- Mr Beast Leaked Production Success Guide: Kind: captions Language: en a couple days ago a document leaked from Mr Beast production company titled how to succeed in Mr Beast production and since Jimmy's main YouTube channel has more subscribers and gets more views than every other channel on this platform it's being looked at by a lot of people as a cheat sheet for how to make it on YouTube and it is in some ways he talks about how to make clickbait titles and thumbnails and then how to effectively deliver onset to clickbait in order to have good audience retention and keep people coming back for more and there's plenty of screenshots from the back end of his creator Studio that prove his metrics really are better than just about everyone else on this platform but beyond this guide having good advice for making viral videos I would say that there's actually some really useful stuff in here for running any kind of startup business and I know that there 's been a lot of controversy around Mr Beast there's actually some things in this guide here that made me think if I was reading this as a potential employee of Mr Beast then I would probably start looking for work elsewhere but nonetheless I still think that there is some good advice in here if you were to go and start your own business so the first thing that stood out to me was right here in this section what is your goal here and Mr Beast makes it very clear that the goal of his company is to make the best YouTube videos possible not the best produced videos or the funniest or the best looking videos but the best YouTube videos measured on the metrics of click-through rate average view duration an average view percentage and a couple other metrics that you can get from YouTube now if we abstract away from making viral videos and we talk about just having a specific goal in mind for your business this is something that so many startup companies lose sight of when they start going through periods of extreme growth and especially when they start to reach that phase where they're more of a corporation with separate departments and people start getting too buried in the details of their department and their own little component of the bigger project that doesn't even matter so much as far as the company goal is concerned and part of the reason for this is most employees in big companies have no idea what the key performance indicators are for the business the the actual things that make the company money and make them more successful and granted the kpis in YouTube are very straightforward because you can get detailed statistics for your YouTube videos in the Creator dashboard but making sure that everyone in a company knows what the kpis are maybe not what the exact metrics are but at least what they should be striving for is such an important principle that startups Miss and I would imagine that there's some people that have been hired at Mr Beast Productions over the years who had experience working on movies and other kinds of film pieces um in fact I know that because right below the what is your goal here section he says that he doesn't care how traditional media does things uh because again the key performance indicators for a Hollywood movie or a documentary are going to be different right they're different things for what you than what you need for winning the YouTube algorithm now another point in this document that's maybe a little more contentious is Mr Beast saying that he only wants a players in his company he only wants the people who are obsessive and learn from mistakes they're coachable intelligent don't make excuses believe in YouTube basically the people who have the same vision that he does now obviously any CEO anyone who's going to be hiring wants to have everybody who has the same vision as him right who's going to be as obsessed and working as hard as uh as him or her um but a lot of businesses don't just avoid doing that but they end up hiring in way too many people that are really in no way where you kind of have to stretch a bit to see how they are essential to the goal of the company it could be too many HR people or it could be having these elaborate amenities that were so common at Tech startups for I guess to get people to hang around the office more you know like they have little game center set up and you know coffee machines and these elaborate kitchens and then you end up having employees to maintain that stuff or contractors you know either way you're spending a lot of money on it at the very least and we've seen time and time again where businesses will invest in all of this stuff when they're profitable but then when the profits go down there's Mass layoffs there's lots of resentment from people keeping your team lean and avoiding bloat is key and that's pretty much the summary of this section here with Mr B saying that he only wants a players and another Point that's made in this section and throughout this document is accountability and the necessity for different departments to communicate with one another in order to reach deadlines this is something that I think everyone has run into at some point where projects can end up in this deadlock State because you need something from one Department which needs something something from another and so on and somewhere down the line often at multiple points in this dependency chain you find that the only cross Department communication for a specific issue was one email or one phone call and then no followup the person just shot off the email said hey I need this thing and now I'm not going to worry about it until Bob delivers Mr Beast recommends that his employees find the people that their work press depends on and tell them that they are the bottleneck they are the reason why stuff is not getting done and follow up until their work is done and their work is done correctly so that you can continue with doing your work it sounds like there's a lot of micromanagement going on but I would imagine that the logistics for creating the kinds of videos he does on his main Channel as often as he does warrants some of it now there's two parts in this document that outline work expectations that probably confirm some of the rumors that we've heard about how strenuous working for this company can be and that's this section titled nothing comes before your prios which is short for priorities and a little bit below that we have this section called work on multiple videos every day and it actually ends with saying that if you only ever work on one video throughout a day than you failed as a Mr Beast employee for that day so I would imagine that doing these two at the same time can get really difficult to sort out when things are really busy because you know there's this demand for high performance and high work output and that's common in a lot of tech startups you know we've all seen job listings for the Rockstar developer and the only thing that they end up having in common with actual rock stars as sleepless nights um but theirs are spent working instead of being buried in drugs and groupies so Jimmy has explained multiple times in both interviews and also throughout this document that the YouTube channel is his baby he obsessed for years over having the most success ever on this platform he spent thousands of hours just studying viral videos studying how to win the algorithm every nitty-gritty little detail of a video and you know what made it pop and his work has obviously paid off he's made a lot of money he's built up a huge reputation for his brand he might be one of the most recognizable people on the planet and at the end of the day this is all his it's his company his obsession made him a lot of money let him give away a lot of money and and ultimately Let Him Live his dream and it's a big ask to want everyone on your team to have that same level of obsession again from the CEO's perspective this is what every CEO would want but you'd imagine that maybe it's a little bit more difficult for people who are editors for a YouTube channel to really share that same level of obsession and that's pretty much what this guide is asking for in a nutshell so hopefully the people that are doing that work and that have to be that obsessed or at least well compensated and enjoying it for the most part I'm going to leave a link to this entire document in this video's description like and share this video to hack the algorithm and have a great rest of your day

  Top Comments:
  1. @C0ntrarianB4KA [2 likes]: Don't hate the player, hate the game.
  2. @erdinyobarboza8083 [1 likes]: I only want "A Players" yet the damn document is riddled with typos.
  3. @hypno5690 [1 likes]: You guys really hate success its wild. Every hugely successful individual in your minds is either an evil psychopath or the luckiest person in the world. Its easy to believe that when youve never succeeded at anything isnt it? I expect nothing but insults in way of replies, but im not wrong.
  4. @1holli_u [1 likes]: This is the kost Andrew Tate sigma grindset TikTok Instagram Reel ohio rizz ahh guide I've ever seen
  5. @zine_ex [1 likes]: simple : be fake 🤥 scammer 😂
  6. @adamlodge8093: mentaloutlaw i would rather watch your content instead
  7. @tomswan3401: Im confused. If he needs only level-A employees (doing lots of unpaid overtime), he should automate his entire studio and not need employees at all.^^
  8. @Dongobog-ps9tz: If you want CEO level obsession then give them equity.
  9. @KhasteShodam-k6j: The fake smile that he gives makes me vomit😂
  10. @FIVEFIVEFIVE-v1p: The A-player section reads to me like "I only want employees who know no work-life balance and are highly exploitable" more so than "no bloat"
  11. @mpky23: i like this video it fills me with motivation pursuing my own goal
  12. @adamadams9517: I can't stand him.
  13. @denissorn: Interesting. Must be a generational thing, but I have never heard of him.
  14. @V4VestA: There’s no way on earth he just came up with this all by himself first try. Probably had help from some tech CEO.
  15. @mirjalol49: I was fan of him but not anymore, cos he fakes videos and not legit guy
  16. @grandmajojo5211: christ this is so disturbing to me
  17. @Kujooceanman: Wow these policies sucks, really the average tech bro mindset
  18. @emenesu: I have yet to find a single person who actually watches his channel.

Are they all kids? I honestly don't know.
  19. @faceofdead: videos for kids.... poor kids xD
  20. @alexanderwhite8320: Capitalism at its worst. Also I do not understand who likes the MrBeast videos so much. They are so overplayed, so clockbait and completely empty of knowledge that maybe only people with IQ around 80 will enjoy

- How to Clone MrBeast: Kind: captions Language: en step one do absolutely nothing original in Blendon with the crowd captions titles thumbnails personality despite there being so many popular YouTubers don't you think it's a bit weird that they all share the same voice step two despite Mr Beast being known for his generosity feel free to either embellish what little good you actually do or just skip that part entirely in the end who cares if your challenges are real If instead you can say they are and get just as many views anything to save time right step three profit and when that happens make sure to pay an Editor to do some of the previous steps for you make more money good use that money and flaunt it in the title and thumbnail then pay even more people to be creative for you thinking is hard and at this point your brain is already so overworked from taking two popular tag words and mashing them together remember that even when you reach this higher Echelon of YouTube You're Still replaceable and despite the view counts the lack of genuine personality means that if you were to stop uploading someone else will just get up and take your place this is how so many people cloned Mr Beast I have a challenge for all of you today I'm transferring my house into a fish tank I'm about to spend the next 2 weeks I gave my YouTube password to Mr bees your moms your dad your sister your brothers over the past 12 months I've made five financial decisions that I'll probably never recover from Mr be we bought a bus and now we're turning fortnite B bus in real life this phenomenon is nothing new in the YouTube space and it isn't exclusive to just recent Trends YouTube as a whole might as well be synonymous with plagiarism from illegal reuploads of cartoons helping YouTube in its early days to commentary YouTube recycling the same three topics at any given time every genre video from Let's Plays to Minecraft to reviews are only genres because smaller channels will looking at the top and replicating what they do after all talking to other creators and exchanging info on what works is a big part of being a YouTuber Mr Beast himself has been on numerous podcasts to share his own lifetimes worth of YouTube knowledge but plagiarism goes a lot deeper than just getting inspired by someone else's work there's a big difference between taking inspiration and just straight up jacking someone's style without a second thought there's a pretty blurry line between inspiration and theft what some might see as an homage to an existing work to others comes off as intentional deceit but know that just showcasing an alternative style does not mean they pioneered it everyone has Inspirations but issues begin to arise when so many people use a style so much to the point where the style becomes the culture and that seems to be exactly what happened with mainstream YouTube many have made videos about the current state of the site claiming it to be boring and stale gesturing towards this trend of condensed hyper attention focused editing screaming and saturated thumbnails the Youtubers with this style are often derided as just Mr Beast clones because despite amassing tens of millions of subscribers themselves they did it off the style format and content of the man on top their derivative a lot of people have made videos about getting big on YouTube so much to the point where it's become a genre itself and once they're given this guide on YouTube success it only makes sense for most to follow it but some follow a little too closely so where's the line drawn between inspiration and copying between clone and none how similar does the content need to be before labels start to be thrown at you well for many it happens as soon as the Creator enters the same Niche which in this case isn't even Niche at all the whole thing with the Mr Beast brand is that it's designed to appeal to as many people as possible so much to the point where attaching a personality becomes a hindrance and Jimmy has to become a caricature to be more relatable McDonald's is so successful because everyone eats food and likes it when food tastes good Mr Beast Burgers aren't as good which is why it's great we're sticking to the videos Jimmy's video ideas vary quite a lot but they're all connected to one thing and that one thing is never really him it's money a ton of money isn't something a lot of people have which is what makes these videos so interesting to the average person because of this not everyone could start on YouTube by giving $10,000 to a homeless man and even if you could it probably wouldn't get views in 2024 the envelope has been pushed so far past that point that even giving money away needs to have a Twist a challenge a gimmick climbing the mountain of YouTube success is a daring Journey but there are some YouTubers who are up to the task and even some who followed that path to attain success I'm sure off the top of your head you can name a Rogues gallery of these sorts of channels ARA fidus Brent Rivera even mors back in the day and very many more but the thing that makes this format so tiring are the amount of unre related channels that have adapted this style in the past people used to watch tech reviews that looked like this clean moderate but still having production value then today we have Mr who's the boss with flying text and swishy transitions wow the only thing that would make this better is if he was reviewing a prison with Sigma Chad music in the background and it's maybe the most technologically advanced prison in the world what sorry I think I just had seven strokes so let's say just for fun that Mr B suddenly vanishes Without a Trace oh no what will the loyal viewers watch now luckily we have Matthew beam Matthew beam is kind of funny to look at because he's like a worst version of Mr Beast from years ago Jimmy fills his friend's house with Lego 5 years later Matthew fills his own house with water something equally silly is that the thumbnails of his biggest videos have Jimmy's face front and center with a little guy in the background labeled me thank goodness otherwise people would think they're clicking on a Mr Beast video which seems to be what happened for 25 million people but at the end of the day Matthew beam's content is ultimately harmless it doesn't make him any less of a goober though if you've surrounded yourself with toxic Mr Beast discourse on Twitter then you've definitely heard the term poverty tourism it's a term angry people like to use to criticize Mr Beast claiming that he's taking advantage of people's struggles to make money now poverty tourism is a very real thing case in point this video by fidia in this video the rich multi-millionaire YouTuber goes to Bui to flex on the poor he's like the evil Mr Beast he's going to steal your money but not every Mr Beast clone only copies his ideas and lack of Personality sometimes cloning Mr Beast can be a little more discreet or selective I like to call these Mr Beast but under this category we have channels like TD bricks who's Mr Beast but with Lego or zealous who's Mr Beast but um he got a shout out from Mr Beast here's a video of him playing rock paper scissors for a lot of money wow that's a pretty neat video idea that Mr Beast did in a YouTube short to be fair that's just one section of a bigger video about canceled videos that Jimmy also did but to be fair this is pretty much just a Simpsons did it scenario he's already swallowed up all the good ideas and the only remotely original ones left are Ultra specific and unlikely to be viewed by a general audience oh hello [Music] there the effect Mr Beast has had on creators isn't solely affecting small upand cominging channels it's changed the landscape of YouTube at large big channels that initially got popular from other things begin to stare longingly at what could be like Gatsby looking at the green light reaching out at those juicy YouTube ad dollars I talked earlier about fidus going to a third world world country and using their personal struggle as a YouTube challenge but before he became the worst Mr Beast clone he was originally a decently successful vlogger it's funny because the exact opposite course of events happened to Tyler Ola someone who used to do Mr B style mainstream video ideas only to Rebrand to Serious documentaries where he uses the personal struggles of the homeless reviews damn it the Beast virus also displays symptoms on channels that aren't even associated with his videos zhc is a Creator who makes art videos where he customizes phones and other luxury items but ever since he got the disease he's been making Challenge videos ever more frequently having a second Channel solely dedicated to this type of video and money is appearing more and more in his video titles but the aspect of Jimmy's brand that has the most reach by far are his thumbnails we've made it to the point where even people who are nothing like Jimmy like political commentator Ben Shapiro are making thumbnails in the same style bright Skies green grass sat at at colors while eyesores clearly these thumbnails work otherwise people wouldn't be doing them but Mr Beast isn't the only Channel under that brand I'm not sure if you've noticed but Mr Beast has a few play buttons in fact he's amassed by far the biggest YouTube Empire and the world record for having the most play buttons Eat Your Heart Out Jack sucks at life who I was in one video by Minecraft YouTube seems to have taken a lot from the Mr Beast Playbook specifically Mr Beast gaming with the same video ideas and captions but on Minecraft YouTube the style jacking is somehow even more blatant it seems like every few months I see a new Minecraft Youtuber in my recommendations or at least I think they're new honestly I have no idea see the thing with modern Minecraft YouTube is the complete lack of originality they mostly seem to fall into a handful of oversaturated genres 100 days or Sky Block challenges building a giant thing in Hardcore Minecraft s smps role plays or collecting everything the biggest distinction you get between channels are just their skins and when big Minecraft youtubers leave no one really notices the content Gap is immediately filled and viewers are never going to notice what YouTube isn't recommending even Mr Beast gaming hasn't posted in almost a year now let it be known that there are original Minecraft channels that had their own original ideas but every good idea you have isn't going to be yours for long dream does manhunts then everyone else does them ish is a YouTuber I really like he does these really cool social experiments following his fans and these detailed roleplay simulations his videos combine real ideologies that lead to actual conflict dictators Wars refugees interconnected plot lines with real people and their stories of glory and betrayal these videos are incredibly interesting to watch so obviously a bunch of people stole them and now they're really boring currently we're seeing a change right now many are actually moving away from the Mr Beast editing style including Jimmy himself he recently put out a 40-minute long video more focused on telling a story than keeping people semi- engaged with flashy effect Ryan Tron is another Channel doing incredibly well right now someone who makes distinct enough videos with an ever so slightly different style something more simplistic and designed to be more relatable but hot take warning I'm not irely sure if it's as real as he's letting on a big reason people like Ryan is for his relatability the way he incorporates feel-good messaging in his videos is respectable and I personally prefer the less distracting editing but under scrutiny you can sort of tell that things are off what can you tell me about Ryan Tron well he likes stuff he likes to have fun and be positive but that isn't really a personality it's a first impression his editing style reflects his YouTube presence to a tea it's simple and surface level Ryan's turned himself into a blank sleigh people can overlay themselves onto just like Jimmy and it's fine to watch these videos out of this crowd of popular YouTubers Ryan is the only one I can stomach the most but it's important to realize that you never really know a YouTuber as much as you think you know on my last video I got a comment that reads I'm not a YouTuber but I think the best way to not get remembered by who you was and not who you are is to not change yourself for the numbers after all who are you if not your true self ignoring the lackluster grammar I appreciate the sentiment but in practice it all falls apart the version of someone you see through a computer screen will never be the same as actually talking to them on video you only ever see someone at their best hell the version of me writing this script at 10:30 a.m. on April 21st is different from me narrating this on the 22nd at 9:46 p.m. and that me is already most definitely completely different from me now that you're watching this video You're watching a version of myself that's perpetually out of date and that's just the nature of YouTube content being yourself is great but the model I like to use is just be the version of yourself you want to be be someone with style taste and something to say instead a lot of people would rather be someone else someone so successful that just by doing their best impression of him they can get a fraction of a success and that fraction is tens of millions of views but I think the worst result of this is that to many YouTube is boring now when there's an easy to follow guide for playing the algorithm it's not surprising that everyone's recommendations are flooded with the same copy pasted videos and even though these aren't the majority of videos they get so many views that YouTube recommended is flooded with them it gives off the impression that the entire website is this dystopian and fake cardboard cutout where money always wins and while true I think more people should spend their time watching good videos instead this whole style was designed to be optimized but ends up coming across a superficial I'd personally rather watch something with character but really I don't think this discussion about editing is ending with this specific style even when things aren't as in your face all mainstream YouTube editing still comes across as vapid because the person crafting the video together the editor almost never seems to be emotionally invested in the final project I've talked about people turning around and rejecting the Beast well remember those YouTube guide channels well now they're all plagiarizing each other telling you to stop retention editing and to instead pretend to edit badly to seem more genuine to fake a parasocial relationship and say oh guys oh bad at editing please be emotionally connected to my shallow Persona here's an idea maybe don't let other people tell you how you should edit in a perfect world someone's editing style should be an extension of the Creator when someone edits the their own videos you can learn a lot about their mindset when working on their craft where does the effort go do they put all of it into their script with the quality of their points do they design a nice set and then just let the cameras roll do they put custom visuals to illustrate their thought process every editing style is valid so long as you use the right one to fit the content you're making even something as straightforward as Vlogs can be dramatically different depending on the people behind them authenticity is dead because creators are dead people don't watch creatives anymore they watch corporations and YouTubers aren't getting any less corporate with this change they're just getting better at pretending not to be and regardless of the editing style some things are always going to feel uneasy when your content is being made on an assembly line and the audience never really knows who they're truly watching in conclusion I don't know Mr Beast good Beast clones bad I think a lot of these channels had initially expected to get a head start than pivot to something more original once they had a bigger audience I mentioned the Minecraft sphere earlier and something you'll notice with a lot of these channels is the amount of videos they have time and time again you'll see million subscriber Channels with just 20 videos or so they followed the guide book without changing anything so the entire Community becomes interchangeable aside from the look of the skin it's attached to my best hope for these guys is for them to make something unique later on they're still early enough into their careers so it's definitely possible to make an impact as with the Beast clones I think it's probably too late they've built their entire careers on these same videos and have made it to the point where they have to lie in the bed they made the light may have been alluring but stare into it for too long and it becomes blinding so it's probably best to not fly too close to the Sun n

  Top Comments:
  1. @AverageDollfan [7 likes]: 15:28 foreshadowing
  2. @kodasankofa [6 likes]: 6:22 Crazy how half a year passes, huh?
  3. @ThatF1sh [5 likes]: Conclusion: watch Technoblade
  4. @Notshanekid21 [2 likes]: Is that Fred?
  5. @DawnLawnGG-i3i [2 likes]: I hate Mr beast /:
  6. @depressedengineer5766 [2 likes]: MrBeast clones went first, now it's time for the man himself
  7. @the_original_wood [1 likes]: This aged like me after not showering for a month
  8. @yeah_forkey: 9:54 You just diggin in the worng ahh, have you ever watched mud flaps?
  9. @Taragatie: 1:49 I LOVE EVANS BLUE!!!!!
  10. @AliceKilled: I love chasington.😊
  11. @Lesbie_2015: Bro should be a movie director editing this
  12. @darka53741: i thought fred retired in the thumbnail?
  13. @IronLand-f3g: FUn Fact: Fidias have now turned to European Politics and is a politician now and make video beefin with random politicians
  14. @RobloxIsAverage: this helps me contain my little beast 🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  15. @DogDominator: 12:46
i just realized i could've been writing a script for my videos from this video
  16. @GJBFAH: Imagine just having a normal day and you see a Mr beast clone on top of 40 UNSTABLE TRAMPOLINES NEAR THE ROAD FOR A VIDEO
  17. @televisionn_n: The intro is so good imo. Also, great video. 👍
  18. @The_Remembered: Remember when Morgz was the only MrBeast clone?
  19. @IhaveNofriends6969: Song name for the intro?
  20. @unblockmecoward: BOFFY IS BACK

- How Mr Beast Become Successful On YouTube. Secret Strategies. (Copy Me ): Kind: captions Language: en one who the biggest YouTuber in the world is. You'll hear the same name, Mr. Beast. With over 200 m subscribers, people think he just got lucky. But here's the truth. He built a money machine, a system that turns views into products and products back into more views. Today, I'll reveal the secrets behind his $500 million empire. Idea strategy. Mr. Beast doesn't just copy ideas, he adapts them. His Squid Game video wasn't original, but he invested millions to make it more epic than the original show. That's the secret. He takes trending ideas, adds creativity, and makes them unforgettable. Most people fail because they just copy. Remember the quote, "Steal like an artist, not like a thief." That's exactly what I'm doing here. Using trendjacking by covering Mr. Beast while giving you my own insights. Execution. The next secret, overinvesting before filming. Mr. Beast spends weeks testing ideas and thumbnails. If the concept isn't clear to a 10-year-old, he scraps it. Even his thumbnails are iterated dozens of times. That's why when you see a Mr. beast thumbnail you have to click. Think about it. If he puts that much work into just one image, imagine the effort behind the full video. Retention machine. Once the video starts, it's all about retention. No dead air, no wasted seconds, just constant tension, rapid pacing, and escalating stakes. That's why people watch to the very end and why YouTube keeps pushing his videos to millions. Even his narration is part of the magic. Energetic, clear, and instantly recognizable. So, the secret behind Mr. Beast's empire isn't luck. its strategy, bigger ideas, better thumbnails, and unbeatable retention. Now, tell me this. If you made $10,000 from YouTube this month, how much would you reinvest? Comment your percentage below. And if you want more strategies on money, investing, and online income, hit subscribe. This is US Dream Build. See you in the next video.

- MrBeast: How to succeed on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en how do you define and how do you suggest others define success some people success is retiring their mom literally you know for you finances inspiring people and educating them and you know whatever they're peaking their curiosity um for other people it's just quitting their job so you have to self-reflect on what your definition of success is because I think a lot of creators kind of don't really think don't introspect like they kind of want to keep getting more and more subscribers kind of thing and yeah but subscribers is just a vanity metric you know it doesn't subscribers don't correlate to views sure or views what yeah I know but that's more that was a drag to you that was more direct to people listening because uh a lot of people do really care about subscribers or even followers like on Tick Tock but if you look like your view if on YouTube very very few percent if even a percent of your views come from the sub feed right you know they're almost all home feeders suggested what's the last time you clicked on your sub feed to watch a video oh almost never yeah yeah maybe five years ago it used to be a thing it's not anymore no one does um and it's getting harder and harder to find subscribe to way too many channels I think yeah that's what everyone does and you subscribe to 10 channels they're great but two years later your taste evolves and it's like it's a mess and so um subscribers don't really matter followers on Tick Tock don't really matter um so anyways it really they really are the definition of a vanity metric and but what about views they do obviously because if people are showing up time and time again that's what matters okay so that that's a good thing to uh Define a success I just feel like um that too can be a problem because uh I would say you know if I wanted to be successful like I said a young Creator I might start copying Mr Beast or something like that right yeah like there's you start trying to take shortcuts as opposed to find your your own unique voice right so like chasing views is a problem too it feels like or no um it's as long as you detach yourself from that I mean if you're if you're lazy yeah and you just want to copy someone else and not experiment and find your own way but yeah I mean you can't make that excuse for them and someone just isn't coming up with original stuff and putting in the effort you can't just say oh it's because they're chasing views we need some different metric from the chase no they just need to find their own way well it just feels like a unique type of content will often lead to sacrifice in the number of views in the short term by the long term you win okay or if you do win you you win more I guess would be a better way putting it

  Top Comments:
  1. @matthewjalovick [22 likes]: Uh what? Maybe I’m the odd one out here but my subscriptions are the one place I check every single day on YouTube. I almost never have the algorithm feed. It’s the channels that I know I’ll like and so I scroll through to make sure I haven’t missed a video.
  2. @TH-bj1pb [10 likes]: Clicked on this video from my subscription feed.
  3. @Wesson11 [4 likes]: in retrospect everything seems possible and simple
  4. @LexClips [2 likes]: Full podcast episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3_PwvvfxIU
Lex Fridman podcast channel: https://www.youtube.com/lexfridman
Guest bio: MrBeast is a legendary YouTube creator.
  5. @MattsMovieReviews [2 likes]: I'm just trying my best to be consistent with my content and continue to develop my voice.
  6. @atomsofstardust [1 likes]: What a bunch of horse manure about Subscription feed. I watch 90% of YouTube via my Feed, not some garbage YouTube wants me to see.

Sure, if I’m bored or would like to take a chance on getting some other new content I haven’t seen I will click Home page, otherwise - I stay away from that nonsense.
  7. @jjakji2078 [1 likes]: Lex out here deleting any negative comments. Thin skinned little cry baby.
  8. @lucasglowacki4683 [1 likes]: Having your mouth open all the time apparently….
  9. @XavierPakaluReacts [1 likes]: This is the greatest collabo
  10. @understanding_ai [1 likes]: What I do know is well-presented content with susbtantial information is always going to make a dent.
  11. @XavierPakaluReacts [1 likes]: “Subscribers don’t matter” good point
  12. @MoaningDuck007: Getting fed up of seeing this fool in my feed.. wtf lex
  13. @TheyCallMeTejay: second
  14. @understanding_ai: First.

- MrBeast Shares His Best YouTube Advice: Kind: captions Language: en - If you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million subscribers within six months. Your first video is not gonna get views. Subscribers don't matter, views don't matter. I mean, they do. So stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Everything you... (beeping) Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. - [Narrator] MrBeast shares his best YouTube advice all the way from title and thumbnail secrets to growing a channel on YouTube. - It's much easier to get five million views on one video than 50,000 views on 100 videos. - [Narrator] He also reveals how he's able to hook in viewers in his videos and what he would do if he started over from scratch. - What advice would you give yourself when you were starting out? - Your videos suck. You think your videos are good, but they suck. They just do. And the sooner you learn how to make good, great videos that people actually wanna watch, the sooner you'll get views I think it's the biggest takeaway 'cause like when I was 14, I thought my videos were the best in the world. They weren't, they were terrible. Many people are making way better videos than me, but I didn't think that. And I think, you know, to be successful, you kind of have to have a little bit of that ego where you're like, you know, my content's great. You gotta believe in it, but also like if you have sub 1,000 subscribers, like there's a good probability your videos just suck. They just do, and you need to make hundreds of videos or 100 videos, I don't know. It depends on the difficulty of videos. Improve something every time and just like get to the point where they don't. When you make good content, you'll blow up. It's not the algorithm, it's not anything, it's just like most, me and most people who are in my position, you just make terrible videos and that's okay because you've gotta make a bunch of videos and improve over time to be great. Like you don't just pick up a baseball and become an MLB level athlete within a year. It takes many, many, many years and YouTube's kind of the same way. A lot of people get analysis paralysis and they'll just sit there and they'll plan their first video for three months. Any of you listening, especially if you have zero videos on your channel, your first video is not gonna give views, period. It's not, your first 10 are not gonna get views. I can very confidently say that. for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Like all you need to do, and this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber, is make 100 videos and improve something every time. Do that, and then on your 101st video, we'll start talking, like maybe you can get some views, but, you know, your first 100 are gonna suck. There are very freak cases like (MrBeast mumbling) or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them some, as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making in the NBA. Like yes, there are freak cases you can find, but for the average person like us, you know, who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know, backgrounds in filmmaking, just make 100 videos. Improve something each time. And then talk to me on your 101st video. - How do you improve something each time? - The second one just, I don't know, put more effort into the script. The third one, try to learn a new editing trick. The fourth one, try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice. The fifth one, try to, you know, study a new thumbnail tip and implement it. The sixth one, try to figure out a new title. There's infinite ways. That's the beauty of content creation online. There's literally infinite ways from the coloring, to the frame rate, to the editing, to the filming, to the production, to the jokes, to the pacing to, every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved. There's no, there's literally no such thing as a perfect video. What YouTube wants is they want people to click on a video and they wanna watch it. Like at its core that's what it is. Now you can like draw little lines and go as deep as you want and to how to get people to click and how to get people to watch. I mean essentially by studying the algorithm you'll learn that you're more studying human psychology, right? What do humans wanna watch? Anytime you say the word algorithm, just replace it with audience and it works perfectly. Like the algorithm didn't like that video? No, the audience didn't like that video. Literally that's it. If people are clicking and watching then it gets promoted more. And that's literally all the algorithm does is reflect what the people want. To a T. And if you deny that you just make terrible videos and are trying to find a scapegoat, - What makes for a good title? Short? - Not just short, it's also if someone reads it, are they like, do they have to watch it? Is it just so intrinsically interesting that it's just gonna quit them? If they don't click on it, you know what I mean? Ideally, it's a title also that you know, 'cause the titles don't live in a vacuum, right? So it has to lead into the content. So ideally the title represents content that you would wanna watch for 20 minutes. So if it's a 20 minute video and the title is I stepped on a bug, the click-through rate is gonna be much lower. And then if it was like a five second video, like even nuances of the length of the video based against the title will affect whether people want to click it, 'cause sometimes they just don't add up. I mean it's that, yes, ideally you want it below 50 characters because above 50 characters on certain devices you run the chance of it going dot, dot, dot. So like I took a light pole and I saw how many dollar bills I could stack on top and they would just go dot, dot, dot, 'cause it's too long and it can't finish it. And that's the worst thing because then people don't even know what they're clicking on. And so it's gonna do even worse. Short, simple ideally and just so freaking interesting to have to click. And it is a good segue into the content and it represents the length of the content. The more extreme the opinion, typically the higher the click through rate. If you can like pay it off in the content, then it just supercharges it, so like... - Oh so, you have a kind of estimate of the extreme. - Yeah, like this just for water, right? You're like Fiji water sucks. Yeah that'd do fine. But if you said Fiji water is the worst water I've ever drank in my life. - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Way more extreme opinion, would do way better. - [Interviewer] But you have to deliver. - Yeah but then you have to deliver 'cause the more extreme you are, the more extreme you have to be in the video. - I heard you guys talking about auto play on YouTube. - [MrBeast] Yes. - And I've never considered it. I've always thought about the thumbnail, but now on YouTube, videos automatically play. - Of course, so before you do, you film a video, what is the thumbnail, what is the video? And then what's the first five seconds and then what's the first 30 seconds? You know, by the first five seconds it's like, goes with the thumbnail. - Because it's possible that people open YouTube and they don't... - They don't see it, especially for us because like for so many people, I've watched hundreds of our videos when I upload I am first on your homepage. So like you just literally don't even see the thumbnail 'cause it auto play so quickly. So like the thumbnail is irrelevant. I have to like visually convince you to click on the video. - Wow, that's so interesting. - Yeah, that's why we go so hardcore. - Dude, that's so crazy. So do you consider also captions in those first five seconds? 'Cause of course people aren't... - Of course yeah, everything. Everything. Yes. 100%. - Wow, so those first five seconds, that hook is now even more important than it ever used to be. - Oh of, 100%. Yeah, before it was important because you had to convince people to watch. - Now you have to convince people to click and watch at the same time. - Whoa. - [MrBeast] With the first five seconds. - That's driving CTR now too. - It is, 100%. I roast a lot of people who like have boring first five seconds, it's brutal. Your title and thumbnail set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize dropoff, you want to assure them that those expectations are being met. If you click on a video where you know of his, where it's like Tether is a scam and then at the very beginning he starts talking about literally anything else, then you are like, oh this is bull, this isn't what I clicked on. But if at the very start of the video you go, Tether is a scam and I'm gonna teach you why, then it's like okay, you match the expectations. So at the very beginning match the expectations and then you wanna exceed them. So you wanna assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like, but you're also getting even more. That's how you lower drop off. Which a lot of people, sometimes it takes them like 20 seconds to really meet the expectations and so you lose, like that's where you're gonna lose everyone. Everyone's video start like this and then it levels off. So you wanna reduce the amount of people that click off on the audience retention graph. I hope you're popping up graphs while I'm saying this. So it's easier for people to visualize. We really should drill this home because like the number one thing is like retaining as many people as possible at the start. 'Cause like envision a chart where you lose 35% of your viewers in the first 30 seconds and then envision one where you only lose 20%, that's 15% more people that are watching you know, throughout the video than not. And it's not like you made the whole video like a bunch better. You just had a more strategic intro that hooked them. I'm showing to put this into words and like to really impose how important that is. But like that 15% difference in viewership really does make the difference between hypothetically like 2 million views on a video and like 10 in my head, the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video, like. - I can almost, I think I can quote it, I tied up an FBI agent and I have 100 thousand dollars of this bag. Here's a knife, good luck. And I just run away. - Like it gives you everything you need. - No wasted words. Short, concise, and then tension. You basically wanna remove every dull moment. You probably want to find the 10 most critical people you know, make them watch the video and just roast it. You know, certain things like, if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut, like a lot of people will just like get bored or they'll lose interest. So like having a B cam and a C cam and just, you can just talk for 10 seconds but three seconds in cutting to a B cam and then a C cam, like now it's more interesting even though it's essentially the same thing and not that crazy. But you wanna have good pacing, typically having a payoff at the end, keep some, right? Last to leave the circle wins 10 grand. If there is a low moment halfway through you're gonna watch to the end 'cause you wanna see who wins the 10 grand. So having a good payoff at the end. - [Interviewer] How do you keep viewers watching and you know, happy with the video? - I would say just give them why they clicked. Tell them why they should watch and then just stick on topic. Like that right there isn't even super complex but I would already put you in the upper echelon of YouTube. Like it's hard for a lot of people, people for whatever reason, like they just drag it out. A lot of log channels do it. It's like eating 100 dollars ice cream and they'll be like, I'm going to eat 100 dollars ice cream but first and then it's like earlier in the day and it's just stuff that has nothing to do with what you clicked on. It's like them birthday shopping for their mom and it's like that's not why I came here. - Now if you're looking to grow your YouTube channel, I gotta tell you about this before we get into the rest of MrBeast's genius advice and that is that we at Think Media are doing a free YouTube challenge to help you grow your first 1000 subscribers on YouTube or make your first $1,000 on YouTube. To sign up for free, all you have to do is go to Tube1KChallenge.com or check out the link down in our description during this free challenge, Sean Cannell, the founder of Think Media, is gonna be showing you guys how to grow your YouTube channels and make money online with YouTube. So click on the link to sign up today or to check out when our next challenge is gonna be. Okay, let's get back into the video. - What's interesting is the longer people watch something, the more likely they are to keep watching. So you don't have to try as hard in the hypothetically back half of a video as you do it in the front. Like even right now, we're so deep into this where a lot of people listening are probably just gonna keep listening relatively close to the end unless we just have a really boring part of this conversation. 'Cause they're just in it, they're immersed. And so a big like, to really boil it down to a simple level, you just want to get people where they're immersed in the content and then just kind of hold them there. The thing is, it's all knowledge. It really is. And like every time I say this, people debate it to the end of time on Twitter, but I don't care. Like I could start a new channel tomorrow with not using my face or my voice like without ever promoting it and in six months have 20 million subscribers. I just could, yeah, it's purely knowledge. Like if you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million views of video and you could get 10 million subscribers no matter where you are right now within six months. It really is just knowledge. And I could already tell you 90% of the people watching, they don't, they don't agree with that. They don't. And everyone has excuses and they're always like, nah, YouTube just doesn't work like that, Jimmy, you don't understand. But I mentor a lot of people. I see it even to this day, I still see it all the time. It is possible. It is simply knowledge and the second you accept that it is knowledge and you start your, for me, 10,000 day journey of learning, for you, whatever it is, if you want to be less hardcore but, and like actually figuring out, you know, what makes a good video, what does my audience want, how can I elevate? And then you take that knowledge and you just, you just assume that I will never understand what the perfect video is and every single day I just need to be devoted to learning as much as possible and improving as much as possible. And I gotta prove every video as much as I can. Then, there you go. There are tons of viral ideas that people can do that don't require money. It does not require money to go viral. Like at one point, one of my most few videos was like spending 24 hours in a desert, we just grabbed a tent, some stuff and we went in the desert and it got like 60, 70 million views. I have so many videos where we spent hardly any money, like the no food one or I'd have to pull up the channel and go through it that have gotten tens of millions of views and they would've gotten 10 plus million views even on a small channel. So people who say, oh well, I could be MrBeast if I had money. Well, A, I didn't start off with money, I was poor, I had no money and it took me like seven years just to buy a camera saving up from YouTube and B, some of our most reviews literally, like anyone can do. The best way to get views in my opinion, I think it's better to really, really focus on quality. If you're a very small YouTuber and you can upload a video a day and like all the videos be average and like none of those videos will really stand out. None of it's like epic enough where like the algorithm's gonna go, oh this video, like this video is good. Like we need to spread it, feel like a lot of small YouTubers they just post like videos that aren't bad but they're not great and they just do that and none of them ever pop off so they never get an audience where it might be better to like, you know, upload half or a third or even like a fifth of the videos but make the videos you upload so freaking good that like the algorithm has to promote it and that, you know, it has to find audiences for it, 'cause it's such an interesting and good video, when you like set a consistent schedule and you're constantly having to upload videos that aren't as good as you'd like because you gotta hit, oh this Monday, I said I'd upload every Monday. You know like that's a dangerous trap because then you know, the viewers notice that the quality isn't as good and it makes them less likely to watch. And I think it hurts your longevity. A lot of times people, oh boy, it's like they think their videos are better than they are, honestly and that... - Tell them Jimmy, tell them. - I mean they do and you have to like, you have to, that and they have horrible friend groups 'cause you really are like the type of YouTubers you hang around. And so like a lot of times I'm just like, what you're saying is wrong, who told you this? They're like, oh, this guy, this guy. And it's like, well they're wrong. It's not true. You, there's no such thing as a perfect video. Like someone should always call you and... It on your video 'cause it could be better. Like that's because imagine if someone does that every video and you upload 100s, if not 1,000 videos over the next 10 years and every single time someone's critiquing you and you're applying what they're critiquing. Like imagine the compound effect. Over that time span. It's invaluable. People think it's like, oh well, it's all like CTR and stuff like that. But a big thing that everyone... Underestimates is it's, what was your experience with your last video? If people loved your, the last video of yours that they watched, they're more likely to watch your next one. For the YouTubers watching this, when people watch your video they go, okay, that was good but like, that's enough of you for the day. Like it was all right, right? Whereas what you want is them to go, holy crap, that was crazy. Oh my god, what's that? Holy crap. That was crazy. Oh my god. And they just, and they watched 10 videos. That's what you're going for. That data can't describe and like I don't, I've never heard anyone talk about that but that, that is it. That's how you get these high view counts because people watch 10 videos, not one, you know? It's okay to draw inspiration for me but just don't do what I do to a T. - It's not like $1 versus blank. - I'm the first person to do it but I just, you know, saw that format and I was just like, how can I do that 100 times better? - Right. - How can I put 100 times more creativity into it? How can I level up the editing by 100 times? How can I spend 100 blah, blah, blah. - And that's always my mindset. How can I, like if I get inspired by something, how can I do that but 100 times better and make it my own? Whereas a lot of people are just like, oh MrBeast did that, I'm just gonna do it. - [Interviewer] Yeah, how do I make a good thumbnail? How do I get people to click my video? - [MrBeast] You want it to be simple. You want them to be able to, like when they're scrolling through their suggested or homepage or whatever touch point, you want them to instantly be able to understand what you're conveying and you want them to feel some type of emotion. You know what I mean? The way I like to phrase it is, you wanna make it so interesting or spike their curiosity or whatever emotion so much that like if they don't click it, they'll wonder, you know, when they're, before they go to bed, like what happened? Like, an example would be like if you uploaded a video, I rode a skateboard with 1000 other people on it and like people are falling off the side or whatever and I'm envisioning like a giant skateboard and people are like hanging on the side of it. Maybe it's like about to go off a big ramp. If you don't click that, you're gonna like be so curious, it's gonna be on your mind, you know? Later in the day when you're daydreaming, you're gonna think like, huh, what happened? What happened to those thousand people on that skateboard? That's kind of a mindset I think you should have when making thumbnails. - How often do you change a thumbnail on a video? Is that something, do you usually just stick with one or you try different one? - Well, so I think we, we get better at making thumbnails every year. So it's more, when I upload a thumbnail I usually think it's good and I don't change it most of the time, but what happens is like three years later I look back and I'm like, oh that's a horrible thumbnail. And so it's usually like every two years we just go back and update a lot of our older thumbnails just 'cause they're terrible. Just with like the new knowledge we have and what we've learned. And funny enough, that actually usually does help quite a bit when we update the thumbnails on old videos that they usually do see a little bit of an uptake 'cause they're just, you know, if we take an old thumbnail where it's like seeing if whatever, like 1,000, 100,000 mattresses can stop a car and it just looks terrible. And then with the new stuff I know we zoom in a little bit so it's a little more visible and make things look better. Then magically it starts doing a little bit better. 'Cause now people actually understand what it is. 'cause I'm not as much of an idiot anymore. In 10 years, YouTube's gonna be bigger than television ever was for culture in America, at least in my opinion. And so I think a lot of people underestimate that and people, I don't think people really understand just how like, to be a, one of the top creators on the biggest social media platform and that and that will also be the biggest in 10 years during that whole time. Like the amount of value and how crazy that is. Like you don't need a network, you don't need, you know, to go through people. You just are, you can and you can do whatever you want and you can influence people how you want. It's just wild. It's mind blowing. And you can leverage that to build businesses or you know, like do things like Beast Philanthropy or whatever. I think like people don't realize just how much influence the top YouTube channels have. No one's ever gonna do what I do better than me. Like it's just not, it's not even humanly possible. Like I reinvest every penny I make. - I work every hour I'm awake, I devote every atom in my brain to solving this. I hire the best people on the planet. I've been doing this for 14 years and I think in decades, not years. So I'm gonna be doing this for another 20, 30 years, not two or three. So no, the next me isn't gonna be me because no one's gonna do It's not possible. If I thought someone was doing better than me, I'd just start sleeping less so I could work even more. Like I'd figure it out, I don't get... - The barrier to entry to be you is extremely high. - Yeah. - Right? Especially where you're at now. - Well it's 'cause I'm all in. I'm crazy. Like people shouldn't be me. I don't have a life, I don't have work life balance. I, my personality, my soul, my being is making the best videos possible, entertaining my fans as best as I can. Like that is why I exist on this planet. And I don't recommend it. You know, mean like, you should have work-life balance. You should not devote your entire life to this one thing. Like go have fun. Like, you know, I'm miserable a lot of times I have a mental breakdown every other week 'cause I push myself so hard. Like I don't recommend it, you know? - What do you think gets us to a million subscribers? - Well, subscribers is an arbitrary, so a million that doesn't matter. - A million views of videos. - You should ask me what helps us make the best videos possible. That's the only question you should ask me. Subscribers don't matter. Views don't matter. I mean they do. - But all that comes, everything you... Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. But it's easier to, you know, make thumbnails, the video part's the hard part. And that's the thing that you're known for. Ask how can I make my videos better? Do that every single day for years. And then you'll probably get views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [422 likes]: What was your favorite take away from this video? Let us know below ⬇
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @Firegod-Gaming1 [1 likes]: 🔥
  3. @MssJoker1 [1 likes]: When I  made my Youtube channel many years ago, I did not even planned to uploading videos for others to watch and becoming a youtuber or something. I just uploaded them because for myself to watch them later. But it is a very good thing if someone has talent to become a real Youtuber and making really interesting and enjoyable videos what other people enjoys to watch. I know exactly that I'm not too creative and I do not know how to edit videos, cut and attach them. So I do not even expect that anyone will ever subscribe to my channel. LOL
  4. @VoiceNInk: Just hit 43 subscribers. Long way to go 🎉
  5. @M3philes2012: ㅤ
  6. @M3philes2012: im nearly at 50 subs
  7. @Memoshawi: Great
  8. @Benjibm: I posted my first short today! I gained my first 1 subscriber! I’m so happy 🎉.. haha x
  9. @TrulyElite-r: I believe l will go viral
  10. @DJ.P.Murray11: 30 subscribers here❤❤❤❤
  11. @AlvinaGachuguEnt: I started on YouTube in 2011...
Consistency has been my biggest issue.
Hopefully, this year, I make it right.
I've improved... immensely.
  12. @zeorankz: Wow
  13. @citcotyoB: i wanna give up, but this got reccomeneded, that means i can't give up
  14. @Queeniedreamy1: I’m on 443  quite happy  about it
  15. @adjlist: Get to work and start uploading. Create create create.
  16. @stronghousewife: 39 subscriber 😢
  17. @VenomBoyzGarage: Mr beast a pitt county boy making NC look good i have a small channel next county over in martin ...Would love to pick his brain on how to grow maybe get bigger an we can do something together for charity as eastern NC Boyz...
  18. @Richboss1-l5i: Amazing video I think this is the most interesting video I ever watched great encouragement u give me hope that I can continue to my dreams to make this become my biggest income
  19. @Richboss1-l5i: Wow thanks you so much for the update on how to become a better YouTuber 😮😊
  20. @CommentChaos_1: Good advise

- 50 YouTubers Fight For $1,000,000: Kind: captions Language: en - I've gathered 50 of the biggest YouTubers on the planet. And whichever one lasts the longest in this cube wins that million dollars for their subscribers. Never before seen in YouTube history, 1 billion subscribers worth of YouTubers are competing for $1 million. And the rules are simple. All right, point the camera down, close the line. - Oh! - Okay. So if you step on the red line, you lose your subscribers a million dollars. So be careful. Last to leave wins it all. - Like, bro, I watched the "Squid Games" like reality show, it's like... - I feel like I'm just a target. - People are not going to be friends in this box. - There's no way. - This is our money, bro. - This is real USD. - I'm pumped, bro. - You finally made in a video. - Finally. - The best strategy is to just conserve energy, think about that million dollar pot. - Between us, would you eliminate someone else so you could stay in? - For my subscribers, of course. - Yeah, yeah. - No, no, no. Get out, no, no, no, no. Get off me. - JJ, so you know the more enemies you make, the higher the chance they might eliminate you. - Oh no, no, we're just goofing around. - Yeah, we are just having fun. - He's literally hiding behind the money. I don't think he got the goofing around memo. Look at all the YouTubers laughing and having a good time. By the end of this video, that's not going to be the case. This video is absolutely the most brutal... - I hate you, Jimmy. - Cutthroat piece of content you've ever seen these creators in. And the first challenge starts right now. Pull the curtain. You guys are not ready for this. - Whoa! - What the? - Oh my God. - For challenge number one, you can temporarily walk out of the cube and attempt a free throw. If you make the shot, we will give a subscriber of yours a free cybertruck and you'll be allowed back in the challenge. But if you miss, your subscriber gets nothing and you are eliminated. - How did they get this many cybertrucks in one place? - I cannot make that shot. - It's too risky. - Free throw is so easy. - A free throw is easy. - I could not make a free throw to save my life. - Everyone was on the edge trying to decide if the first challenge was worth it. But then Mark Rober did this. - Jimmy, peace. - No! - I'm doing it. - No way. - Look at all the YouTubers in the background. - Oh man, this is pressure. - This is a subscriber. - What's your name? - Matthew. - Don't let him down. You got to make this happen. - I got faith in you. - It's on you, Mark. - Go Mark. - Are you going to win your biggest fan a cybertruck or are you both leaving with nothing? - No. - Oh man. - Oh. - I'm so sorry. - It's okay. - As devastating as that was, Jidion decided that maybe he could do a little better. Cybertruck on the line. Oh. Not like this. - That was so bad. - What was that? You tried. - I think I definitely lost a subscriber. - Guys, this is my moment. I am a basketball YouTuber. - If you go out there, I'll go out there, too. - All right, I'm out. Hey, I'm next. - Dude, I'm going to go with you. - Gentlemen, here's your biggest fans. You got a lot of pressure. - I can't watch this, I can't watch it. - Jesser, are you going to let down your biggest fan? - Yes. - Let's go, yeah. - Congrats on the cybertruck. We got more shots. - Thank you, Jesser. - However, not everyone was so fortunate. - I'm sorry. I couldn't get you this cybertruck. Devastating. - Will FazeRug's fan be taking home a cybertruck or will we have yet another loss? - Come on, bro. - Come on. - Let's go, he did it. - Let's go. - Bro, I love you. - Dude, I love you too. We back. - And after seeing three massive YouTubers lose this challenge, it was clear, nobody else wanted to try it. So in the meantime, I let all the YouTubers get settled. - Well, that's a pro there. - But it wouldn't be long until being settled turned into being bored, bored enough to literally be stupid. I don't know why he is doing this, but he's technically not out yet. He has not touched the red. We'll check the footage. Did he touch it? Oh, yeah. - So far, four YouTubers have left the cube and we need one more to leave before we can start the next challenge. The challenge two will begin when one person gets out. - Help, help! Stop. - Take it, take it and go. - Nice. I'm making out like a bandit, Pokimane. Can I take my jacket with me? - Of course. - Bye. Goodbye and then there is 45. I'm going to go prep the second challenge. I'll be back. And by prep, I mean sweep up the giant pile of a million real dollars scattered on the floor. - Yo, MrBeast sweeping money is a crazy shot. - MrBeast is literally wiping money off of a floor. I don't know what to tell you about this. - And now that all the money has been cleaned up, are you guys ready for the second challenge? Alright, I'm going to need you all to stand up. You'll notice there are dots in groups of five on the floor. So naturally, I need all of you to split up into groups of five. And on top of that, elect a team captain for your group, who will be granted immunity for this next challenge. That's all I will say. Have fun picking teams. - This is crazy. - We have to split into groups of five. If we're against each other, I'm going to be so sad. - Okay, so let's do us five. - We are in true overthinker fashion. Overthinking this challenge. - Are you five going to be a group? - Yeah. - Okay, who's going to be the captain? - We're deciding, Jimmy. - Have you picked a captain yet? - It's Jack. - For some reason. - Marques. - Marques? - How can you not trust Marques? He's the most trustworthy tech reviewer online. - You can pick the captain, please? - That's up to you guys. I want no say. How are you guys going to pick your captain? We already chose. - Who? Sketch, you trust him with your life? - I trust him. I trust him fully. - All right, you'll notice my henchmen are bringing in tables for each of the team captains. And what's on these tables might look a little familiar. - Oh no, I know what it is. - Yes, come on the other side. Captains, I want you to lift the cloth and reveal the next challenge. You have four cookies. - Oh, my god. - I'm freaking out. - And each captain has to decide which YouTuber on their team will cut each cookie. - Oh my... - If they break it, they're eliminated. - And if it wasn't already obvious, depending on which cookie you get, this is either going to be really easy or almost impossible. Niko, it's time to hand out some cookies. - This is the worst day of my life, honestly. - What are you handing Sketch? - No, there's no way. - There's no way you would do it. - I can do the star. - Oh, my goodness. - He killed it. - Wow. - Niko, his blood is on your hands. - Niko. - But the captains still had eight more umbrellas to hand out. - Umbrella is going to Michael. - How'd you end up with umbrella? - I said I could do it. - Give me that umbrella, sir. - Appreciate you. - Umbrella. - I took it for the team. - You're giving him the umbrella? - Fede. - I believe in you. Godspeed. Oh no, how'd you end up with the umbrella? - Bad luck. - You got it, you got it, you got it, you got it. - Lexi got the umbrella. - I got the umbrella. I'm confident. - It's a cruel world. - Bro. - Pokimane, I believe in you. You are her. This is your time. This is your moment. Let everyone know that you're that proud... - Start the timer. Alright the 10 minute counter has begun. If you don't carve the shape out, obviously you'll be eliminated. - I thought being team captain would mean I could do a challenge to help my team win. Turns out I skip the challenge and punished my team. - I got the triangle. - It tastes really good, though. - Easy peasy, 10 minutes is a long time. - And that's what I thought as well, but it took a solid chunk of time before this happened. - Yes, yes, yes! Come on Sketch! - But not everyone had it so easy. Like Logan Paul with the star and Pokimane with the hardest of them all. - It cracked down the middle. Pokimane, I'm sorry. - Because the umbrella had just obliterated Pokimane, the others took notice and were more cautious with their umbrellas. - Sketch, you have to be careful, yeah? Take your time. Take your time. - But the people with simpler shapes were showing a lot more progress. - Riku got the star, let's go. - Oh, my God, my team rules. - Come on, let's go, guys. Let's go. - Logan, that might be the most disgusting cookie out here. - Bro, you're making me do this, bro. I'm trying to win a million dollars for the Logang. - Nice, nice, nice. - Y'all got it boys. Good stuff. - I'm like shaking, man. - Yes, yes, Sketch. Yes, yes, yes. - My first fallen soldier. - No guys. - Done. - Oh, I got it. - Got it. - Ah! Oh, that's disgusting. I hate you, Jimmy. - All right, hey, wait. Hey, really quick, really quick. - I'm good. - Hey, that's where it's going to mess up. This is where people crack. - Oh no! - You did this. - Just heard a piece of change. - What happened? - He betrayed me. - Sketch, you trust him with your life? - I trust him. I trust him fully. - I'm really sorry - You gave the guy with the worst eyesight, with the worst hands the worst thing. - I'm sorry, brother. - And with that, the second challenge has eliminated Colby and Rugs, Michael Reeves, Fede, - It's okay, bro. - Ossy, - Thank you, thank you. - Lexi and Matpat. - Not again. - Right, again. The true million was the friends we made along the way, and that's no theory. Retirement begins. - He just bring retired. And we also lost Jschlatt, Pokimane and Mastu, and lastly, of course, Sketch. Thanks for coming up. - It's a pleasure, thank you so much. - Are you going to dab him up? - Later bro. Love y'all. - 11 people were eliminated, 34 of you remained, congrats. - You are an evil man, MrBeast. There was some beloved people that were taken. I'm happy they're gone, every single one of them because it means my odds are better. Now, the herd has been thinned and I'm going to win. - And while setting up the next challenge, I let the 34 remaining YouTubers entertain themselves. - We can play a game. How close can you get to that line, bro? - We can do that with bottle caps. - That's right, the device that entertains your favorite creators are bottle caps. - Oh, whoa. - Whoa. - Hey, watch this, watch this. - Not going to think about it. - Wow! - No way! Oh my God! No way! - It's him, he's him. - Lebron, Lebron. - All right, that's enough of that. For challenge three, I need you all in groups of two and duct tape your hands together. Be careful who you pick as your partner. - I was best man at his wedding. So, we're riding together. - All right, let's do it, Andrea. - Are we locking it in? - Hell yeah, I think we're locking in. - For some reason, everyone just paired up with their closest friends. - They think that they're going to be teammates. - Which, let's be honest, is not the best strategy in a MrBeast video. - Do we have to hold hands or am I just doing this? - You don't have to hold hands - Oh, sorry, sorry. - Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo. Yo, why am I with him, he's crazy! - Now that everyone has a partner, update the floor. Go ahead and bring it on in. Whoever you're duct taped to, we will cut you loose and you'll be going head-to-head in giant Jenga. - This is so stressful. - I hate Jenga. - No, we got this, we got this. - You've been laughing nonstop this whole time. So I think it makes sense for you to go first. The tape is off. Let's see who's going home. Oh, imagine it falls on the first one. Okay, he's not done until he puts the block on top. Now, obviously the plan for giant Jenga was to be a more extreme version of the game. But the tower was getting so tall, they couldn't even reach the top with the ladder. - Oh, that is the most rickety ladder I've seen in my life. - And because there was now a limit to how high the tower could go, eventually they would run out of possible moves. - This might be the final move right here. - That was literally the last possible block to pull. So JJ, you've ran out of luck. What are we doing here? - It's been a pleasure, bro. - Oh no. - No, surely not. - Savage. - An hour and a half Jenga game for that. - I'm speechless. I don't know what's going on. - He lost and then he took me out. That is insane. - I'm going to let you all vote if you think it was fair or not that JJ carried him out. Go to the right side if you think it's fair, go to the left if you think it isn't. - I wish there was more evil people on that side. - Not fair, not fair. - No fair man, no fair. - The people have spoken. With KSI out and AJ back in, 33 of you still remain. - You said that was fair? - Yeah, so that's a game. I'm about to... - I'm just saying, bro, that's the game. - Team Prime, we got this. Logan, smash this. - Because that last game took hours and I can't pull these YouTubers hostage forever, we pivoted to normal Jenga. I messed up. Pull your first block. - Let's do this. - Immediately the games began and we're moving quickly and soon, things started to get competitive. - There's no way. You're so crazy. - Oh yo. - Are you kidding me? - But suddenly something unexpected happened. Oh, what the? - Niko's got a great video idea, if he wins this. So I want him to go out there and actually give it a try. - Because of the way this challenge works, some of these creators accidentally paired themselves with their closest allies and therefore... - He was the best man at my wedding. He flew 27 hours to be here. - Were even willing to sacrifice themselves for their friends. - I'm going to cry, bro. - This is how the UK does it. You got to do it for your boys. - You got to be selfless, man. - You got to just say, you know what? Let them play. - By this point, the towers had gotten so big... She can't pull from the top two. Oh! That even breathing on them the wrong way would cause them to collapse, costing the loser subscribers $1 million. - No, that wasn't even close. - It's impossible. - That was fun. - It's done for me. Jenga got me. - Yep, wait, wait. - And upon elimination, after elimination. - Well played. - After elimination, we were coming down to the end of this challenge. - It hit me in the lip. I'm earning this million to fans. I mean, brother, you've got one move. Dude - No problem. - Logan, he flew here all the way from India and you eliminated him. - It was very fun, man. - What do you think about us passing T Series? - Whoever crosses, I think it's for the YouTube community. Whoever is the first needs to be respected. - I've been watching since 2014. - All right, you know what? - I am very happy - Oh, now I wish you would've won. The last tower standing was without a doubt, the most competitive game we had. Pull that bad boy. These two were at it for more than two hours longer than the rest of the YouTubers. - That's crazy. No, no, no. - You got it, yo. - No, no, no, no. - Challenge three is officially over. And with that, let's bring in the beds. Okay, everyone has beds. We'll see you in the morning for the fourth challenge. And that concludes the first 24 hours of this challenge. And I'm going to be honest, it's actually pretty crazy. All these YouTubers are just casually sleeping next to $1 million in cash. And by the end of this video, it could quite literally be yours. - Hey, yo. Good morning, Logang. What's popping? - Oh my God, that takes me back. I'm getting tingles, bro. - Ohayo. - Ohio? - It's good morning. - Time to lock in and do it for the subscribers. - Good morning. - I have a surprise for all of you. - Is it our families? - It's better than your families. - Oh, no. - And for those of you who don't know who my friend Speed is, he's one of the largest creators on the entire planet. And he was supposed to be here over 24 hours ago. However, Speed's plane just landed, he's ridiculously late. And I wanted to give you guys the option if you wanted to allow him in and play alongside one of your fellow creators? Or if you want him just to hop back on the plane and head out. It's up to you guys. - In this community, we're about inclusion and- - No, we're not. - No, we are not. - I will be pissed. - He knows nothing about life-size Jenga. - He hasn't suffered. - Oh, come on bro. Look at that mullet on him. - He's already barking, man. - I think it's time. Go on the left if you want him in. Go on the right if you don't. - We all do it together. - Get back on that plane. I have no idea what's going on. - All right, it's final. Speed, they don't want you here. - All right. - This won't be the last time you see him. - So you all going to get out. I remember all you all faces. - Should have thought about that. - Now we're doomed. - And with that, bring in the fourth challenge. - Is it just Speed again? - Bring them on in. - Deal or no deal. - Almost immediately, everyone began to pick up on what the next challenge was. - What do you think is in the briefcase? - Eliminated and staying boxes. - Bring out Howie Mendel, please. - And considering the last time we played this game, it was such a massive fan favorite, I knew we not only had to bring back the game, but also the face of the game one more time. - Howie, Howie, Howie. - Jimmy. - Bro, it's been a while. - Wow, it's like I'm live scrolling. - I need whoever has the most subscribers to come up here. Who has the most? - Don't even look at me. - Logan, I guess you have the most. Before I explain the rules, you have to pick a competitor. - I gotta go with you, Sam. I now need you to pick a briefcase. Any number. - I'll go with lucky number 11. - Seven of these briefcases say eliminated. The rest are safe. Logan is going to look inside the briefcase and then Sam is going to have to decide does he want to steal it or let Logan keep it. - In the classic game of Steal Or No Steal. - There you go, Howie's a natural. - He said the thing. - This case is not safe. - Oh, dang. - Do you trust what he's saying? - I don't. - I would steal. - Really? - Steal or no steal? - I'm going to go with steal. - You're going to steal it. Did Sam make the right choice? - I'm sorry, Sam. - The Sam and Colby channel is now officially eliminated. - And now that Logan's case has been stolen, he will continue to play until someone doesn't steal his case. Who do you want to go up against now? - Kai. What number do you want, Logan? - Lucky number seven. Let's go, Kai. - I want to make sure no one can see what's in this. - Kai, look at me. Also not safe. - Oh, not safe? - You think he's being honest? Let me tell you why. - Oh, didn't even ask him anything. - Growing up I've been watching Logan since he started YouTube. I know how he acts in certain situations. You can't fool me, bro. - You're that confident. - This briefcase, how you open this? It is... Safe. - He read Logan like a book. - My heart is racing so fast right now. Ludwig. - You want me, baby? - It's you, it's you. - For this one, Logan, because you said your heart was racing, do you mind putting on this Samsung Galaxy ring? - I don't mind. - I want to measure your heart rate. And Luddy, do you mind putting this ring on? - Yeah, no worries. - We'll be able to see it in real time. Yeah, that's right. We're going to use the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6 to track the player's heart rates as they try to bluff each other. Logan's 106 right now. Ludwig's 87. - Regardless of what I see in here, I'm going to ask you to keep this case. - Ludwig's getting a bit stressed. - I got a little stressed out when he started to do something to keep stuff. - Surely the best move here is just to let him have it. There's too much to guess. - I didn't even see it. Can I keep it? - What is happening in your own heart? - Karl, actually, what is happening there? - It's going crazy, I'm going to be honest. - It's at 103 right now, Howie. - Okay, this one word will change the life of a follower. - He's good. - He's doing the thing. - No steal. - Logan Paul is... - I'm ready, I'm ready. There's only one case for me. - I know, case 14. - We don't even have to look at it. I want it. I'm stealing it. I traveled 27 hours to be here. - Let's see if it was all for nothing. - Oh my God, oh my God. - There's your lucky case. - 27 hours. - It's nice seeing the eliminated cases go. - This is so heartbreaking. - Just don't hit a kangaroo on your way home. - I don't like you, Nolan. - And the brutality of these cases didn't stop there. No steal. Because the most brutal was yet to come. Oh my gosh. - I feel stabbed, I do. - Yeah, that was crazy. - I don't want to lie. - You don't want to look at her in the eyes when she opens it? - Oh god, it says eliminated. - I can't do this, it's too hard. - You think she's telling the truth? - I think she's acting. - Steal. - She's smiling. - What did she just do? Holy crap, her heart rate got up to 152. - She's a demon. - And even though she was lied to, Valkyrae wasn't afraid to start playing that game herself, with only two eliminates and three safes left. So now she has another chance to be deceptive. - What I just watched, I'm shocked. - Can't trust anyone anymore. - You look concerned. - Last time she was crying. Now, she's the happiest I've ever seen her. - It is safe. - So I ask you, steal or no steal? - I am going to steal. I'm going to let the audience react. - Three, two, one. - Oh my god. - She's good. - These are the four remaining contestants. Only two safes and two elimination remains. - I'll do it. - While she's grabbing her briefcase, Marques, what do you think of the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6? - Oh, it's convenient you picked me for this one. It looks pretty good. - Anyways, let's get back to this. - If you want to monitor your own heart rate and track your steps, check out the Samsung Galaxy ring and the Samsung Galaxy Z Flip 6. - Do you want what's in that case? - She wants it, she wants it. - I feel like the last two, it seemed like you pushed a safe pretty quickly and I don't think you'd do that three times in a row. - You read me like a book. - There is only one eliminated left. - You were my team captain. I trust you. - I got the last eliminated. - If they had trust, he would show her the case right now. - I don't think he's telling the truth. - Okay, no steal. - If this says eliminate, they both move on. Can you trust MKBHD? - He doesn't know how to lie. And these were the two that weren't chosen. Go ahead and open them. They both will be safe. And after that blood bath, these 10 are what remain and only one of them can win their subscribers the million dollar prize. - I don't feel good. - I can't do this, bro. I can't barely move, bro. - This is where the game kind of gets hard 'cause now we got to eliminate our new acquaintances and that kind of sucks. - It's now time for the fifth challenge. Switch the floor. There are five pairs of two dots. I once again, need you all to pair up in groups of two and this time, you'll be working together. - Do you want to do the risk? I'm down, I'm down. - We got this? - We got this. - Kai, you trust this man with a million bucks? - That's my brother. - I trust Kai. - Why you two? - The female bond. - You two have been getting along well? - Yeah, because all my friends are out and he speaks French. - All right, Karl, blindfold them all. - I'll see you on the other side. - I'll see you on the other... - It's dark here. - Now that everyone is blindfolded, bring in the set. - Hey bro, hey bro. - This room is being transformed right now. - I lean to my left, there is something hard. - What do you think's going on? - I smell a bit of gas. I touch it here, it's cloth. - Jimmy, is this an apron? - Hey, stop touching things. - I asked you. - All right, everybody, remove your blindfold. - Oh, my God. - As I'm sure you all pieced together, this is a team cooking challenge. - Let's go baby. Let's go baby. - I am terrified. I can't cook. - Bro, how'd you end up with Nick? - He said it. - I'm cooked. - You've cooked before? - No, I'm cooked - with this challenge. - Oh he's cooked. - The best things I cooked is eggs, toast and cereal. - We've been on a cooking team before, and we lost. - We have., we've been on a cooking team before - and we lost. - So you have some experience. - No, we did bad. - We did bad. - Just don't do that again. We will be bringing in three judges. They'll rate all your meals on a scale of one to 10. The three teams with the highest ratings move on, the two teams with the lowest ratings are eliminated. Bring out our first judge, Joey Chestnut. - No way, Joey. - What better man to judge your food than the literal best eater on the planet? He broke so many food world records that Guinness gave him world record of breaking the most world records. And now for our second judge, Miranda Cosgrove. - "iCarly"? - I'm losing my mind. - Kai was excited about that one. - I was excited, bro. - Our third and final judge, bring him on out. He needs no introduction, IShowSpeed. - We're screwed. - Watch this, that's all I got to say. - The time has officially started. You guys can cook anything you want. This time is going to go by way faster than you think. On top of that, your dish will be judged on taste, creativity and presentation. The race has begun. Let's see what they whip up. - In "iCarly", her older brother Spencer loved the spaghetti tacos. Spaghetti tacos with the... - What are you two making? - We are making a Cordon Bleu, which is a French dish. - Chocolate cake, some mac and cheese. - Okay? - That hurts, that hurts, that hurts, that hurts. - I'm trying to do a Spanish tortilla and he's trying to do fried rice. Clashing two countries together to make - A war? - A war in their mouth. - Oh my gosh, this looks good already. There's just onions and some spices. This man was mentored by Gordon Ramsey. So basically there's only four slots besides these two. - It's going to be so embarrassing if the two women get eliminated for cooking. No, it's not because women do more than cook. - So for dessert, we're making chocolate covered strawberries. - I'm really hungry, can't wait to eat. - And I hear her stomach is like - Get ready to put everything down. - Okay, okay, please, please, please. Oh, okay, it looks good. - Joey loves cheese? Yo, yo, yo, bro, you got to hold the sandwich. - A million dollars is riding on this. Three, two, one, stop what you're doing. The time is officially up. They're going first. - What we're eating tonight is a French Cordon Bleu. - I actually like this. - Yeah, the asparagus are good. - Whenever you judges are ready. - I'll start. - This was really good. - Whoa, whoa a nine. Whoa, whoa, these are high numbers. Whoa, your total score was 26. - Are you guys ready? - That was a little intimidating but... - Bring it on up. We wanted to go with a American comfort food. - I don't want to hype y'all up until I've tasted it. - But... I think this going to taste all right. - Really good mac and cheese. - Amazing. - Joey, when you're ready. - Joey. - It was delicious. I love them. - Speed, based on that reaction, I assume you're gonna give something lower? - Miranda, you go. - Nine. - Yes. Thank you. - Are you about to cry? Don't do this to me. - Hey, don't manipulate. - Don't, no. - Speed, vote based on the food. I need you to turn around. Speed, hey, hey, focus. - That's fair, that's fair. - That is also a 26. - You're tripping, bro, a 10? You can't just pass out 10 like that because you like to eat, bro. - There you go. - Welcome to Kai and AJ's - Ratatouille. - Bodega. - First thing's up, Miranda. - Oh yeah. - We have the famous, the one and only, Spencer's spaghetti tacos. - That's pretty creative. - That's pretty awesome. - AJ. - Yeah? - Who do we have in the middle? - IShowSpeed. Who is the best football player of all time? - Cristiano Ronaldo. - Ronaldo. Ronaldo pasta just for you. - Don't tell him too much. - Now listen. - Last but not least, Joey. Bring out the tower of records. - Records tower. - When you eat it, you can feel it. Oh my God. - I don't know guys. I don't think I'm going to finish this. - You're good, you're good. Are you hungry, you just came up a good stream. You busting that down, boy. - Bro, so good, bro. - Wait, wait, wait. Really? - Miranda. - It's a solid spaghetti taco. - I love the show, but at the end of the day, - it's about the food. - It's about the food. Okay, three, two, one, reveal it. There we go. All right, take it away. - We made a creamy chicken, tomato pasta. - This was a dessert inspired by my father. He's not here with us... like in this room, he's still very much alive. - Oh, dog. It's like exquisite, you know? There's like a lemon punching me. - There's the meat. - It's meat punching me. It's good, I don't wanna eat too much. - Yeah, here, I'll remove this fourth. - Got to say Feastables and strawberries taste amazing. - It's very good, right? - Yeah, you should go to Walmart and buy it right now, whoever's watching this. - I'll do it right after this. - I wanna eat more of it. - I really liked it, that's something that I'll order- - Speed not to cut you off, but that's officially above 16, which means these two have now been eliminated. Gentlemen, Miranda doesn't even need to vote. - You guys are gone. - I'm sorry, but it's over. All right, what was your rating? - 10. - A 10. Almost a perfect score. - Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, One time for the one time, please? It's been so long. - Wait, you just left. - What are you doing? What are you doing? - I couldn't resist throwing a plate. That was a complete mistake. I forgot all about the line. I saw the plate, I was like I need to smash it. It took me back to 2017- - Yeah, when you used to smash plates in your vlogs. - Don't! - Would it make you feel better if I let you promote Prime on your way out? - Sure. Prime the fastest growing beverage in history available at Walmart, Target. Oh, I'm shocked, but also not. I hope Jimmy invites me back. - When he first ran out, I was like, oh, that's funny. - You know what's crazy? Is this cube doesn't feel like the cube with the kitchen set up. - So I can see how maybe he was like- - With this table here too? - It feels so different. - Yeah, this setup is insane. - And now for the final meal. - This is a traditional Spanish tortilla. - Not bad. - Judges, are you ready to reveal it? - yes. - Three, two, one, reveal. - Okay, okay, okay, it's okay. - That adds up to 22, which means you two are eliminated. It's been a pleasure. - And with that, five contestants remain. Congratulations. One of you will win a million dollars for your subscribers. It's going to be crazy. - With a million dollars, I'm going to do a find me and win a bunch of money challenge. - I want to use a lot of it to donate as many meals as I possibly can. - We'll host Some really cool chess events for our subs. - I would really like to pay for a lot of people's like art degree. - I'd like to build schools in South Morocco. It could change a lot of lives. - The final five. - Yeah, baby. - When we started, here's what the cube looked like and now everyone literally fits in the money. Now, before we do the last challenge, if you all look over here, open the curtains. These are real play buttons made by YouTube. - Whoever wins, we will also give you every play button of everyone who competed in this tournament. - What? - What? That's crazy. - It's like when you collect the heads of people you killed. - Yeah, exactly. All right, bring in the final challenge. At the beginning of each round, everyone will start off blindfolded as I shuffle these five briefcases. Four have nothing in it, one has a million dollar check inside of it. Take your blindfolds off, come grab a briefcase and take them back to your podium. All right, everyone look inside your briefcase. And now that everyone knows what they have, everyone will cast a vote to eliminate one player from the game. If that player's case is empty, they're eliminated. If you guys happen to vote for the player with the money, the game is over and that YouTuber walks away with the million dollars This is a game of bluffing and how well you can read each other. Which one of you has the best poker face? Start the timer. One of you can win a million dollars in the next few minutes. - Right out the gate, I'm pretty confident it's one of these two. - The women? - Why? - Your facial expressions. - He's a little bit aggressive, no? - He's taking charge. Is he taking charge because he has $0 and he's scared to be voted off? - Could be. - This is tense. - I so far think she has the million, to be honest. - She's the most confident but trying to mask it. - She has the million. - Do you? - I have the million. - So you're saying you have the million dollars? - I have a million dollars. - I feel confident that you don't. - What makes you say that? - 'Cause I know she has zero and wants to stay in longer. - You think her briefcase says $0 and she's lying, so you won't vote for her. - She wants to make sure that she stays in another round, but it does not say a million. - Less than five minutes till you all have to decide. - If I didn't know what everybody had, I think it's best to vote as alliances. We were teammates, we were teammates, your teammate ran out. So the easiest thing would be to vote Nick out and then we all have a better chance, if I was playing with no information. - Okay, but you do have info. - So who do you want to vote? - You guys should vote me. - Then we should vote you? - I would like to win. - I think voting Alex is beast. I'm comfortable doing it. I know she doesn't have the million. - That's ballsy. - Everyone here has been very cool and so I'm going to play it by the game and she's lied in this game. If I've lied in the game, wouldn't someone else have also lied? - Yeah, but I know you've lied. - That's risky for the first game, no? - Yeah, you have to take some risks to win a million dollars. - If the risk is wrong, she wins it. You guys should go ahead and start writing down, who are you voting for? All right, let's see who you voted for. Our first vote is for Jaiden Animations. - I didn't even do anything. - That was out of left field. - That was surprising. - Our second vote is for Ludwig. Our third vote is for Amixem. Our fourth vote is Jaiden. - Dude, I didn't- - And the final vote is Ludwig. - Whoa, so it's a tie. - Since we have a tie, we're adding a minute on the timer. You three will get to hear them plead their cases, and then have to revote. Explain why they should or should not vote for you two. - I didn't think we were voting for me. - Well, you would've voted for yourself if you had the million. I think you voted for yourself. - That means Ludwig voted for himself. That means he has it, if this is true. - Who do you think I voted for? - I think you voted for him. - I voted for Ludwig. - Yeah, so did I. - I voted for Jaiden. - Jaiden, who did you vote for? - Him. - You voted for him? - Sorry, this is a no-brainer. - Wait, wait, then you said so did I. - All right, timer hit zero. It's now up to you three to break the tie. Our first vote, Ludwig. How does that make you feel? - Read the second one. - I want to know how that first one made you feel. - I would like for you to read the second. I think it's going to be good. - The second one is Jaiden. - Oh man, dude. - Shaking again. - The person who is opening up their briefcase If this says a million dollars, the video is over. If it says $0, we do another round. - It's been a pleasure, guys. It is not. - You went beast mode though. - I knew you bluffed. - Gg's. - With Ludwig now eliminated, he joined the rest of the fallen soldiers in our viewing room to watch the rest of the challenge. The second round starts once again with everyone blindfolded. We then reshuffled and the remaining players picked their briefcases. You guys know what to do. Start the 10-minute timer. - Jaiden, did you get a mill again? - But she said you had the million. - And she said she had zero. So everybody's lying, but there's three people who have zero who are going to need to work together to figure out who has a mill. - Did anybody see anything? Any body language? - You're the only one that gave different body language. - You were much more animated. - Do you have anything? - I have a suitcase. - You could also be trying to get the pressure off of you - to try to vote me out. - Absolutely. Absolutely. - I know it's not me. I don't think it's you. - So the million is here or here for you? - Yeah, most likely I think it's you. - You think he has it? - Our first real claim. You're saying he has the million dollar briefcase. - As of right now, I think he has the million dollar briefcase. - Who are you voting for? - It's valuable info. You vote for someone, they vote for themselves. It's two of the four votes. - I haven't decided. - I don't know, for me it's a 50/50 between you two. - Oh, I could vote for you, yeah. - Me? - Yeah, because that's just a matter of statistics, probability. - Like statistically I shouldn't have it again? - That's an interesting point. - All right, write who you want to open the briefcase. Up first, we have a vote for Jaiden. Our second vote is for Alex, one on one. Our third vote is also for Jaiden, and our fourth and final vote If this has a million dollars, you instantly win. - I think it does. - Oh my gosh. Oh, whoa. You are so chill. I was like, surely she's out. You are the winner. How do you plan on giving it away to your subscribers? - It's hard for a lot of artists out there. I just... I'd really like to send a lot of them to art school. - And there you have it, Jaiden Animations just won a million dollars for her subscribers. - You have to subscribe! - Subscribe! Hey, don't let them down. Do it right now. - Subscribe right now. - You need to subscribe. - I see you. Hit the subscribe button now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [533000 likes]: Thank you for 300,000,000 Subscribers!
  2. @SunnySingh-p4p1j: Jedan  ❤❤❤❤🎉
  3. @SunnySingh-p4p1j: Us ke pa's passed h
  4. @SunnySingh-p4p1j: Sir mujhe nem nehi Pata school kholne ke liye bola h
  5. @SunnySingh-p4p1j: School 🏫 very good 👍 ❤❤
  6. @SunnySingh-p4p1j: Very good 👍 😂😂😂😂😂❤❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @AliyaEm: Noo way I saw Lexi I am her big fan
  8. @EmilyNikolai-h7y: Noooooooii 17:57 NOOOO WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT 😭😭😭😭
  9. @AstridWright-h8c: amixem's aura is crazy
  10. @roanmisagal: speed is a final boss
  11. @NeonFalcon-k5j: Who noticed carryminati
  12. @SifaMulifi: Omaigat😮😮😮
  13. @Mina-Ashido23: Did that girl actually get the 1k
  14. @あば23: ふぁんです
  15. @AlessandraSilva-x7p: Respect to all the youtubers who flew from another country just to be there🫡
  16. @briansummers1064: And I sub
😊
  17. @briansummers1064: Hi Mr Beast I love you're voideo😊
  18. @valquiriahelena2021: Sou do Brasil como eu faço para participar do programa
  19. @tamekacooper1061: NICK
  20. @CelestiaLuna-v4i: You mean 999.000

- 50 Streamers Fight for $1,000,000: Kind: captions Language: en Style: ::cue(c.color000000) { color: rgb(0,0,0); } ::cue(c.color00BCE7) { color: rgb(0,188,231); ::cue(c.color00F9DA) { color: rgb(0,249,218); ::cue(c.color08F8DA) { color: rgb(8,248,218); ::cue(c.color0EB085) { color: rgb(14,176,133); ::cue(c.color11B086) { color: rgb(17,176,134); ::cue(c.color1367F9) { color: rgb(19,103,249); ::cue(c.color1391F9) { color: rgb(19,145,249); ::cue(c.color13F4F9) { color: rgb(19,244,249); ::cue(c.color13F9B8) { color: rgb(19,249,184); ::cue(c.color13F9D0) { color: rgb(19,249,208); ::cue(c.color15EADE) { color: rgb(21,234,222); ::cue(c.color1752EA) { color: rgb(23,82,234); ::cue(c.color1768EA) { color: rgb(23,104,234); ::cue(c.color1775EA) { color: rgb(23,117,234); ::cue(c.color17A4EA) { color: rgb(23,164,234); ::cue(c.color17EADE) { color: rgb(23,234,222); ::cue(c.color1CF218) { color: rgb(28,242,24); ::cue(c.color25F9E0) { color: rgb(37,249,224); ::cue(c.color30E5F2) { color: rgb(48,229,242); ::cue(c.color4568F2) { color: rgb(69,104,242); ::cue(c.color8830F2) { color: rgb(136,48,242); ::cue(c.color8B07CA) { color: rgb(139,7,202); ::cue(c.colorA0AAB4) { color: rgb(160,170,180); ::cue(c.colorA430F1) { color: rgb(164,48,241); ::cue(c.colorA430F2) { color: rgb(164,48,242); ::cue(c.colorAE3FF8) { color: rgb(174,63,248); ::cue(c.colorC94EFF) { color: rgb(201,78,255); ::cue(c.colorCCF913) { color: rgb(204,249,19); ::cue(c.colorD38AF4) { color: rgb(211,138,244); ::cue(c.colorD3F915) { color: rgb(211,249,21); ::cue(c.colorDC30F2) { color: rgb(220,48,242); ::cue(c.colorE64783) { color: rgb(230,71,131); ::cue(c.colorE64884) { color: rgb(230,72,132); ::cue(c.colorE6D501) { color: rgb(230,213,1); ::cue(c.colorE8F913) { color: rgb(232,249,19); ::cue(c.colorEA2F17) { color: rgb(234,47,23); ::cue(c.colorEA9617) { color: rgb(234,150,23); ::cue(c.colorEADB17) { color: rgb(234,219,23); ::cue(c.colorEB2E17) { color: rgb(235,46,23); ::cue(c.colorEC8EBB) { color: rgb(236,142,187); ::cue(c.colorED13F9) { color: rgb(237,19,249); ::cue(c.colorF23071) { color: rgb(242,48,113); ::cue(c.colorF2308D) { color: rgb(242,48,141); ::cue(c.colorF230B1) { color: rgb(242,48,177); ::cue(c.colorF230D8) { color: rgb(242,48,216); ::cue(c.colorF24E30) { color: rgb(242,78,48); ::cue(c.colorF26230) { color: rgb(242,98,48); ::cue(c.colorF27130) { color: rgb(242,113,48); ::cue(c.colorF2B130) { color: rgb(242,177,48); ::cue(c.colorF4628E) { color: rgb(244,98,142); ::cue(c.colorF801EB) { color: rgb(248,1,235); ::cue(c.colorF814ED) { color: rgb(248,20,237); ::cue(c.colorF913BF) { color: rgb(249,19,191); ::cue(c.colorF913EE) { color: rgb(249,19,238); ::cue(c.colorF92413) { color: rgb(249,36,19); ::cue(c.colorF9252C) { color: rgb(249,37,44); ::cue(c.colorF9253D) { color: rgb(249,37,61); ::cue(c.colorF9257E) { color: rgb(249,37,126); ::cue(c.colorF9259C) { color: rgb(249,37,156); ::cue(c.colorF94513) { color: rgb(249,69,19); ::cue(c.colorF95C13) { color: rgb(249,92,19); ::cue(c.colorF97D13) { color: rgb(249,125,19); ::cue(c.colorF9A813) { color: rgb(249,168,19); ::cue(c.colorF9BF13) { color: rgb(249,191,19); ::cue(c.colorF9D53B) { color: rgb(249,213,59); ::cue(c.colorF9D713) { color: rgb(249,215,19); ::cue(c.colorF9F313) { color: rgb(249,243,19); ::cue(c.colorFF4542) { color: rgb(255,69,66); ::cue(c.colorFF5E5B) { color: rgb(255,94,91); ::cue(c.colorFF9500) { color: rgb(255,149,0); ::cue(c.colorFFD93D) { color: rgb(255,217,61); ::cue(c.colorFFDD4E) { color: rgb(255,221,78); ## I just trapped fifty of the BIGGEST streamers in this cube, and whoever leaves last wins that million dollars. These are the biggest streamers in the universe, and the last one of them to leave wins it all. We're locked in together. All right? Do we have like a Spanish alliance going? Yeah. It's a power of friendship. Yeah! I think it's all about strategy here. Me? I'm willing to do anything. Yeah? You want me to get on the floor and start twerking, I'll do it. Yes. I don't. Just saying If you want me to, I'll do it. I really don't want you to. He will really do it though. Nothing to do in a cube, and I'm about to go crazy. These streamers… all they know how to do is go live. They're lazyyyy. I do feel like the IQ is a little lower, to be honest. WOOO! It's dropped a lot. Ha ha! I'm curious how you're gonna switch it up. Play the clips. Hey, kill someone. Stop being scared. BRO!! There's no way! Hey, unload the clip on him. Your music is trash, buddy. You're gonna make me cry. But it hasn't happened yet, so they don't know. All right, it's time for the first challenge. What is it? Oooohhhhh! On this wall is a photo of each of you. NOO! OHHH... Back up behind the purple line. WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA! Oh, my God. No. You all are gonna get one paintball shot. And all you have to do is shoot the photo of the streamer that you HATE the most. Wait? What? Paintball guns? Paintball, yeah. No waayy... After all fifty of you fire, the five targets hit the most will be eliminated. Ohh my goddddd! Let's GOOO! Step over the line if you wanna shoot first. OH! All right. Sketch did. Come on up. Who do I shoot first? No, you shoot that way. Sketch, which of the streamers would you like to eliminate? Wait-- He missed? He missed! HA HA! I'm a nice guy. Who's next? Yeah, give me a shot! Ludwig! Let's see who Ludwig shoots. I'M SORRY! OHHHHH!! OHHHHHHHHH..... But you're not a streamer. Yeah, that's the CEO of Twitch. You're about to get banned, bruh! Hey, hey. I'll take the ban. I'll take that. Who wants to shoot next? Excuse me. Excuse me. Come on, man. Let's go. OHHHHHH! Bro, you gotta get revenge, man. Who are you aiming for? Ludwig, of course. Dan, no! Ludwig? Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan… Can I bring up something real quick? Yeah. You're gonna miss, old man. Ooohhh! Ohhh... OHHH! He missed. YESSSS! I'm an easy target. I know that was on purpose. Someone's gonna accidentally get shot and it's gonna snowball. Arky, come on up. And the brutality continued. Arky! They began targeting other streamers. Oohhh! Oh… That's so mean! It was an accident! And the streamers fought right back. That's fair! And just like that, the least-liked streamers are starting to reveal themselves. Three people are on the chopping block. I think we shoot whoever shoots us. It looks like people are aiming at whoever aimed for them. I'll shoot someone. All right, Rage! Whoaaaaa! Ohhhh, my God! I don't want to take anyone out. Is that ok? That's fine. Yeah. Oh! Wait, it hit Arky! It hit Arky! Oh, it did! No way! Poki, why meeeee? I aimed for the ground. Well, aside from that, the streamers targeted people they thought were the biggest threat. Oh, Marlon, clap back. Clap! Back! Defend your aura. Did you just shoot yourself? He shot himself. You're a hero, Marlon! You're him! You're him! They even started targeting people that already had points... I had to play it safe. I can't make enemies out here. in order to decrease the likelihood of themselves getting eliminated. Oh! Trick shot. Ohhhh! OHHHHHHHH..... But not everybody has a perfect aim. You're gonna miss. Oh, yeah. You missed. You missed! No, I didn't miss. Yeah, you did! HA HA HA HA HA! Oh, no, I missed. Oh! xQc! Hey! Hey! Now, we're really finna get you out. And thanks to xQc's outburst, the five most targeted streamers finally revealed themselves. Change the lights red! You five are now eliminated. Bye-bye, have a good night. Buh-bye! But before he left... Bye-bye! xQc had something to say to the streamers. You're going homeeee! You're going home! All right, all right, all right. Are you guys ready for the second game? Here we go! All right, boys. Lock in. Lock in! Change the floor! Whoa! Whoa! What is this? Come on, baby. Bring out the Lamborghini! Wish! WOWWW! What? One of you is about to win this Lamborghini for your viewers! [cheering] But here's the thing, this next game is optional. Whoever volunteers to play this game will be blindfolded while they hold their hand on this Lambo. And takes it off closest to ten minutes will win it, and literally go live in this cube and give it away to one of your viewers. Everyone else who places their hand on and loses the challenge, Oh, my God! Ok, if you want to compete for this Lamborghini, step inside the circle in the next two minutes. That's a good deal. Bro, you get an easy stream. No. I'm afraid. I'm afraid. I will step in. Y'all going against Sketch. Forty-eight seconds. I'm thinking about the clips. Get in there! Thirty-three seconds! Oohhhh! Whoooaaa! TEN! Nine! How long is ten minutes? ...One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mi-- I don't know. Just do it! Five, four, three, two... Neon! Only four people entered the circle. Let's see who wins the Lambo. I'm gonna start the timer in three... two... one.... The rest is on you. It's gonna be the longest ten minutes for them. Everyone is locked in on this game. They are focused on playing. But just like the paintball game, chaos was about to take over. I, I think that's time, guys. You're good. Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen. Thirty, eighty, sixty. Twenty, twenty, ten. 7:37, y'all. Two minutes. Two minutes. Five minutes. Five minutes. Twenty seconds. Seven minutes. Whheeww! Five, four, three... Three minutes. Six minutes, y'all. Six minutes, y'all. Time is ticking. One is literally gonna give away this Lamborghini in the next ten minutes. Three of them are about to go home. Sketch is stressing, hehh! Come on, Sketch! Oh! All right, we have our first person to take their hand off. Am I cooked? It's been like five minutes. No way. I lost. How?! Because when other streamers are sabotaging you, it's almost impossible to focus. Oh, hey, hey! hey! Sketch! Sketch! Bro, what?! But they didn't realize at the time that the last two players had a different strategy. They had allies who were tracking the time on their vlog cameras the entire game. She's got somebody. He's got somebody. It's good strategy. Yeah. That's fair. Yeah. That is the lamest way to lose a game. At nine minutes, I'm going over there and I'm sabotaging. This is gonna come down to literal milliseconds. Yo, play defense. Play defense. Hold on, she's not-- she's not cheating though? This is called comms. Yeah, it's called comms, for sure. 9:13, 9:36, 9:37. Eight! Aaahhhh! AaaaAAAhhHHHHH! AHHHH! [chaotic screaming] Wait! Wait! He won! He won! He won! Come on. They did it at the same time. They did it at the same time. They did at the same time! We got the cameras here. Her hand came off first. His hand came off five frames later, which was closer to ten minutes. Rebeu, you won! YEAAHHHH!! By five frames, Rebeu got the dub. I would like to say that I'm disappointed. I think I have brain damage. How was I so bad? You should've made a friend. Bro, I tried. I didn't know I could cheat... Bro, I love cheating. You three have been eliminated. I'm gonna cry. I'm actually gonna cry. Take it home, Andrea! French streamer Rebeu won. And he's about to give of you this Lambo. Write on the chats, guys. [in French] Yeah, Yeah, Yeah He's been following you for 6 years Mr. Zou, M-R-Z-O-U, you win the Lamborghini. YEAHHH! You just won a brand-new Lamborghini. And even though I just gave away a Lamborghini, one of these streamers will be winning one MILLION dollars. That's a lot of moneyyyyyy. To give away on their livestream to viewers like you. And if you aren't already subscribed, we're super close to hitting half a billion subscribers. I think my viewers would be happy to know that I didn't fight for them today. Jimmy said the next game is gonna be brutal. All right. It's time for the next challenge. You will decide if you wanna play a video game or a sports game. Ten people from each side will move on, meaning over half of you Rubius, if you step in this video game-- All right, it's locked in. Haha, I'm not going there. Hah! Ok? Sports? You four believe in your athletic ability? Go sports! I'm just not a gamer. Five? A lot of gamers over here. You guys didn't wanna try the sports? I know my strengths. And it's not that. I think I'm a top ten gamer in this room. Lacy.... I really do. Lacy... I'm great at both, so I'm actually choosing who I want to eliminate less. We went gaming. We went gaming. DDG, you're last. Oookay! We're gonna kick things off by playing the sports game first. Are you ready?! Woo! Dude, I'm scared, bro. Reveal the sport they're playing. Awwww! Crossbar challenges. And-- reveal the goalie! One of the greatest soccer players in the world, and Ronaldo's biggest rival... Speed! I should've known! Oh! If you score, you move on. But if you don't score, you miss or he stops the ball, you're eliminated. I'll give you guys a second to strategize. But while they were strategizing... ...this happened. Wait! Ludwig, you left! Ludwig! Ludwig! Awwwww... WHAT!! You left the cube. The only rule is don't leave the cube. I didn't even get to stop your goal. Ay, we have our first of ten eliminations. What is WRONG with you? I got excited! I wanted to say hi to Speed, he's my favorite streamer! That is a CRAZY way to get out. Is there anyone who wants to shoot first? I'm going, I'm going, I'm going. You know I'm gonna save it, right? No, I don't think so. You don't think so? You wanna bet? Maybe, maybe, maybe. Ohhhhh! He did it! Oh, that was impressive. Ey, that's how you do it! That was silly. Who wants to go second? You wanna shoot? I got you nervous, man. I'm stopping this goal, baby. You're missing, bro. You're out. You're out of the video, bro. Yeah, Amine, Amine, Amineeeee! Aghh! Get! Out! Speed is too good. All he does is soccer. He loves soccer. Bye-byeee! The door's that way. Thank you for the invitation. It was crazy. No problem. Thank you. Anyone wanna put their fate in their own hands? Hide, hide, hide, hide, hide, hide, hide, hide, hide, hide. No, we all can't hide back here. We all can't hide. Go, go, go, go, go! They see us. They see us. HEYY! Hey, you can't hide behind the briefcase. They say we can't hide. I laugh at this. This is a joke. Since no one wants to go, I'm gonna draw a name out. The person who's going is Andrea Botez. I've never kicked a soccer ball in my life. This is my out. Take care. You're going downnnnn! Maya? I'm so scared of Speed, man. I'm so scared of Speed. Bye, Maya. I'll go. Frick! Steak got cooked. Let's go, man! Ohhhhh… Byeeeee, Agent! Whoa… Ahhh! Act like it's Call of Duty. Oh, no! Ohhh! What the... Wendy? No. Oh, my god. Are you right foot or left footed? Right. You either go side or right here as fast as you can. Okay... Ah ha! She did it! Wendy kicked it before Speed walked back to the goal. Yeah, that counts! YAY! She big-brained it. It's not happening again. We only need one more elimination. NickEh30. Who's one of the most popular Fortnite streamers in the world. Ughhh! Okay, okay. Why did you not choose video games? I thought it was gonna be, like, a push-up contest or something. So-- But we said it's a sport! I was ready to be athletic, ya know? Okay. Not on soccer, though. Or football. If he misses, that's it. They all move on. Nick! Nick! Nick! Ooooh! Yeeeaahhhh! [streamers cheering] Never back down this fight! I thought that was goin' out. That was a good goal! Thanks, Speed. This could be the last elimination. Ray! Awww! Batter up. Batter up! If he misses, all of you move on. YEAAHHH! I mean, I mean! Ohhhh! What do you mean? Are you sad or happy that he's out? I'm so sad! Nahh, yoooo. Yo, I'm sorry, brah. I hope y'all lose the last round. NO!! I... No! We love you, bro. I hope you are losing. You know what I mean? No, Ray. Hahaaa! Ha, no! Noo! Thank you, bro. Thank you, y'all. Take care, Ray. Congratulations, you ten are moving on! Wooo!! It's time to eliminate 60% of these people. Wah hah hah What video game do you think we're about to play? Oh, my God. Rocket League. Pac-Man! Did any of you say... Fortnite? Yo, actually? Whaaaat? They're playing Fortnite. I was a Fortnite pro. Wait. Wait. You think I can do it? We're gonna be doing a Battle Royale. Bring in all the computers. It's time for the video game challenge. WOOOOO!! We chose this game because Fortnite made streaming what it is today, and launched multiple of your careers. So you're going to play until twelve of you are eliminated. Everyone understand? Yes! All right, start the match. Here we go. Fortnite begins by the streamers dropping into the map. I'm dropping now. I'm dropping now. Instantly, all the best players teamed up, including Tfue, a legendary player that's one of the best in the world. And their first objective was to get in a plane. Whoohooo! But on the other side of the map, another group was forming. I'm scaaared. But some players had a different strategy. I'm scared. We're looking for y'all. You guys' strategy is to sit in a plane, not go fight 'em, man-to-man, mano-a-mano? Nah, no, we're not. No, we will. We're letting the suspense build up. This might be the quietest of all games, because everyone is dead focused on the game. I am shocked. I thought for sure people would be out by now. I think as the zones get smaller and smaller, it's gonna get intense quick. Oh, yeah. Because in Fortnite, if you get caught in the shrinking storm, you'll take damage which could eliminate you, causing players to make rookie mistakes. I died from falling off a cliff! Noooooo! I died! Noooooooo! Wait, Emily. Aw, dang it. It's ok. And because the storm is closing in, players started running into each other. Nooooo! Ah! You got Poki! Poki! Oh. My. God. Ooh, it's-- Ooh, it's bad, ooh, it's bad. Watch out! You started attacking me first. All right, three eliminations down. You guys dropped all at the same time. The circle continues to get smaller, leaving only nine eliminations to go. And while some players are successful at avoiding combat, others are not so lucky. Huuuhh?! Five eliminations remain. It's getting crazy! While the most feared players are.... flying in a plane, the quickly closing storm makes it difficult not only for the less experienced players, but it causes even the best players to make mistakes. Don't throw nades, don't throw nades. Yo, I'm not on the plane anymore. Ohhh, ohhh! One spot left! Who's it gonna be? One more! Guys, only one more player needs to be eliminated. Remember, one million dollars is on the line. Whoa! It was Tfue! No! No, bro, Tfue got out! There's no way we lose in Fortnite! Yo! Bro, you two are Fortnite pro players. Duuuude... I can't believe I lost at Fortnite! That's gonna haunt me forever. On a scale of one to ten, how sad are you? Like, a nine. Yeahhhh... Wooow... Please say goodbye to our eliminated comrades. Bye, all! You all may leave. Byyyee! Noooo! NOOOO! And with that, welcome to the Top 20! WOOOO!! I rate it. I rate it. You guys ready for the next game? Yeahhhhh! Okay! I need the twenty of you to split up into teams of four, two of which will be eliminated. Now that all five teams have been selected... this is my favorite game of the video. Bring out the podiums. Everyone, please stand on top of your boxes. Wait, what? You guys will be going first. Throw up the shapes. In this next game, these shapes will appear randomly on the floor and you now have ten seconds to remember where they are. And star is for everyone, okay? All right, they're gone. Spin the wheel. All right, let's see what it lands on. Their shape is square. Go, go, go! Square, square. So because they got square, they now have to go where they THINK the square was... and fit inside as a team. What do you think? We are confident. We are in it together. Reveal it! Oh.... So because their team only had one streamer in the square, they get... one point. One point? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And the two teams with the least amount of points are eliminated. Are you four ready? Reveal the pattern! The number to beat is one. Can they beat it? We just gotta be grouped up together. Yeah, we gotta be, like, close. But remember-- remember your shape, bro, and just remember that spot. These-- Oh. Star, go! Star, star. All right, they gotta do star. I'm not gonna lie, this is the hardest shape. This is, uh, the center right here, the center. The center? Okay. The center right here. No it ain't. Ooh, that-- Ah, I don't think that's it. Wait, you think we should scoot over? I don't think that's it, guys. Got it, Jason? I think I did, but that's the hardest shape, bro. Tell me when you're ready. I think-- I-- Nah, I think we're good. You want me to reveal it? He's out, he's out! He's not in. He's not in. No. Not in. Not in. How much? How much? Two points. Bro, the star's... That's so hard. I ain't gonna lie that was perfect formation, though. You can't get that wrong. 'Ey, but we got more than them. You did get more than them. Shut your mouth. But, Jason, two teams are going home. S**T It's okay. Let's just-- Let's just hope for the best. You're fine. Who's in this? Nobody. No one gets one, bro. There's nobody Yeah, if someone gets one, we're safe. All right. Reveal the shapes. Not only is it difficult to remember the location of these shapes... Star, star, star. but with a million dollars on the line... Square, square, square, square... your competitors will do anything to throw you off. Oh, diamond, diamond, diamond! All right, diamond. Diamond, diamond. Diamond! All right, diamond. Diamooooond! [in Spanish] Okay, okay, okay. Stand right here That left foot's off, bud. Move your feet back this way. How do you feel? You guys feel good? Oh, yeah, I'm perfect. I'm perfect. Do you want me to reveal it? Yes, please. Okay. Reveal the diamond! [in Spanish] Don't look, don't look. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, two points. Okay, okay. Two points, that's good. Okay, amazing. Oooooof... If you score more than two, you are guaranteed. No, no, no. That's pretty hard. It's prety hard He's got. He's got... Square, circle. Square, circle. Yes. Oh, yeah. Yes. No, no, no, no. Hey, look, look, look, look. Square! Square, square, square, square. Dude, I'm in the middle. I am in the middle. I'm in the middle. I'm in the middle. Who picked this spot? Tyler! Tyler. So if you're not in, it's Tyler's fault. Absolutely. Come on! It's the wrong one. Ooooh! Oh! Two points. Two of you are out. Tyler said verbatim, "I'm in the middle." I am in the middle. I-- I am in the middle. My toes were in the middle. Dude, your toes weren't even in the middle. My big-- My... Yeah, they were, bro. Yeah they were, bro. Yeah, they were-- got us where we need to be. I can take two. It doesn't matter. I'll also help with the two. Rage! Rage! Don't lose focus here, baby! Rage! They are locked in. What is their shape? Triangle! Okay. It's right here. This is the middle. This is the middle. How confident are you that you're in it? I'm not confident. This is my-- Girl, shh! You're not confident? How are you not confident? We're trusting in you, Wendy. You got this! So, Wendy, you memorized the triangle for the team. Do you think you're about to win? No. I don't think so. No. Wendy! What? I would not want to be on her team. Oooohh! Let me know if you want me to reveal it. Just go. Reveal. Reveal the shape! Oh, they got... they got two points! Two points! No! Tiebreaker. Tiebreaker. So, every team scored two points but... yours. What does that mean? Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Hah-- it means you guys are eliminated. Can you translate to French, "You're eliminated," for them? Can, can you translate to… Jimmy, Thank you for everything, man. Aww. Thanks for coming out. Thank you, brother. Yeah. Yeah, he at least won a Lambo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you, bro. Thank you. It's a pleasure. Thanks, Jimmy. Thanks for now, boys. Sorry it didn't work out. It's the end. End of the trip. Done! Now, we're gonna run it back for a tiebreaker. Switch the lights back! The game continues! Reveal the floor. Star, star, star, star! Here! Right here? Make sure you get it. That's like... that's definite. Oh, they're, they're taking longer. You can put your feet, like, parallel. It don't gotta be straight. Oh, you're readjusting constantly. Reveal it. Whoa! That's all four! Yeeeaahhh! Yeahhh! Now that they have a perfect score, the team going home is probably one of you three. Circle. Circle, circle, circle, circle. Here. Right here. Are you sure this is not the b-- I'm in the middle. I'm in the middle. Tyler will never lead you astray. Tyler, we got this. All right, let's see if they're in. Ohhhhhh! You guys scored zero points! Zero! Ugghhh... Bro, you got your two little Mickey Mouse ones right in front of you. I got a square and a circle over here. All you have to do now is score one point. Reveal the shapes! Circle, circle, circle! [in Spanish] IIbai, Ibai, it's you, it's you. IIbai, Ibai, it's you, it's you. [in Spanish] Come on, Ibai. You're the GOAT. Like this? Like this? Like this? One point, please. One point. One point! Oh, my god. OOOHHH!! There's only one team that still has to go. They just have to score one point. We just need one. We just need one. Rakai, count to three for me, bud. It'll be diamond. Star, star, star, star. TRIANGLE! You can now not remember! Spin! That! Wheeeeeel! There's no way Jason got it. Hey, hey. Right there! Right- stop! Yeah, yeah. You're good. Wait, you guys-- They're helping. You're dead in the middle. What is this? What is this? You're gonna trust Rage? Hey! Bye-bye! Joke's on you. Star was right there. I, I haven't even revealed it. Reveal it, Beast! Come on. Somehow, somehow, somehow. Chris is out of the star! Two of you are in, and none of Tyler's team was in. You win and they're gone. Aha! Aha! Go play Fortnite! Ahhh!! Let's go, baby! Let's go, baby! Yes! Yes! Yes! Mickey Mouse club! Yoooo! Come on, boy! Can the losers please step forward? Well, we backed down and we gave up. I absolutely blew it. It's my fault. It's a team game. It is what it is. We're out. Congratulations on making the Top 12. Yayyy! To celebrate, we're gonna have a slumber party. Bring in the beds. The next game will be in the morning. If it's the last three of us, I'm gonna-- I'm gonna try to win. All right? No, because you said you were gonna eliminate me three different times. I was trolling. All my teammates are gone. All my AMP brothers gone. I need a couple of TikTok scrolls before bed. Let's crank the AC down a little bit, too. I'm trying to get cozy. Hah-- Rakai's tempted. Rakai, don't do it, yo. You came this far. Don't do it. Don't do it. Stop. You think that's funny? Ha ha ha ha! Think of, like, we roll the clip, bro, and Rakai touched the red line. Ha ha ha! Twelve of us left. The beds are gone. Let's see how today ends, yo. Good morning, everybody! Good morning! Let's go! You guys wanna get more people out or just hang out? Hang out. Hang out? Okay, that's fine. We can just play... Wait, wait, wait-- No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Jimmy! Ji-- Haaa ha ha ha! Oh, what are you guys, like, streamers? Do you have lives you have to get back to? Ah, okay, okay. I need to check my phone! All right, change the floor! What's this? Last one to leave the circle. Another Lamborghini. No. Chandler, come on in. Last to touch Chandler? Chandler, please put on this blindfold. *GASP* Oh, nooooo. Whaaat? No, no, no, no. Majd, bring it on out! Dodgeball. Chandler's gonna throw it, and... Oh! Listen, hit all the girls. We have Chandler blindfolded, we have dodgeballs, and there's one more missing piece. What? What else? What else? What, skates? I don't know how to skate. You guys are gonna have squeaky chickens on your feet and cowbells around your neck. Ha haaaa! And the first four of you Chandler hits Yo, that's INSANE. Ha ha ha! We got designer shoes for each of you and a cowbell. This is a CRAZY game. If this is how I go out, it'll be a sad day. Oh, my God, I'm scared. If me and him go out like this, bro... That's the worst way to go out. Worst way to go out. Ok, the plan is to stay in the corners. I've played these games before. Chandler! Are you ready? I'm ready. First four hit will be eliminated. Chandler, have at it. Ohhh! Oh! Aha haa! Oh, he one-shotted! What happened? Who did I get? Why did you get somebody with good aimmmmm? I feel like I'm going insane hearing all these chickens. This is crazy. It was so loud a second ago. No one is making a sound. It is dead quiet in the room. Nobody's moving, huh? You guys can tell on each other, bro. Tell me where they are. Dude, I-- Nobody's moving. I'm-- Oh! That was me, Chandler. I-- Bro, I heard the chicken. I mean, if you start throwing... Is anyone in this corner? Dang. I swear, I heard somebody. So close. Haa ha ha ha! There's people in this corner, I know. They're gonna have to make a run for it. Ohhhh! Yonna! I'm so sorry. That's two of the four eliminations. Is there anybody laying down? Call them out. Nooo! I'm out. Wendy, no. That's three eliminations, Wendy. Chandler, you're a monster. Hey, y'all gotta stop running around. Ha ha ha ha ha! Yonna, Wendy, and Chris all just got out. Next person to get hit is the last one out. Chandler, it's on you. [chewing] I-- Did I just hear somebody right here? I'm gonna hit you. You, right here. He's got a chase. He's on the hunt. He's on the hunt! Oh - ha! Ha ha ha ha. Ah, this is intense. You're right there. He's dialing in. Ughh! [cow bells jingling aggressively] Oohhhhh!! HEY! AHHH! You're a demon! You're a demon! Abraham! Rakai baited you! Ah. The problem was, he grabbed me. And with that, we have our final eight. Yeeeaahhhh! Let's go! Almost time to give away a million dollars. How are we still here? I don't know. I don't know what's happening. You are a crazy dude. I was crazy all game. This is where I got eliminated on the last game. Let's see if you can break the streak. Only sleep five hours, but I'm ok, because it's one million, so it's ok. If I get the money, I will obviously give it to my community. I can pay for some of my community's college tuitions. I'mma spread it out. I'mma share the wealth. I'mma share the love. Before we play the next game, it's time to announce that Feastables just collaborated with The Super Mario Galaxy Movie to release three brand-new products. Wait, these are so fireeee. I love Super Mario Galaxy. And I love Feastables. These are literally Yoshi's eggs. So Yoshi laid this? Yoshi laid that egg. It has peanut butter on the inside. All my life, I never had candy like this, but I love it. Ok, can I get the gummies? These gummies are so good, bro. These gummies are good. We love Feastables. Kroger, 7-11, Five Below, Walmart is where you can buy these products. Go give them a try. They taste amazing. One, two, three. Go! Wham. Feastables! Feastables! To be in the Top 8 with all these huge creators is insane. It's either us or them. And we're picking us every time. Why you keeping away from me? No, 'cause you're bad energy, bro. Ahhhh! Ha ha. You're bad energy. People just don't like you, 'cause your reputation's all, like, "Yeah, nah. We're not doing all this." Am I one of the most hated person, bro? Ah, you up there. If I have a chance, I'm getting him out. He needs to leave. Can I have the eight remaining streamers over here? Change the floor. We'll play hopscotch. Stand on one of these dots. The order does not matter, just stand on one. I'm gonna let you pick the next game. Cut the lights! I'm kinda... I'm kinda nervous. Ok, you can open your eyes. What the heckkkk? What's going on? You all will decide what this game is. What?! Since you all are creators yourselves, Shopify wanted to give you guys all the toys and games you need to create your own one-v-one challenges. But, no matter what, four people must be eliminated. Okay, okay, okay. So which games will you choose? Basketball. No, no, no, no, no.Not that. Nooo, nooo, no. Pingpong or this? I don't play sports. You've got plenty of choices, because Shopify hooked you guys up with tons of different items. Connect four? I wanna give a massive shout-out to Shopify for empowering entrepreneurs to grow their businesses. A huge reason I'm even able to sell Feastables is because of Shopify. They got Sorry, Twister… Ey, ey, ey. Twister would be cinema. They're about to land on a game. And you're about to land on your dream business. Shopify has all the tools you need to turn your dream a reality. Go to Shopify.com/MrBeast, to turn that idea you've always had into a real business. Ey everyone, come over here. It's time to pick a game. Gather around me. Rubius, who are you going against? Ibai. Basketball, but far away throw. First to make? Yeah, first to make. What do you guys wanna do? Every shot is one point. Chandler calls fouls. Chandler's decisions are final. He wants to do the same thing as them. This, but far away. Me and Ski are doing Connect Four. Let's start the games. They have been decided. Good luck. Let's go, guys. One of them is about to be eliminated Let's see who it is. If you've never played this game, Ha ha ha ha... the way you win is to get four in a row. It's literally that simple. If she loses this game, she's out after all this time. Then it all comes down to where does she slide that little blue circle. Yo, her heart is racing. So much riding on Connect Four. She almost had it, but he blocked her. You did it! Wait, I didn't see it. Ha ha! Ha ha! I didn't see it. I was confused. I thought she had it. Winner, winner... You have advanced. Mari, I am so sorry. You're gonna make me cry now. Awwww… It's ok. It's fine. It's fine. Ahh... It was an experience. We love you, Mari. Womp, womp, womp, womp. Cry about it. And with that, seven remain. Let's do the basketball game. The first one to make a shot from this line and that goal will move on. Rage! COME ON! First shot. Bro, are you clutch? Heeeyyyy! Oooohhh! Have you ever played basketball before? It's the first time in my life. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Oh. Ah, I was about to say. OOHH! Come on, Rage. OH! OH! OHH! Oh! I thought that was backboard. That looked good. Too strong. I've been in the gym too much. Yeah, you're so so strong, bro. With Rage getting closer, Grefg turned to a different strategy. Oh, you want my good luck? Oh. Oh... Well, all right… If this works... No! Do I wash this hand? Ohhh! It almost worked! Oh, now he's doing it. Oh... Ok. [inhales] [exhales] Oohh! Ahh! Yo! We did it. Let's go! Your hands. Ooh, this hands. Who's hands? I'm gonna kiss his hand from now on! Good try, though. Thanks for coming out. Next up, Rubius versus Ibai. One-handed shots only. Oh! Oh, my God. Oh my God! That shouldn't have worked as well as it did. It is not easy to make a basket from this far away. You wanna try one? This all you have to do. Ooh! Oh my God! Oh my! AAHH! Dude! Oh my God! That's literally it. That was first try. I swear on my life. Are you aura farming over there? HA HA HA HA! Yeah, like that. [in Spanish] Let's go, let's go, let's go! Aaghhh! Ahh. But-- but in the goal. Oh! Let's goooo! Oh, he did it. What do you want to say to the Spanish community watching? Bye, guys! GGs, soldier. Bye, bye, Ibai! And it's time for the most intense game. This is an even matchup, I feel like. Do you think you're gonna squash him? Yes, obviously. One-on-one basketball. First to score seven points wins, and moves on to the Top Four. Yo, he's pushing! I'm not pushing. He's literally… I'm not. Oh my gosh! Ohhh my gosh. Oh my god. Ooohhhh! 2-0 to Rakai. Oh, is it 2-1? 2-1. Oh! Oh! Oh! And one! Oh! Ohhh! I mean, the rules didn't say there was out of bounds. Is Jason better or worse than you thought? Worse than I thought. It really is do or die for Jason. He's gotta start scoring. Oof! Heeyyy! 4-2. Rakai is struggling. Rakai was doing everything he could to stop Jason from scoring, which meant fouling Jason every time. Is this football, ref? But for every shot Jason made, Rakai had an answer. Oh my God. Oh no. Oh no! They both wanted to win so badly that they were literally wrestling on the floor. I'm tired. [exhales] Can't guard me. Can't score. 6-3! If Rakai scores one more point, he'll move on and Jason will be eliminated. OOHHH! Ohhh! What the hell?!? Jason! Ahh! Bro, that was intense. He wasn't good. Bro, get up. You lost. Go say hi to that homeless guy for me. Yo, yo. I don't even know what that means. And now it is time for the FINAL game! Bring it in! Awwwwhhhh! Here we go! What is that? What is THAT?! Oh ho-ho-ho hooo. Bro I'm good at weird stuff like that. That's Angry Birds... in real life! We have a giant slingshot here. Open the curtains! Whoa!! WHAAAAT? It's three hearts for each of you. And we just started a livestream with over a million people watching you. YAAYYY! And those million people in chat will actually decide what you're slingshotting. OHH, my God! Bring in the first round of options! When all three of your hearts are shattered, you're eliminated. And it's up to you guys who you aim at. Ski, because he passed the previous game first, he will be shooting first. Ooohh! And then it's Rage, Rubius, Rakai. The first items are a piñata, A cabbage. A clock. Which isn't very aerodynamic and will probably suck. OR! A basketball. The basketball! And then we're gonna do round after round bringing in new items each round. Don't say that. Wait, hold up! Hang on! That's-- Wait, so-- so-- Yeah-- You don't have to. That's so COOKED! Once your three hearts are smashed, you’re out. And because so many people voted at the same time, the poll literally broke. So for the first round, we rolled the die. Agh! Four. Ski, ski. No, hold on. Let me tell you something. I'm next to you. So, if you try to hit me, you might accidentally hit yourself. That's towards me! Yeah, go to the right a little bit… Yeah. NO, that's meeee! That's me, that’s me! No, no, that's me, that’s me-- OHhhHH! MAN! Come on, man! I didn't look! I didn't look! I didn't look! You almost hit me, man. All of our Spanish viewers are sweaaating. ERNGH!! One. Oh ho ho hooo! The piñata. PIÑATA?! It's got a little weight to it. Bro, I'm not-- I'm not nwaa wauwaew ehuhh iouewaa-- This ain’t hitting-- This ain't gonna break nothing! What language was that? Ha ha haaa! I'm aiming in the middle. Woah, woah, woah-- Ahhhh!!!!! Wait, wait, wait! What angle do you want it? It's up to you. I like that angle! BROOOOO! That's me! That’s me! I like that angle. AHHHH!!!! Rakai, he was gunning for you. All right, he needs to roll a 3 or 2. That's a 2. JUSTICE for Abraham, man. Justice for Abraham! Justice for Abraham. Ohhhh! Oh, my Gosh. Awhh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait-- FOR ABRAHAM! WeEEee!! Oh, my GOD. AHH! It’s really difficult. All right and Rakai's left with the clock. OH, MY GOOOD! Throw up the first poll. Oh, toilet paper??? TOILET paper?! Almost half the people are voting for toilet paper. Ha hah hah! Let’s get it! All right, he’s-- Oh, my-- OHHHH! So you would be very mad if they all voted dice. I'll be PISSED if they go dice here. All right. Die, it is. Pull that jawn back. Put that thing. YUP! Pull it back. Don’t hit yourself. You're gonna hit yourself. YEAHHHHHHHH! It’s me against the world. RUBIUS, no, no, no. Please, wait, Rubius. This is me against the world. NOO! No! No! Please, wait, Rubius! RUBIUS! Look at me. I didn’t mean it, I didn’t mean it! Rubius, your vote's in play, melon or soccer ball? All right, soccer ball it is. ERNGHH! It touched it! He touched it. It didn't break it. Get your melon. These streamers were so bad with the slingshot. I saw you tried. Did not try to hit you, at all! That they literally shot for hours and could not hit a single shot. OOAHHH!!!! Hee hee… Rakai just keeps shooting the moon. I tested this with athletic people, unathletic people… EVERYONE. He's cappin’! And every test was way better. He’s lying! CAP! This thing was already done. If you guys want, we could do a round where you throw the objects instead of shoot ‘em, but only if all four of you agree. Raise your hand if you agree. It was clear that what Rakai did to Abraham was not sitting well with the streamers, and all he could do was fight back. WOAAHHH! OH, MY-- No. No. No, no, no, nooo, nono, no, nonononoo. It’s hanging on. It's hanging, don't touch it. Don't touch it! Nolan, is the heart shattered? Uhh, it appears to be intact. All right! It's still in. Wowww. And even though Rubius having two hearts made him the target, Oh, my Goddd. Their accuracy was still terrible. We should just go back to slingshot I feel like. Whoahhhhh! AHAHHAHAHAHAH Every time I shoot it’s going for Rakai. C’mon, Ski. Be smart here. No, my God… Ohhhhhhhh! Ohh! I did not try to do that. I swear to God, I-- AHAHAHHAHAHH Look at his face! Freak, it slips, freak. Talk about justice??? Are you serious? OhHHhh! Get the hell out the game, boy! Bye, bye! Ahahahahaaaa… [in Spanish] To all my fans... Justice! Justice! Justice! Justice! Justice! Justice! Justice! Get lost! LEAVE! There will be justice for Abraham. Trust me. You are next. HA HAHAH HAA I have $50,000 for you to give to a Spanish viewer, and you pick who it goes to. And Rubius wasn't wrong. Rakai remained the CLEAR number one target. Yo, Ski. I don’t even care if you win, gang. Make sure he gets out. Come on, bro. I'm the youngest, bro. Don't do that, bro. Stop cryyying, bro. You been guilt tripping people the whole day. Too high… C'mon, c'mon, bro. OOOHHHh! There it is, Rage!! Get him out! Ohhh, he got it! Unable to hit a heart, Rakai tried any tactic that he could. Woooooow, BRO. This is so SLIMY. Zip your mouth, bruh. I don’t wanna hear you. But after failing to convince them, Rakai’s life in the game was hanging on a thread. Ohhhh, my-- WHOOAAA, WHOAa, whooaa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... OHH! Rakai, that was almost a DEATH sentence! You need to hit a heart right now to have any chance. Oh, my goOOosh! Was so close! This is SLIIIME right here, brooo. You ARE the slime. Like, 2v2 against ME, brooo... You are the slime you’re talking about. YOU'RE the slime. C'mon, Ski. C'mon, Ski… C'mon, Ski. Can we put a muzzle on him or somethin'? Ha haa haa. Stop talkin'!! HUAHHH! Get out! YOU'RE OUTTA HERE!! Dummy! Crumb! You're a CRUMB. You’re a crumb! You’re a crumb. You're CRUMB!!! All right, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen… Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. I still get cash? Yeah, $50,000 to give to your audience. Every loser gets fifty G’s. Okay, okay! Come here, tho. DA na NA NANANA Whoa, whoa, WHOA!! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Chill, chill, chill, chill. CHILL. Security! Chandler! HE HIT THE LINE! HE HIT THE LINE! HIT THE LINE. HIT THE LINE. CHANDLEEERRR! ARGH! WHA-- NO-- GRGGHH! THE LINE! YOU SEE??! YOU SEE!!! HIT THE LINE… Hit the line… You're outta here, you're outta here! Hit the line, brooo! You're outta here! He hit the line! You SEE?? You slimy! Yo, he woulda slimed me out!!! You seen that??? The final two. Whooaaa. Well played, man. How-- how-- how was it us? How did we end up here? Had to be here. I know you guys are boys. one of your audience is getting a million dollars. And one isn't. Just for this game. It was well played, brother. It has to be done. It was well played. Man, Ski, if you hit this, it'll be three hearts to one. Oh, my god-- Oh! Oh! Bro, you have one heart left. Rage, remember when LeBron was down 3-1? Warriors. Yep, and you remember what he did? Came back and won. He clutched up. And he got the dub. Are you LeBron? I believe I'm going to. Down 1-3. Awhhh! Okay. Well, LeBron would've hit it. Ski could end it all here. Guys, you could be witnessing the end of the game. AGGGHH! OH!! It's okay! If that heart fell, Rage. The game literally would've been over. He'd be giving away a million dollars while you watched. YOOooo! Wait… All right-- NEXT! WAHHH! He's consistent. Hey, stop playing around! Stop playing around! Rage, STEP UP. You gotta lock in. OHHH, he finally did it! Niiiice. You're back in it! You're BACK in it! That's craaaazzy. Hah Ha! ARGHHHAHHH!! If you hit one, you tie it. WOOOooh!! WHAT? IS? GOING? ONNN?!!! Oh, he's locked in. Whaaaat?? 1v1. Last heart left. Next one to get smashed loses, and then someone wins a million dollars for their fans. There you go. He could end it all right here, right now. This could be your last chance to stop him. Is this the dagger? URGHAHHH! Oh my gooooosh… My… Gosh. Rage. STOP. Playing. Rage is locked in. OOARPP! Bang, bang. [shattering] WAHHHHH!! YOU'VE WON A MILLION DOLLARS! LET'S GOO! LET'S GOOOOOOO! LET'S GO, ME!!!! WEEE! AHAH HA HA! Ahaa ha ha ha! AHA! I WON! I WON! ARGHH!! I WON A MILLION DOLLARS!! WOOOOooOO! Oh, my God, bro. Genuinely, I'm very grateful for all of you. Hit that subscribe button. Take care! We're ending the stream. I love ALL OF YOU!!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [66000 likes]: Who is your favorite streamer?
  2. @RekhaPanchal-e5z [1 likes]: Payal gaming ❤🇮🇳
  3. @Aiza-khan123 [1 likes]: 21:02 Why is MrBeast scooting like that and Speed is normal? 😭
  4. @UIDANIELBTS [1 likes]: 45:10 yea rakai literally pissed me off right now
  5. @UIDANIELBTS [1 likes]: 7:13 wtf is payal doing here 😂
  6. @Akvlogs-p3n: beast big fan 
i want to play with your task beastttt jimmy i am biggest fan to  you
  7. @Aizen_Eclipse: Ishowspeed my favourite streamer
  8. @Nessou2024: wesh y a Anyme, Amine, Billy, chuis choquée mdrrr
  9. @JaydenChan-s7j: Rakai is no mercy
  10. @StoryToonHindi-j3q: Please 🙏 give me a gameing setup ❤
  11. @HarunTunç-m5p: Benim en sevdiğim yayıncı mr beast ve 305 spot miami beach i tanıtan yayıncı
  12. @Dreamprism: I think I might recognize the names of a couple of those streamers at best. 🤷‍♂️

Edit: I counted, and I believe it's 4. Xqc, Ludwig, yourrage, and pokimane. (None of which I really follow but at least do remember seeing some stuff from them)
  13. @MohdNazim-p5p: pls iphon 17 pro max gift
  14. @miloudchou8500: Very good, Mr. Best... Keep it up and do even better!
  15. @mkmadvids: slump was so kind bro
  16. @Sunyass: BIG L FOR RAtKAI
  17. @kyledominic7083: Where is Caseoh?
  18. @selena445: tfue goat at fortnite, got sold xD
  19. @prembagale4604: w winner last one was crazy comeback . the other guy def thought he would won easily lol .
  20. @MuhammadZulfikar-x2z: Tak bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa bisa

- World's Biggest YouTubers Fight for $1,000,000: Kind: captions Language: en [MrBeast] This is $1,000,000 and these are 15 of the biggest Creators on YouTube. We have Logan Paul, Bella Poarch, ZHC, and so many others. They're gonna be competing in 10 huge challenges, and the winners of each challenge will move on to compete for $1,000,000. And for our first challenge, we have an Olympic sprinter. Whichever one of you touches him first moves on. Go for it. [woman] Oh, no! [Logan] I'mma get you, baby. Like I said before, there's only 10 slots in the next video and there's 15 of them. [Logan] Slow down now, brother! [MrBeast] Whoever touches him first gets the first slot. Oh, my God, look at that. [Logan] I'm gonna get you. [MrBeast] Oh, oh! [Logan] [indistinct] Wow, that was quick. I'm the fastest man on the planet. For the second challenge, you pick who moves on. -[man] Dang! -[man] Oh. We're banging these out. [man] Wow. [MrBeast] Oh, wow, that was awesome. These are the seats of winners, you two claim the first two, I'm gonna move on. -That was easy. -Yeah. [MrBeast] For the third challenge, we went and blindfolded everybody and we hid the money on the top floor of this $10 billion stadium. And if you look down there, they're all just standing there in the middle of the field confused. You can all remove your blindfold. The million dollars is hid somewhere in this stadium. First one to touch it moves on. -Go-- -Go! Go! [ZHC] I don't see it anywhere here. Let's go to level four. I wanna say six because it has a star next to it. [Lexi] I'm on the third level. Hello, million dollars? [Quackity] It's got to be on the main floor. I don't think it went higher. [Ryan] I just did a full circle on the top floor. Didn't find anything. Look at all this. So much to explore. I'm going up. Let's go up. [Ryan] We're six. [Mark] Ah, the cameras are here. That's got to mean something. [Quackity] There's a camera over here. -Ah, so much running. -[Quackity] Yeah. -Yeah, there it is, yeah! -[Mark] We found it. [Quackity] Yeah! I found the million dollars. [woman] The money has been found. -No. -[groans] I'm glad I woke up for this. [MrBeast] Next I brought our remaining contestants and our three winners to the YouTube Theater, which is right beside the stadium. This next challenge is trivia and it's pretty simple. I have one question, what is the total subscriber count of all 15 people invited plus me? I'm starting a 60-second timer. Good luck. I have seen everybody's channels but I actually don't know how many subscribers -everybody has. -I'm gonna take a wild guess because I don't have 60 seconds to do this math. It's called simple arithmetic. Preston, what are you on? Aren't you only 20? -Close. -Hey, Logan, -how many do you have? -Twenty-three. -[MrBeast] Twenty-three. -Stop asking. I think he just hit 20, so. I'm not telling anyone. How many subs do you guys have? -I have 8.2. -I have 5.8. Bella, what do you think the number is? I wouldn't know either. I see Zach doing a lot of recon. Zach's asking a lot of people their sub count. -Twenty seconds remain. -What? What? What? Don't distract me right now, Chandler. Here, you wanna see my answer? Yeah, I wanna see your answer. Wait, zero is behind [indistinct] [Mark] Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm saying. [MrBeast] Okay. Ten seconds. Three, two, one. All right. Put your pens down. The number is 233,042,520 -is everyone's subscribers, so. -[man] Wow. You guessed it, bro. [MrBeast] No one was even close to ZHC's answer. Congratulations, Zach. [ZHC] Aye! [MrBeast] Give it a kiss. Now we have four of our ten contestants already picked out. For this next challenge, we filled the entire stadiums with cardboard cutouts and mannequins of Karl, but one of these is actually Karl and whoever touches the Karl first moves on. You can go. -[MatPat] Great. -[man] Okay. -[MatPat] Find Karl! -[woman] No! [Airrack] Oh, my gosh. This man's running. Okay. I'm looking around. I'm looking for any movement. [Ryan] Karl! This is so freaky. [Karl] There are so many Karls. They can't find me. Where's this man? [Zach] I'm gonna find you, Karl. He's upstairs. Why are these mannequins so realistic? You're looking for Karl. He's around 6-foot tall. Jimmy said I'm 6-foot. If I had to guess, I have a feeling Bella's gonna win this one. Wait, no, that means she was on the right track? Okay. I'm following Bella. -[man] Nope. -[Bella] Oh, my gosh. [MrBeast] Hey, that's just Chandler. It's only a matter of time. This is so nerve-wracking. [Sofie] Oh, my God. Oh, I got him. Congratulations, you found me. I was almost gonna go back. [Airrack] They're right there. I was literally on the right floor. So far, we have half of our 10 contestants picked out. And if I was one of you ten, I would start to get a little nervous. Second half is when I turn it on. Airrack has not said a word in a very long time. -Leave me alone. -He's getting pissed. Are you even in this competition? -Have you done anything? -I'm trying! I'm trying! We have custom-made dolls of each one of you that we're gonna load into this cannon. And if you look out there, you'll see a giant target. Whoever lands closest to the middle, wins. -Here is your custom-made doll. -[laughing] [all] Oh! Don't move. I think this is a good angle. -[man] Wow! -[man] Whoo-hoo! That was actually not bad. Who's next? She's not tall enough to see the scope. So she's gonna stand on Mat. This is called friendship. [Rosanna] Whoo! [Karl] Wait, that's actually really close. [MrBeast] Oh. That might be the winner. I'm not gonna lie. -[all] Oh! All three shots have made it on the target. They're much better at shooting dolls than I thought. You don't wanna go too low or too high, right? It's about finding the sweet spot. Look at him explaining what he's about to do even though he's about to fail. [MrBeast] Oh, okay. -Oh, wow. -[Chandler] Oh, aah. This is the story of every Creator Games. [man] Okay. There it is. There it is. That's the worst shot yet. This is my doll and he's going right to the middle of that target. [man] Oh. [Ryan] Oh! Yes! -[Karl] Oh, my God. -That's so close. Wait, I actually don't know who's in the lead now. Everyone knows this is the most accurate way of measuring. She's a thumb and a pinky away. You're a little bit more than a thumb and a pinky away. Rose, congratulations on moving on! And for this next competition, these nine Creators are going head to head in a talent show with Dr. Phil as the judge. Hey, guys. The contestants keep asking me, do you have any idea what you'll judge on? So if I throw up, bad. If I don't, good. Mr. Doctor, it's a pleasure to meet you today. -How are you? -I'm better now that I'm hanging out with you. Let's see this talent. I'm coming. I'm coming to you, Doctor. Oh, look at him go. [Airrack] This is very dangerous. All right. Come on. [groans] My finger. You got it, you got it. You did it, you did it, you did it. [Airrack] I love you, Dr. Phil. -Well... -Did I win or... -Well, we'll let you know. -Up next is Lexi Rivera. [crowd cheering] That's all I've got. What do you mean that's all you got? That's pretty damn impressive. [MrBeast] As the talent show went on, it became clear that some contestants had more talent than others. [piano music playing] 3.14. [Dr. Phil] All right. Uh, what do you call a late night talk show host who lost his balance? Jimmy Fallin'. That's just a normal dollar bill, right? Do some mark, something I couldn't guess. I've got a handkerchief here. I want you to go ahead and hold this. -I've got it in there. -Abracadabra? Magic isn't real, Dr. Phil. I'm gonna cut. Is that your dollar, Dr. Phil? That is my drawing on the dollar. Knife drop. [MrBeast] And now that they've all performed their talents, it's time for Dr. Phil to pick his favorite. It comes down, I think, to... I got to give it to Mark. [cheering] Congratulations, Mark. You're moving on. And we're heading to the next challenge. There are eight contestants left but only three slots in our next video. The funny games are over. This is where things get serious. Chandler, reveal what's under that. Whoever flushes the toilet and comes back here first, wins. [indistinct chatter] [Preston screaming] Holy frick, they are so fast. Did he say the entire freaking stadium? I don't think they realized that they could have just flushed this toilet. [Zach] I'm gonna head upstairs. [Airrack] I mean, the further I go, the better chance I'll have. What kind of a challenge is this? I see Ryan over there. I hope they're having fun though looking for, you know, a toilet. Probably not. [Ryan] No. [Preston] Wait. -[Zach] Yes! -[toilet bowl flushing] [Ryan] Done. Whoo! [Preston] Flush! Let's go. I think I got it. -[Airrack] No! -[Zach] Whoo-hoo! I can't believe it. Oh. Congratulations, Zach, you're the best at finding a bathroom and flushing a toilet. And now only two of you are moving on. we have seven bowling lanes each with one hundred pins. Whoever knocks down the most pins moves on. And this first lane has MatPat's face on it. So you're going first. Bowling is kind of a religion in my extended family. -It doesn't matter, just bowl. -Great. [MrBeast] Okay. It's off. -[MatPat] Oh. -[MrBeast] Let's see it. Oh, that was right on. [MatPat] Whoa, keep going, keep going, keep going! Whoo! I'll take it. You knocked out 86 pins. I don't know if that's gonna be strong enough to win. I suck at bowling. [MrBeast] Bowl-a Poarch. Oh, in the side. [woman] Whoo! Whoo, whoo, whoo! [MrBeast] Oh, wait. Whoa! [MatPat] What? Are you kidding me? She only knocked down 84. Mat is still in the lead. -[woman] Oh. -Oh, I was close. Just lock down the pins, yeah. Keep going, keep going! No! -[Ryan] No! -[man] Okay. Wait, wait. Come on, come on, come on, come on! Hey, Lexi, I've been there before. Oh, these, like, get me nervous. Preston, you've lost a bunch of challenges. Is he better than MatPat? Let's find out. It doesn't look like he is. [Preston] Whoa, oh. [MrBeast] No, I'm not even gonna count it. The only person standing between you and competing for a million dollars is this man. Brothers to the end. -[Airrack] Ah. -[MatPat] Sike! [MrBeast] Airrack versus MatPat. That's a good one. Oh, it's close, it's close, it's close. [MrBeast] I'm gonna give a precise count. -Come on, come on, come on. -[MrBeast] Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, MatPat did in fact win. [MatPat] Yeah! I'm devastated. He's moving on and we're moving on the next challenge. And now it's time for the final challenge to figure out which one of you joins the $1,000,000 game of hide and seek. I'm giving my fans 10 minutes to vote on which one of you they think should move on. I'm gonna put out a YouTube community post and you guys can influence it how you want. [man] Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Okay, share with your audience. Okay, please vote for me. How do I win this? -How do I win this? -This is life or death. Please, God, use this link. Hey, everybody, the votes are starting to pour in. Bella Poarch is in the lead. [Preston] Wait, we're in second place. -You're in third. -Whoa! [MrBeast] Bella, you are crushing everyone, 36% of the vote. I, like, posted on my Instagram, my Story, and my Twitter. Preston, you're the only one that stands a chance against Bella. I'm trying. How do you copy the link? [MrBeast] Three minutes remaining, Bella is still in the lead. Philippines is awake. I posted so much. [MrBeast] Preston is in second place. I'm gonna tell people to go for you, okay? -[MrBeast] Oh, really? -[Pierson] Preston is competing for a million dollars right now. I need you guys to click this link right here and vote for him. [Ryan] Help! Don't just sit there, help us! [MrBeast] Bella just went up another percent. All right. Bella came in first place with 36%. Congratulations, Bella. -Come on over here. -[all] Whoo! [MrBeast] These are the 10 finalists that are gonna compete for this million dollars in the next video. Subscribe so you don't miss it. [singer] ♪ MrBeast, oh... ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [84000 likes]: Part 2 goes up Saturday at 4pm EST! WHO DO YOU THINK WILL WIN $1,000,000 FOR THEIR FANS?
  2. @Anonymous_0508 [1 likes]: 7:09 🥺🥺🥺
  3. @furkanhatipoğulları: 3:24 MrBeast : You CAN GO!
  4. @noellemassa5394: 2:55 The fact that Jimmy has over twice the total amount now is CRAZY
  5. @ZeRobby67: gold old days these youtuber is just chilling enjoying the momments this is not ez to do now
  6. @Nicopop-2013: mr beast seamos amigos no tengo amigos ni novia asi que regalame una novia y seamos amigos por favor quiero ser tu amigo ¿dale?
  7. @Tanveer-v1z7u: I want to meet you please mr beast and waiting for you reply not ignore me please 😅😢🎉😂😢😢🎉🎉😢😮😅😅😊😅😮
  8. @daccaribyrd5185: Where CoryxKenshin at?
  9. @גבריאללוגסי-ג3ש7כ: same soccer ball stars🎉🎉
  10. @codeman9677: I love all the videos my man been watching u since a little bit before you gave away 4 million pennies to your 4 millionth subscriber sending you positive energy and positive vibes keep up the amazing work 🎉🎉🎉 and I love the Feastables I've almost had all of them love them all and I can't wait to taste the gummies got to wait for pay day lol.
  11. @daiseysoto3386: Lexi
  12. @SharifKhan-t2m9q: 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
  13. @AdmirGicic: Mela
  14. @AdmirGicic: Mom
  15. @iforgodprasanthirajeshdasa9904: Bannu
  16. @muhammadyounus2494: Bro where is part 2
  17. @LainieHedrick-b3h: Matpat
  18. @MdRokman-y6t: H you Jimmy
  19. @MdRokman-y6t: H you Jimmy video ajooba Asheville 0:28
  20. @1labhK: Tum sab ladchatta ho

- How I Trapped 50 YouTubers In A Box: Kind: captions Language: en I uploaded a video featuring 50 of the most subscribed YouTubers on the planet competing for a million dollars. And I'm going to show you what went into it. Tareq, come over here. Hey, first try. Since many of you guys really liked the video, I put together some never before seen behind the scenes footage together with outtakes and bloopers that didn't make the final cut. So make sure you watch the actual video on the main channel first before you watch this one. They're coming. Alright, everyone quiet. This video had more than 50 cameras shooting at the same time. Keep going straight. Come towards my voice. A 1.3 million dollar set that took over a month to build with a $500,000 customizable LED floor. Should we queue the smoke? Wow. Okay. Featuring 50 of the biggest creators on the internet. Oh my god! Jimmy! And you're about to see what we never show you. It looks kind of legit. I hate to say it. It looks kind of legit. That's correct. This is not prop money, but $1 million dollars of real dollar bills. We take it and run. We take everything we can carry and run. Now because I'm not used to filming in front of so many of my friends. I'm not gonna lie... I got a little nervous and had to practice my lines a bunch before I went out. As you can see, there are 10 cyber trucks over there. They’ll be like “Wow”. It is the only time in this video that you can leave this cube and be allowed back in. And no one in the cube knew this, but this was happening literally while they were just waiting around. - Bro, this is crazy. - You're gonna ruin people’s lives in here I will. People gonna try to sleep. No one's sleeping. This is how you go to the bathroom, I think. Somebody pressed the bathroom button. Those bathrooms As Ryan said, it's time to tinkle now. Wait, let’s see if we can move it. Oh no. I’m not being part of this. No! Chandler. They're moving the bathrooms. Help! Do we have to supervise you? What we should tell them though is like… this isn't randomness, like, this video is, like, up to you guys. Kind of who wins. It is because the squid game cookie, they're picking who gets the cookies. The split or steals, if you lie to them or get lied to. I don't think that's random. Okay, he's ready to go. I'm ready. Let's do it. This is going to be sick. Pull the curtain. Yes. This is crazy. And so we announced what the challenge was, which was basically shooting a free throw for a chance to win your fan a cyber truck, risking to be eliminated if you miss. - Bro, you going to do it? - Nope. - You can win it. - You're going to try. How did they get this many cyber trucks in one place? Since I had no idea how many people were going to attempt this challenge in order to pull it off, we had to bring over $1.2 million dollars worth of cyber trucks. Which is crazy because this is just one of the bits in the video. Jimmy. Peace. So for every single YouTuber in the cube, we also had one of their biggest fans on standby. Where is he? - Rober? - Let's bring him out. Yeah. Mark Rober Alright, we're micing up Mark's subscriber. You can come in. Mark, right here. Come on over here. How long have you watched Mark Rober? About a decade now and I'm only, I'm only 19, so that's half my life. Don't let him down. You gotta make this, man. And because obviously I can't make my videos hours long, I wasn't able to show you just how devastated some of these creators were when they got out. Hey Mark. First one out. - Oh boy. - That was fun though. Yeah, can you see? Oh you can see. Jidion! Get back in the box! Oh boy. Cyber truck on the line. That was a terrible shot. That was so bad. Mark! Yeah! It's okay! Mark, bro I swear on everything man. Like right when I was shooting I heard a bzzzz it made me Lonzo Ball it. Is that what it was? That's what it was, bro. Hello, we have all backed out of the basketball challenge due to fear. There's like no reason to do that other than to be nice to your fans and I just... I like em, but I don't like em that much. - I think he’ll miss. - I saw him play recently. He got worse. Are you talking behind the glass? That’s crazy. Watch it. He's gonna miss this. I'm calling it. - Hey, deep breaths, Jesser! - You got it. Oh wait, what were you saying two seconds ago? I said day one Jesser fan, I've always believed in Jesser. Congrats on the cyber truck. We got more shots. Yes! Thank you Jesser. Bro, how do you drive this thing? Let's go Ryan! So uh, what are you getting into after this? Well, not your cyber truck. That was good, Nolan. In the end, only two cyber trucks were won. Congrats on winning a cyber truck. Don't hit my cameraman. Thankfully it wasn't more, because I was already overbudget video. Are we ready for the next challenge? We're working on that right now. Okay. I'm showing everyone all the camera angles if you want to see it. - Basically, wherever you look. - It's like Big Brother. Like a reality TV show. We got shots everywhere, Bro, that's insane. That's absurd. We got like 50 pointing in every direction, punching in on everyone and that kind of stuff. So you guys can basically look in any direction you want and talk. - That's us. It’s Zooming in. - It’s punching in on us. Bro we got to get up! Bro, Come, come. Go! There’s a challenge, another Challenge. - I’m Sorry. - Alright. Time difference. Everybody for this next challenge, I need all the money off the floor. Can you pick up all the money and put it in the suitcase? Let's do this. Alright. I’m gonna tell 'em to line up. Yeah, you're good. Hey everyone, get out of the bridge. Get ready to change the floor. Are you guys ready for the second challenge? Yeah! The next challenge. We brought back the squid Game cookies back And yes, I know we bring them back a lot, but they happen to be an audience favorite. But this one is different because the YouTubers basically had to decide who they like the least, which was actually incredibly brutal. I legit could have made an entire video just out of this challenge. NiKo, how are you deciding who to give umbrella to? It's a tough choice because you have to work out… Who here do you like the least? I'm actually about to have a panic attack, bro. Thanks, Jimmy. Yeah. Higher number wins and they get the star. Okay. Which one did you want to do? Obviously I want the triangle. Okay, what about this? We're going to rock paper scissors. I'm down to do that. One, two, three. That is uhhh six. Charlie getting star. Jschlatt getting umbrella. Best two out of three? Two out of three! Rock paper scissor, shoot. No, you're doing it to me. You're killing me. Look at me. He won't even look me in the eyes. Look me in the eyes bro. Look me in the eyes please. I need you to get in the line. Niko's gonna have to just figure it out. Yeah, Niko, don't kill me. Look me in the eyes. Niko. What are you handing Sketch? No, there's no way. There's no way he’s giving him... Oh my Goodness. Oh my... Niko, how are you feeling? Absolutely terrible. I feel sick. I feel sick. True is, yeah. I'm in a group with some of these guys. I can't... hand them the death one. I'm really sorry. Bro, I'm so sorry. Can we move some camera people out of here? I want us to use wide angles. Just tell them to use telephoto lenses outside the cube. Alright, let's clear. Alright, we'll start here in a minute. Try to stay in your cube as best as possible so it's easy for us to track your cutting and things like that. Start the timer. And something we didn't show in the video is that Jschlatt actually claimed he completed the umbrella Cookie. I did it. You got it? Yeah. Got it. I got it, man, I got it, baby. How is that even possible? I lost almost a million dollars from that cookie. Really? Yes. But the question was, was he telling the truth? What? You don't believe me? Well, he-- It's not that we don't believe you, we just, I'm offended that you even want to see it. I mean, this would be gangster if it's actually done. Okay - There's no way. - No. There's no way. It's in a hundred pieces. Okay. Alright. I mean, for a second there he had me. It's broken. What happened? It's Cartoonishly broken. Jimmy. I swear that was an umbrella. Here... We have a replay room over there. Come show me. It is just like right down that hallway. Yeah. Where all the losers are. There's like a replay village. Don’t know what to do with this. But thank you. All right. 12 people were eliminated. What's 45 minus 12. 33. 33 of you remain. Congrats. Eleven. Eleven. Eleven? 34 of you remain. All right, you're good. That was the end of the second challenge. Any final words you want to tell to your fans? Thank You MrBeast, for having me. I knew I was in trouble when Niko would not look me in the eyes. Do you want anybody winning? Not Niko. - As long as it's not Niko. - Not Niko. Definitely not Niko. I didn't think that this MrBeast video was gonna be us turning on each other in betrayals and it is not good for me. Get used to it. It's not stopping anytime soon. It's gonna get crazier. Well, can we just turn it down a little bit like– No. We’ll turn it up. We're gonna keep turning it up. And while we prep the next challenge, as you saw in the main YouTube video, How close can you get to the red line, bro? The YouTubers started playing this game of bottle cap I fell asleep. We took a nap and all the males have all congregated over this intense bottle cap competition. What's going on over here? You stay on that side of the line, Jimmy. You know what, actually Jimmy, come take a shot. So Jimmy, honestly, how did you hear about the sport? I just walked in and a bunch of people are chanting. Guys, please, let's give a round of applause for Jimmy's first attempt. Please. Please. So I just hit it. This is rigged. This game sucks. All right. What's happening? Just keep throwing your caps. Kill some people. Get 'em out of here. For challenge three. I need you all in groups of two and duct tape your hands together. If you get eliminated, I'm leaving. - No, Andrea. - I'm not staying here without you. I don't want to stay without you either, so let's neither leave. You guys are going to win? Like both of you. Whoever you're duct taped to, you'll be going head to head in giant Jenga. Bro, they said they were gonna win. I love this game. You've been laughing nonstop this whole time, so I think it makes sense for you to go first. But already the first round of this challenge ended up being way too long. Okay, So they've been playing for an hour and 15 minutes. It is still the first game and we need 17 games to be played. We need to get the numbers down. This is basically what we started with. Yeah, it's just going to take too long. So we literally had to find a solution on the spot so that this game wouldn't take over an entire day. Obviously we don't have time to do that with everyone. So we're going to pivot this to something different. Alright, Do you have normal jenga towers or something? I'm going to go see how many we can get. And so after we sent the team out to find any Jenga tower in our city we could get our hands on, we were ready to keep going. All right, look at this quick pivot. All right, we're all happy. That was like nothing ever happened. - Lightning speed. - Yeah. So the Jenga challenge took too long. So they went out and got a ton of Jenga towers last minute. Somehow made it work. Just had to go raid some stores. Everyone pull your first block. Let's do this. And after another long session of Jenga, a total of 13 hours of shooting with 33 creators eliminated. We wrapped up day one. Okay, everyone has beds. We'll see you in the morning for the fourth challenge. Good job everybody. Nah, I'm proud of you guys, for real. Look at us. Not so bad, bro. Not so bad. Goodnight. Jimmy. We love you. Goodnight. Thanks for inviting us to this fun challenge. Can't tell. Are you being genuine? Of course. I'm being genuine. This is awesome. Hello it's day 2, back in the cube with all my friends, but I think I can win today. Rae, who's winning today? Me. Who's winning today? Dude not me. Not you. Jaden is going to win. I think you're going to win. If I win, it's because I had nothing to lose. Oh, here comes Jimmy. Good Morning. I have a surprise for all of you. Is it our families? It's better than your families. Oh no. Speed! We brought Speed out. But since Speed was a whole day late to the challenge, many of the YouTubers weren't too happy about allowing him to compete. Especially not LazarBeam. After having competed with him in a previous video. I got to be honest, Speed.... Speed is making it difficult. Oh, can I leave now? Go on the left, if you want him in, go on the right, if you don't. Let me talk to him, let me talk to him. Don't pull 'em out. Don't pull 'em out. Don't touch Speed. He'll pull you out. I won't pull you. Trust me. Are you going to pull me? Yes or no? I'm not going to pull you, Kai. On God. I swear to God. You swear to Ronaldo, bro. I swear on Honaldo. Who’s Honaldo? What the? Nah come on. You got to give me a... No, bro. Bro, I'm going through it in here, Speed. I'm not going to lie, bro. I'm not the same. I got you. I got you. Everybody hold on, hold on. We got you. We got you. Get him out of here, get back on the plane. Dang bro! Dang! Kai! What you want? Everyone ready? Bring in the tables. Bring them on in. Deal or no Deal. Come on in. Bring out Howie Mandel, please. Wait, did someone say Howie Mandel? Is Howie here? Bro you think we can afford Howie? Ah, man. Howie Mandel. Howie. Howie. Come on out. So as always, there's a cube, so I had to bring him down. It's Big. Right? Size doesn't matter buddy. Good call. This is all real? Yes sir. A million dollars in here. Well, technically, some people might have taken some out, so it might be like 990,000 now. Wait, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Like yeah, yeah, I’m sorry. I knew it was missing some. And obviously you've seen the majority of the challenges, but what we don't typically show is what happens in between them and after that blood bath, these 10 are what remain. I'll be back in a couple of hours. I'll give you some time to relax. Let's set up the next challenge. I'm going to go disinfect. I'm honestly having such a good time. This has been such an enjoyable experience meeting everyone. So many special creators, just all in one place. We look around at this giant set, 20 foot high glass walls and like no one has ever done this before. MrBeast is truly changing the game. I'm proud to be his friend. I'm proud to be a peer and whatever happens from this point on, like, I don't care. I've had so much fun. So do you guys think they're in the locker room right now just watching us eat lunch? Nah, they don't care. Oh, got me No. Jimmy, please. Jimmy, we’re ready. Jimmy, Alright, let’s do it! Bye! It's now time for the fifth challenge. Challenge five might have had the craziest elimination of this entire video with Logan Paul forgetting the only rule of this competition and walking out of the cube. All to smash a plate. Wait, you just left. What? What are you doing? You left. Did you realize you were leaving? That was a complete mistake. Oh my gosh. I'm so, I'm so... Did you actually sprint out on accident? - Speed? - I just... I feel bad now. Did you just seriously get out because you wanted to...? - That was on purpose? No, that was an accident. All right, well. What the...? Why am– what? - What? - I– I... And with that five contestants remain. It was supposed to be six, but You know. That was wild. I hope Jimmy invites me back. Congratulations. Speed. You want to help me uh throw this table? You know it. Bye-Bye. Boo yah. Time to revert this grocery store back into what we're used to. Logan talked me down. He's like, let's not take it too seriously. And then he just ran out. And then he ran out. He took as little as not seriously as you can. So how many hours have we been here so far? This is our second day. Like 36, something like that. It feels like longer than that. Honestly, like, being in here is, especially as a smaller person, it's just been really inspirational. Everyone here is so incredible. It's intimidating and inspiring at the same time. So final five. Who's winning? You. I don't know. We don't know. It's been a long day. All right, the final five. Are you guys ready to duke it out? This is going to be interesting. Let's do it. All comes down to this. You're each going to pick a briefcase. Four have nothing in it. One has a million dollar check inside. If you go to– so, so, so.... Yeah, Ludwig you explain the rules. He's doing a bad job. I'll take over. So basically there's five briefcases. Four have nothing in them. And even though this dude thought he was an expert at the rules, it clearly didn't help him. It is not. GG's. So wait, what do I get? What do you mean? Well, usually like fifth place gets like, like $1,000 or something. I need you to come with me over here. You can have that. Yes. Hey, that's a federal crime. Oh, hey Ludd. You want the briefcase? All right. And we continue. And our fourth and final vote... is Jaiden. Oh my God. Oh, I feel so bad for her man. She don't got it. Let’s go! Let’s go! You're so chill. You are the winner. Oh, Jaiden. You haven't even seen the plaques you won. Yeah Come on. Plaques? Oh, yeah. Everyone let's go to the plaques. Do I get all of these? Yeah, just tell us where to send them. Man, these are good. I should get to ten mil. She has the most diamond play buttons of anyone on the planet now. That's crazy, because I gave mine away. I don't have mine anymore. It's weird. I have all these creators, all these friends in town, they're all about to just leave. I know. I think there's a massive success, dude. Everyone had a good time, which is my metric for success. Hey everybody. I think this went pretty well. We should do it again next year. You all should come out. With a hundred people. And this time you're in with us. Honestly, every time I do one of these I'm like, "Damn, I would love to do it." I think let's swap. Yeah, I got you baby. Do you think that'd be good for retention? I mean, look the way you were hosting that last one, like Yes sir.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [16000 likes]: Subscribe for more behind the scenes!
  2. @you312kg [1 likes]: Goooooooooooooooodddd 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 0:55
  3. @अब्दुल्लाह-थ1ढ [1 likes]: Hello Mr Bean India se hoon Das Saal Ka Hoon Mera birthday Aane Wala Hai Mujhe Kya gift Doge Apne 50 milian subscriber per main Tumhara bahut bada fan hun Kabhi apni ek video mein Bulao please, 🥹👍
  4. @carolinaflores9684 [1 likes]: Rubius Rubius 12:46
  5. @syahlasalsabiil: Hai mister Bean my name is Zahwa😊
  6. @Silly-fv2ir: 16:08 pure and utter befuddlement
  7. @Arcus6624: 10:16 Nmms que mala suerte 😅
  8. @chichauvinh8195: 13:35 Camera man: What did i do
  9. @RulynRants: 7:37 looks like 1998✋🥹🤚
  10. @sridharreddypundra1907: Dear Jimmy ,
 i have always  wanted to try feastables chocolate but I'm from India and i do not enough money to buy feastables also 😭😭
  11. @indiesworld176: You should of done it
  12. @Haris_Ilyas: Dj
  13. @420thailand2: สไปร์ทเอ๊ยยยย เข้าไปได้ลึกขนาดนั้นแม่งเสือกไม่มีซีนเลย เวนจริงๆ😂
  14. @Lini-ron: =]
  15. @นนท์คนเมืองพัทลุง: ลูกพี่spdเราดูเกร็งๆนะ
  16. @BassamBaser: Man it's mister verse coffins
  17. @YoungApostolic12: I love Jimmy’s awkwardness
  18. @MdHahan-v5n8p: 🇧🇩👌🤦‍♂️😂😂🙏🙏🙏🫰🫰🫀🫀
  19. @elijahdeanbocaling3896: 13:21 I can't stop rewatching this part lol
  20. @ZurnaCalanDavul: Yayyyyyy🎉🎉

- Would You Risk Drowning for $500,000?: Kind: captions Language: en I chained this massive rock to a random guy! Hi! And when this chain runs out, it's going to pull him to the bottom of the ocean. And this is only the first of 7 death traps we have planned for him. Like balancing hundreds of feet in the air, stealing from a thousand-pound grizzly bear, driving through a literal minefield, and so much more. And if he can survive all of that, I'll give him half a million dollars. God, here we go! But first things first, he'll have to escape this trap which, like all of them, is so dangerous, we had to have trained safety professionals on set. And every second it takes him to unlock his chain, he sinks deeper and deeper into the ocean. Oh! He's up! He did it!! Yes! Congrats! Woo! You're now one step closer to half a million dollars! Yeah! But escaping this next trap won't be so easy. Welcome to the second death trap! - Open the cage! - What? Take off your blindfold and turn around. Oh, my God! This real-life 1,000-pound grizzly bear is now guarding your money. I think that 50 grand is his now. And like every trap in this video, your money has been split up. However many bags of 50 grand you can get to the exit moves on with you to the next trap. The challenge begins now. Good luck. All right, I'm just gonna get froggy. Oh, he's getting so close to the bear. You went for that one of all of ‘em? How are you staying so calm? I'm not. I look this way, but the reality is, I'm not calm. The bear just looked at you walk by. Uh, be careful, bro… Even though Byron was absolutely terrified - of getting torn to shreds by this bear… - Brother? The bear is literally standing on one of the bags. He's gonna rip that open. The bear was fixated on one bag of money. He's preoccupied. Byron snuck around the room, easily collecting the rest, until the bag the bear was eating was the last one. The last fifty grand is currently being eaten by the bear. Byron, you don't have to do this. You can stop. Byron, if you're too afraid to steal that last bag from the bear… you can quit now and just move on to the next trap with the money you did get. No. I'm not quitting. Well, be careful. Don't grab it yet. Just maybe wait till he gets bored of it. He's trying to distract the bear away from his money. Oh, it might— It's kinda working. He's trying to get a killing machine to go over to him. He might be the first human ever to want a thousand-pound bear to come towards him. Oh my God, he's going for the last bag! - Oh! He did it! - He got it! Oh my God! Oh my God! And for our third of seven death traps, you might recognize the challenge, but we put a new spin on it just for Byron. Take off your blindfold! Welcome to the next death trap. Oh, no, Jimmy… We're not even 100 feet in the air yet. Oh my God! Raise us up! Welcome to the Balance Beam of Death! God, c’mon… Actually, we'll call it the $500,000 Balance Beam. Your 500 grand is dangling 100 feet in the air. You must balance on this narrow beam, unlock each bag of 50 grand, and throw them on the target below. Any money that lands on the target, you move on with, and any money that ends up in the water is lost forever. Oh my God. You chicken now? You gonna walk across? The only thing on this platform that's chicken are your legs. This is for you, kids. Oh, he's off! The first step. My God, he's doing it. He's actually doing it. Oh my gosh, look at his feet. This is insane! Now he's gotta reach for the money. Oh, he got the money. This is scary 'cause, look, he's actually leaning back. Bro, what's going through your mind? You're like a scarecrow. - Jimmy you're talking too much right now. - You're not talking enough! Oh, God. All right. Are you gonna throw 'em from here? He landed one! Don’t celebrate too early, Byron. You still have 9 bags to go. He's lining his shot up! Speaking of legs, my leg is cramping right now. Come massage it right now for me! Oh, he threw it! He’s two for two. All right, can he keep his streak alive? Third bag is off. Bullseye! He has $200,000 on his target, and Byron isn't even halfway across yet. You feel that wind, Byron? Oh, yeah. The wind is really picking up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! It's very unstable. It's actually shaking like crazy! Oh, he almost fell! God! Shoot! Don't pass out on me! Oh, he's just dropping ‘em. He's just dropping ’em! Oh, no. It bounced off. He lost 50K. C’mon, baby! And if you're wondering who this maniac is, his name is Byron, a battle-hardened Army Ranger who's fought in the world's most dangerous war zones, and above all else, he wants to bring this money home to his kids. Let's go! C’mon, baby. That's it, that's it. That's already $100,000 in the water. And if he falls now, he's losing another $100,000. You gotta land these next two! - Right on the money! - Yeah. All right. The last bag! I'm in my head right now. Byron, do it for your kids! Byron, you lost a lot of money on this round. You've already lost 150 grand, and you're only on the third trap. - Jimmy! - Yeah? I have a deal for you. You give me 100K back, and I'll jump off this. 50 grand and you have a deal. 75! Sure! Just because I wanna see it. You're 100 feet in the air! What are you talking about? Byron, you're crazy! I've been told that once or twice. Byron, you and your $425,000 are moving on to trap 4 out of 7. Welcome to the Minefield of Death. Oh my God! Jimmy! Buried beneath this minefield are 20 gargantuan bombs completely hidden out of sight. Come on, Jimmy! Your job is to drive your money across the minefield, but be careful which path you take. Because if you accidentally trigger a mine, all your money inside of that car will burn to ashes. Roger that. But lucky for you, you have 5 chances to save your money. You can put it all in one car. You could spread ‘em amongst the 5 cars. It's all up to you. So, this is car number 1. - How much money do you want to put in it? - None. Predictable. How about car number 2? 25K. You're putting 25 grand in? No, no, no! You can put it all in the last one and just pray you don't hit a mine. 25K in this vehicle. - We'll go for it. - Yes, let's go! And let’s put everything else in the last car. Any sane person would not have chosen to spread their money outside of the last car. But as I'm sure you've already picked up on, Byron's not exactly what I'd call normal. So, one of the great benefits to this challenge is that most of my experience is with roadside bombings. I'm not sitting in this vehicle this time. Wait, so you were in a car that drove over a real mine? Yup. The terrorists buried a roadside bombing too deep. And when it went off, it just created a big bump in the road. I didn't know that! Please tell me this doesn't give you PTSD! No, I mean… not really. Lovely. All right, anyways, to the Bunker! Ooh, buddy! And now, the remote control. Of death… It is rigged up to car number 1. Obviously, you hit a mine, the car will blow up. Ok guys, here we go. He's moving! This first car has no money in it. It's technically risk-free. But the more of the map you uncover in this car, the better your odds are of saving your money in the next car. You could take the right path. You could take the left path. - I'm gonna go left. - I'm terrified. There could be an explosion at any point. Oh, no! It is not left. One car down, four more to go. But this time, $25,000 is on the line. All right, here we go. I got a hitchhiker! - Karl? - What is he doing? Karl’s gonna make sure your car burns extra good this time. I would really avoid this next mine. Thanks, Karl! On this first path, he accidentally picked the side that had the mine, which means the right side is clear. Do you regret putting 25 grand on this one? Yo, 100,000%. He now has another fork in the road. You gonna go left or right? Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the right. So far, so good. I could've just stayed in there. Two cars down and $25,000 of your money is up in flames. Do we have to talk about it? That amount of money could’ve bought you a non-exploded car. Karl, he could kill you, just so you know. No, I'm very aware. I'm very aware. All right, Byron, you haven't even made it halfway through yet. You only have two more failures before you send your remaining $400,000 down this road of explosives. At this pace, you'll lose all the money. Oh my goodness. - Send out your third car! - Here we go. You got this. You're the bomb. Just stand out there for the rest. Now you can focus better. So right now, I am completely unable to see my vehicle. Oh, it's killing me that I don't know where the mines are. - Any second now it could blow up. - God, I don't wanna look. You're coming up on the next 50/50. Big decision. You're going right? Yup. - My heart. - Oh my God. I'm so nervous. Don't forget, the more mines you trigger with your empty cars, the safer that $400,000 becomes on your final drive. So far, so good… - What are you thinking? What made you pick left? Uh, it's just a harder route. If it's hard, I'm doing it. That's what she said also. - Karl, this is a serious moment. - Sorry. This is intense. Over halfway. No bomb yet, but there could be several between this car and the finish line. I'm gonna stay committed. Oh, he doesn't care. - You're just ripping! - He doesn't care! So you now have a winning path. The question is, can you remember it? No, but we're gonna go. So, using his last empty car, Byron made sure he had the route memorized. - You're good! - Remember the route. Because for the final car, all $400,000 of his money was now on the line. Now that you know the path, I say we do something special for the final car. I don't trust you anymore! This time, we're gonna walk behind the car. Let's do it. Onward! So if you accidentally trigger a mine, now we'll get a front row view to his money blowing up. - You sure this is the path you took? - Yes. We're literally in between two mines right now. That guy right there is our safety expert, and he keeps telling us to back up. So Byron, can you back up? Why have a safety exp— - Karl! - Stay on the side. - What're you doing? We're walking through a minefield! I'm the wrong one? Keep driving! Wait, I don't know if I remember the path. I actually don't remember if this is right. Is it right or is it left? Wait, wait. Stop! Wait! He's going so quick. You're one mine away from ending this entire video. Uh, God! Stop! Stop! Congrats! Your money survived! Good job! It's on my neck! Yeah, ok here. I got you. Don't— Don’t die. Don't die. - Wait, wait! The car, the car! - Oh, the car! We'll stop it! Could you imagine if that triggered a mine and blew up? - Oh, it's coming back! - Wait. It doesn't have brakes! Jimmy said, "It doesn't have brakes," and got behind it! Well, yeah. I had to brake it. All right. Anyways, duck behind the car. Duck behind the car. Why are we ducking? - All the mines you didn't blow up - Oh, God. we're gonna blow up now. Let's go to the next death trap. We just walked there! Byron's a little harder to kill than I thought. But seriously, he'll be terrified when he sees the twist on this next trap. Byron, take your blindfold off! For this next trap, you're gonna be buried alive. You're gonna lay in that coffin. Then I'm gonna seal it, cover you with a ton of dirt, and reveal the challenge. Do you trust me? No. Whenever you're ready, climb in the coffin. There's a hatchet there, which you'll need. You won't be needing this ladder anymore. Watch out, Karl. Seal the coffin! I'm sorry, Byron. I can't believe I'm doing this, but I'm actually helping you seal me in a coffin. Permission to bury you alive? You have my permission to bury me alive. Get to shoveling, boys! Oh Byron, I'm so sorry. No, you're not! While we're burying you, check underneath your pillow. You'll have the greatest chocolate in the world, Feastables. And the greatest meat snack on the planet, Jack Link's. Yep, yep, I've got 'em. - You have big muscles, right? - One might say. And big muscles require protein, wouldn't you say? I would. Which is why the Duos I gave you is pretty convenient, because it's protein-packed and made with 100% real beef. Quite honestly, probably in the most uncomfortable position I've ever been in my life. And at least I'm gonna have strong muscles from my Duos. Oh, God! He's done. You are officially buried alive! How does it feel? I've been better. As you can see, there is a giant flaming furnace with a conveyor belt leading towards it. Pull the lever. Oh! There it goes. This is not your money. This is test money. In a moment, this conveyor belt will start slowly dropping your money into this fiery furnace. Behind your knee, you're gonna see an axe. You're gonna to use that axe to break your coffin, somehow traverse through all this mulch, and turn that lever off. Which will then stop the conveyor belt, AKA, stopping your money from burning. - Now, Karl, turn it off. - Ok. Put his money on the conveyor belt. I'll die before I quit. It's on you. Give me a countdown! 3, 2, 1. Pull the lever! All right! Your money is officially falling into the furnace! Good luck. Do you not feel bad burning his money? Of course I do. I feel like your actions contradict your words. He needs to break through the lid of his coffin. I need to get out of here! Bro, it's getting everywhere. And while he's digging out of the hole, I wanna tell you about Jack Link's new product, Duos, because it's actually two separate flavors in the same bag. This bag, for example, has their original flavor and their teriyaki. Boys, give it a try. I really enjoy the original and teriyaki. You wanna switch it up? Go for the mango and jalepeno. Scan the QR code or click the link in the description to buy now. Look at all his money just coming up and it— Oh! Whoa. I just caught a dollar! That was crazy! Some of you are gonna think that's fake, but I don't even know how I'd fake that. Byron, your money's burning! This money is making his fire bigger. Keep going, Byron! Get outta there! Over $10,000 of your money is burned! - Oh my gosh! - C'mon! Oh, he's getting out! You got it! Oh, my gosh! Don't cut yourself! - You're a monster! - You came out like a zombie! He swallowed dirt! Before we go to the next death trap, you let me know what you think of Jack Link's Duo, their brand new product? These are legit phenomenal. Byron, I hope that jerky gave you a lot of protein, because you're gonna need it for this sixth trap. Welcome to the next trap. I'm a little bit nervous on this one. Behind you is your $384,000. Don't move. To the trap! What do you think the trap is? I'm going up somewhere. In order to pass this trap, you must scale up this 60 foot tower while hanging this money behind you. And this trap is different than the last. It is all or nothing here. If you fall one time or drop a single bag, just like in other videos like this, you will lose everything and the video will end. But there is a twist. You don't have to carry all of it. To make yourself lighter, you can leave some of the money behind. And all of this money literally weighs 200 pounds. So it's up to you to decide how much money to carry to the top. So one of the things I'm thinking about right now is leaving it as high up on this as possible. So if he leaves them on that platform, that's basically 3 or 4 feet less that he's gonna have to be pulling the bags. If he somehow cheats this trap, I'm never casting an Army Ranger again. If you ain't cheating, you ain't trying. I can tell. I'm gonna be honest, I don't think you can carry it to the top. Let's push this body and see what it can do. You're crazy, man. I’m gonna go up top. No shot he’s making it. A lot of people in my life didn't, uh, believe that I could do and accomplish the things that I've accomplished, so my goal is to prove that I can. It's about that time where you have to decide: How much money are you going to attempt to drag up here? It's all or nothing, brother. You are a psychopath. If just one extra bag is too heavy for you, you'll risk losing all of it. You don't even want to just leave 50,000 behind? Nope. I'm going. All right, he's officially off. If he falls, the video ends. He gets no money whatsoever. And as soon as all these bags are suspended in the air, the full weight will be on his back. That's way heavier than I was thinking. Look at this trail of bags behind him! He is literally climbing up a 90 degree incline carrying 200 pounds of money! What's going through your mind? Ah, you brought the heat on this one, Jimmy! He's going fast. Oh my God, he's falling. He is just brute-forcing it! All right, the hardest part is coming up! Oh my God, almost there. Yeah, he has 200 pounds of money! I can't give up! Oh, gosh! Let me get out of his way! Bro! This is insanely impressive. You have no idea how heavy this is! Oh, you did it! You did it! People don't realize how heavy money is. And when you have over 300,000 bills, it adds up. You only have one death trap left between you and me wiring you all this money. Oh, God. Jimmy. Let's do this. All right! To the junkyard! …where lies Byron's final obstacle between him and his money. Are you ready? As ready as I'll ever be. Let's do this. Why are you flexing? When I'm uncomfortable, I just start randomly flexing. Ok! Take off your blindfold. Welcome to the final trap. - You must protect your money right here - Ok? from that bomb. I'm giving you three construction workers, Holy crap. - a ton of machinery, and you can use anything in this junkyard to protect it. In 8 hours, that bomb will drop. - Gotta go. - Good luck! In past videos, even when given 24 hours, contestants have failed to protect their money. If Byron succeeds in a third of the time, it will be a first in Beast history. So now we got to figure out what's flammable, what's not flammable. This roof is plastic, so that's gonna burn. We don't want that. You have a ton of hoods over here. - Do you think these will burn? - No. So this could be, like, your blast shield at the top. Yeah. All right, guys. I want to get as many of these hoods over here as possible. If it burns, like, there's, like, that felt on it? Rip— just rip that felt off. No fiberglass, no nothing. It has to be metal and metal only. - Do you think this would be of any use? - Not at all. But you can get rid of the plastic jugs and use the metal. Uh, yep. Ok. So what you're seeing me do right now is grabbing my cages that are going to end up becoming my buffer. Now the flammable plastic is gone, he has this nice metal frame to put around the money. That's smart. - Do you think these would be of any use? Considering what the bomb is potentially made out of and there's a liquid accelerant inside, it's gonna burn fast, and this astroturf right here is flammable. But it looks good on camera, though. I don't care. Ok. I figured he'd say that. They've gotta make sure they remove everything flammable, because the bomb might increase the temperature in there so much that it could light on fire. So now, we're gonna take this, and we're gonna— Oh, you’re gonna make, like, a shield with hoods. Yep, so bring in our containers. Then we're gonna start stacking them as high as I can get them - creating a multi-story tomb of metal until, basically, I'm told I can't build this any higher. You can build as high as you want. Ok, well, it's gonna keep going. Ok. Good luck! And as confident as he felt about his plan, Byron thought there was still a piece missing from his puzzle. We’re gonna create another layer of these over the top of it, but I wanna get that money as secured as possible. And I know I said the less I have on there that's flammable, the better, but if it's insulated, it may not affect the money at all. In Indiana Jones, this literally survived a nuke. Yeah well, they don't make things that way anymore. - So… - Oh, really? You don't think this would survive? I mean… you know, it could. Well, I guess Byron gave my Indiana Jones joke some thought, because it looks like he just found the Holy Grail in money-incinerating defense. Oh, what is this? What did we just find? Let's flip this. 1, 2, 3, flip! Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yes! So much “yes” right here. We're gonna close the money inside of this, then bury it at the bottom of my barricade. Now that Byron had everything he needed, it was full steam ahead. Got it? So, yeah, we’re gonna start laying those across, over the top. And I need cinder blocks stacked in this dead space. All right here. The mentality that I have with things is success or death, in everything. I don't give myself a plan B. You cannot have bravery and courage… without fear. I'm not gonna, lie Byron's defense strategy was looking pretty airtight. That was, until he decided to place a massive fiberglass boat on top of his structure. That's a highly flammable object right next to the massive bomb we're about to drop. Isn't the boat fiberglass? Oh, man… I'm genuinely at a loss right now. Time is up! - You all right? - Yeah, yeah. Dead serious, like, just I'm seriously just second-guessing everything right now. How you doing, buddy? Oh my gosh, Jimmy. Dude, you've literally buried me alive. You made me climb with over 200 pounds— Don't forget when we drove through a minefield. Made me drive through a minefield. And I put you in a room with a bear. A thousand pound bear. Not just any bear. A huge bear. Absolutely everything comes down to this last moment right here in front of me. Literally everything. The only thing that really matters is always being a hero to my wife and kids but the influential mind, seeing that fear is ok, it's what you do in the midst of that fear. You can't have courage without… without being scared. $384,000 on the line with your wife and kids here to watch, and it all comes down to this explosion. Oh, man. - Are you nervous? - Yes. I'm extremely nervous. Ok. Any last words? Let's do it. 3, 2, 1! Drop the bomb! Everything's on fire! There’s so much fire! Byron, a bomb just went off! Be careful. No! Oh, whoa. That is burning. Go, Byron, go! It’s under the boat, it’s under the boat, it’s under the boat! Oh, there’s still more! That is the fridge he put his money inside of. All right, slowly bring her down! Moment of truth. It worked! Yes! - Yes! - The money didn’t burn!! The money’s safe! Let's go! Yes! Yes! Congratulations! $384,000! 384 grand! We did it! This is gonna change so much for us, Jimmy. I’m gonna buy a tractor for the ranch. - Subscribe to MrBeast! - Subscribe! I agree.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [56000 likes]: If you want to know how we made this video, check out the Behind The Scenes here!

https://youtu.be/5wF-XZLHynU
  2. @animefreck6 [1 likes]: Test money is crazy 😮
  3. @shinedays5317: I wish they don’t make it
  4. @MANISHBHAIOP: Day 370 – Hi MrBeast, I have a challenge for you. You have to stay in the same house for a whole year without coming out, and you have to give me that challenge. Also, just make sure to invite me on my next birthday on 24 November 2026🎉
  5. @GamingGunner-x2w: He gives like old Luke skywalker vibes
  6. @NarutoNaruto-q8c: Crazy how bro just burns money with no hesitation
  7. @sidney-j3t2c: W
  8. @hafidasarjibril2203: I ranger fanno strada fino alla fine
  9. @RakibMirza-i4c9r: Help me😢
  10. @kanhakumher: Hare Krishna
  11. @ArslanMuhal: ❤❤❤
  12. @-ajay-4792: Re-watching videos🎉
  13. @zxcvbnm-y1c2o: .
  14. @MANISHBHAIOP: Day 369 – Hi MrBeast, I have a challenge for you. You have to stay in the same house for a whole year without coming out, and you have to give me that challenge. Also, just make sure to invite me on my next birthday on 24 November 2026🎉
  15. @Nexora_Films_10M: Trying to reach my first YouTube milestone ❤ thanks for any support 🙏
  16. @Александр789.0: Что за сумки,почему с них летят деньги😂
  17. @MANISHBHAIOP: Day 368 – Hi MrBeast, I have a challenge for you. You have to stay in the same house for a whole year without coming out, and you have to give me that challenge. Also, just make sure to invite me on my next birthday on 24 November 2026🎉
  18. @pauldemetrius63: Not jimmy not wanting to hug the guy 25:20
  19. @LuciaV.S...-w-: That men deserved at least a million dollars ngl
  20. @SharonSharon-l9h: Bro why you burst money in fire

- MrBeast’s $100,000,000 YouTube Empire – His Real Income Revealed!: Kind: captions Language: en Breaking news. Mr. Beast earns an estimated 600 to700 million per year, but keeps none of it. Jimmy Donaldson, known as Mr. Beast, has built a media empire rivaling major corporations. His channels attract billions of views monthly, each contributing to a complex web of revenue streams. Beyond YouTube ad revenue, his income includes brand deals, merchandise, food businesses, and investments. Each video is a meticulously planned business venture with a calculated return on investment. Forbes estimated his earnings in 2021 at $54 million, but that figure has since exploded. With ventures like Feastables and Mr. Beast Burger, his income streams have diversified and multiplied. Industry analysts now place his total annual revenue in the hundreds of millions. Yet the most fascinating part is what he does with the money. Jimmy lives modestly, seeing money as a tool to create the best videos possible. This philosophy of reinvestment drives his exponential growth, turning viral videos into a self-sustaining empire. Before giving away private islands, Jimmy Donaldson was a teenager in North Carolina with a dream. He started his YouTube journey in 2012 as Mr. Beast 6000, posting gameplay commentaries and funny compilations. For years, he struggled to find an audience, but he had an obsessive passion for understanding the YouTube algorithm. He studied what made videos go viral, analyzing thumbnails, titles, and audience retention. This period of intense study laid the groundwork for his future success. The turning point came in 2017 with a brand sponsorship for $10,000. Instead of pocketing the money, he gave it to a homeless person. Realizing generosity was powerful content. His first viral video involved counting to 100,000, showcasing his dedication. From that moment, his strategy was clear. Go big. He started last to leave challenges, giving away thousands of dollars. With each video, the stakes got higher and the prizes bigger. He wasn't just another vlogger. He was creating a new genre of YouTube content. His obsession with the platform and unique ideas transformed him into the king of YouTube. His journey was fueled by curiosity and an unwavering belief in his vision. He learned that to stand out, he had to push the boundaries of what was possible on the platform. For Jimmy Donaldson, there is no such thing as off the clock. His life is intertwined with his work, driven by a deep-seated fear of becoming irrelevant. His daily routine is a relentless marathon of brainstorming, filming, editing, and business management. A typical day starts with checking analytics, diving into data from his latest videos. This datadriven approach informs every decision he makes. He spends hours brainstorming new video ideas, always aiming to top the last video. Filming days are intense with shoots involving customuilt sets and large crews. Jimmy directs the action, ensuring every moment is captured perfectly. Even when not filming, he's working with his editing team, reviewing footage and providing feedback. He believes the final few percentage points of effort separate a good video from a great one. This obsessive work ethic is the secret to his success. It's about having the discipline and drive to execute ideas at the highest level day in and day out. Mr. Beast's ambition extends beyond YouTube, transforming his brand into a corporate empire. He understood early on that relying solely on YouTube ad revenue was risky. To secure long-term success, he built multiple independent revenue streams. The first major expansion was Mr. Beastburgger, a revolutionary concept using Ghost Kitchens. The launch was a success, turning a YouTube channel into a fast growing restaurant brand. Next came Fastables, his line of chocolate bars, competing with giants like Hershey's. He used his content as the ultimate marketing tool, integrating products into videos. Beyond these businesses, the Mr. Beast Empire includes a merchandise line and a content translation company. He's hired seasoned executives to manage operations, allowing him to focus on creating content. Jimmy Donaldson is no longer just a YouTuber. He's the chairman of a growing media and consumer goods conglomerate. The financial engine powering Mr. Beast is a sophisticated system designed for growth. The foundation is YouTube AdSense generating millions from billions of views. However, this is just the tip of the iceberg with most earnings reinvested into production. A larger piece comes from brand sponsorships with companies paying premium prices for his reach. His direct to consumer businesses like Mr. Beast Burger and Fastables generate significant revenue. These businesses are powerful, building brand equity outside of his videos. His merchandise line also contributes a high margin revenue stream. International expansion with content dubbed into multiple languages creates new revenue streams. By combining these sources, Mr. Beast has built a financial flywheel that accelerates his ambitions. This diversified system provides the capital needed for his ever growing projects. Mr. Beast's financial strategy is simple. Reinvest everything. His main channel operates at a loss or breaks even with earnings poured into bigger projects. This cycle of reinvestment fuels his exponential growth, allowing him to escalate productions. While high risk, his understanding of his audience mitigates potential disruptions. Profits from businesses like fables support content creation, forming a symbiotic relationship. Money is a tool for him, not a goal, used to push entertainment boundaries. By prioritizing content quality and audience satisfaction, he's created an innovative business model. Creating a Mr. Beast video is a monumental undertaking, more complex than it seems. The process begins in a dedicated studio in Greenville, North Carolina. A team of creatives develops and refineses ideas with Jimmy pushing for the best. Production involves planning and logistics rivaling a Hollywood film set. Filming can take days with multiple crews capturing footage. The magic happens in the editing room with a fast-paced style holding viewer attention. Jimmy is deeply involved, ensuring the final product is engaging. This pursuit of quality sets him apart with a team sharing his passion. Every step is optimized for making the best video imaginable. Mr. Beast channels his influence into large-scale philanthropic projects with realworld impact. He's pioneered viral philanthropy using his platform for good causes. His first major initiative, Team Trees, raised $20 million to plant trees. Building on that success, Team C's aimed to remove $30 million of trash. Beyond campaigns, his Beast Philanthropy channel funds projects like building wells and providing food. This channel donates all revenue to charity, turning content creation into a sustainable engine for change. Despite his earnings, Jimmy Donaldson's lifestyle is simple and understated. He avoids typical wealth trappings, living in a modest house in Greenville. This choice maintains focus on his goal, making the best videos possible. Personal possessions are distractions. Every dollar reinvested maximizes video quality. His focus is a key ingredient in his success driven by passion for content creation. He loves the process of bringing ideas to life and seeing audience reactions. By rejecting wealth distractions, he's built an empire changing media and entertainment. His simple life is a strategic choice enabling extraordinary achievements.

- The Hidden Economy of MrBeast: How the Wealth Cycle Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en In 2023, Mr. Beast spent roughly $2.5 million filming a single video where he recreated every set from the Netflix show Squid Game. That video made about $2 million in ad revenue. He lost money significantly. And yet, Jimmy Donaldson is now worth an estimated $700 million and generates more annual revenue than most Hollywood studios. The math doesn't add up until you realize you're looking at the wrong math entirely. Most people think Mr. Beast makes money the way traditional YouTubers do. Create content, get views, earn ad revenue. Repeat. And that's technically true. But it's like saying Apple makes money by selling phones. Accurate, but incomplete in a way that misses the entire business model. Here's what's actually happening. Every video Mr. Beast releases is engineered to lose money on YouTube's platform, not break even, not operate at thin margins, actually lose money. In 2022, he spent an estimated60 to $70 million producing content for his main channel. YouTube ad revenue from those videos brought in maybe 15 to 20 million. The gap between those two numbers is somewhere around $45 million. That's not a rounding error. That's a intentional financial structure that would bankrupt most creators within 6 months. But Mr. Beast isn't most creators. And that $45 million deficit isn't a problem to solve. It's the foundation of how the entire machine works. Let's start with the part everyone can see, the videos. Mr. Beast's content follows a specific formula. high concept premise, massive production budget, extreme generosity or spectacle, and emotional payoff. Whether he's giving away a private island or recreating Willy Wonka's chocolate factory or burying himself alive for 7 days, the structure is consistent. Each video costs anywhere from $500,000 to $4 million to produce. His team has grown to over $250 people. He operates multiple warehouses. He's built custom sets that rival network television productions. The production value isn't accidental. It's the barrier to entry. Nobody else can afford to compete at this scale. Not established media companies, not other YouTubers, not venture-backed startups trying to crack the creator economy. When Mr. Beast spends $3.5 million to give away a private island, he's not just creating content, he's pricing out the competition. Every video raises the floor for what audiences expect, which makes it harder for anyone else to build a comparable audience without comparable resources. But here's the thing. Even with tens of millions of views per video, ad revenue alone could never justify these budgets. A video with 100 million views might generate 200 to $400,000 in ad revenue, depending on CPM rates and viewer demographics. Mr. Beast's videos regularly hit 100 million views. Some exceed 200 million, and he's still operating at a massive loss if you only count YouTube ads. So, where does the money actually come from? Brand deals, but not the kind you're thinking of. Most YouTubers do sponsorships the traditional way. A company pays them $10 to $50,000 to mention a product for 60 seconds somewhere in the middle of a video. The creator reads a script. The audience skips forward. Everyone moves on. Mr. Beast engineered a different model entirely. He doesn't do midroll sponsorships. He builds entire videos around brand partnerships where the brand becomes integrated into the content itself. Not mentioned integrated. In 2021, he did a video where he opened a free bank and gave away money to strangers. The video was sponsored by a fintech company, but the partnership was woven into the entire concept. The video got 86 million views. The company reportedly paid over $2 million for the integration. That's not a sponsorship. That's a media production deal structured as a YouTube video. And he's done this repeatedly with apps, with food brands, with financial services companies. The reported fees range from 1 million to $3 million per integration depending on the campaign. Suddenly, the math starts working. One video costs $2.5 million to produce. YouTube ads bring in 300,000. Brand integration brings in 2.5 million. The video breaks even or makes a small profit. But we're still only looking at one layer of the system. In 2020, Mr. Beast launched Honey, not the browser extension. Mr. Beast Burger, a virtual restaurant brand operating out of ghost kitchens across the United States. No physical locations, no dining rooms, just a menu that people could order through delivery apps. Prepared in third party kitchens using Mr. Beast's branding and recipes. Within the first 3 months, Mr. Beast Burgers sold over a million burgers. By the end of year 1, it had expanded to over 1,000 locations. The business model was simple. Mr. Beast provided the brand. Ghost Kitchen operators provided the infrastructure. Revenue was split. Mr. Beast took a percentage of every sale without having to build restaurants, hire staff, or manage inventory. Then in 2022, he launched Fastables, a chocolate bar company positioned as a direct competitor to Hershey's. The first year, Feastables did roughly $10 million in revenue. The second year, it crossed 100 million. By 2024, the company was reportedly valued at over $800 million. This is where the wealth cycle becomes visible. Mr. Beast uses YouTube videos as marketing for his own consumer brands. Every video mentioning Fastables is essentially a commercial with 100 million views. except instead of paying for that advertising, he's getting paid by YouTube and sponsors to create it. The audience doesn't experience it as advertising because the content itself is entertaining. They're watching because they want to, not because they're being forced to sit through a pre-roll ad. And because the products are tied to Mr. Beast's personal brand and reputation for quality, conversion rates are higher than traditional advertising. Now, let's add the third layer, equity and investment. In 2023, Mr. Beast raised $150 million in funding, reportedly valuing his overall business at $1.5 billion. That valuation wasn't based on YouTube ad revenue. It was based on the ecosystem. Investors weren't buying a share of a YouTube channel. They were buying a share of a media company that owns consumer brands, licensing deals, production infrastructure, and an audience distribution system that reaches hundreds of millions of people monthly. Here's how the cycle compounds. Mr. Beast produces expensive YouTube videos that lose money on ad revenue alone. Brand deals and integrations cover those losses and generate profit. That profit gets reinvested into production budgets, making videos even bigger and more expensive. Bigger videos get more views. More views mean higher brand deal fees. Higher fees mean more capital to launch and scale consumer products. Consumer products generate revenue independent of YouTube. That revenue gets used to fund even larger productions which market the products to even larger audiences. Meanwhile, the entire operation becomes more valuable to investors because it's no longer just a content creator. It's a vertically integrated media and consumer goods company that happens to distribute primarily through YouTube. The YouTube videos aren't the business. They're the engine that powers multiple businesses simultaneously. But there's a fourth layer most people don't see. Licensing and international expansion. Mr. Beast doesn't just operate a single YouTube channel. He runs multiple channels in different languages. Mr. Beast and Espanol, Mr. Beast Hindi, Mr. Beast Portuguese. Each channel is localized with different hosts and production teams, but using the same format and brand. The content is adapted, not translated. Local creators host. local audiences engage, but the underlying structure and revenue model remains identical. In 2023, his international channels combined reached over 100 million subscribers. Those channels generate their own ad revenue, their own brand deals, and their own consumer product sales in local markets. Feastables launched in Walmart stores across the United States in 2023. By 2024, it was expanding into international retail chains. The business model that works in the US gets replicated globally. Same format, same cycle, different markets. And because Mr. Beast already proved the model works at scale, international expansion requires less trial and error. The playbook already exists. This is where the wealth accumulation accelerates beyond what typical creators can achieve. Most YouTubers plateau. They hit the ceiling where ad revenue caps out, sponsorship fees stop growing, and audience growth slows. The only way to make more money is to work more hours or raise prices incrementally. Mr. Beast's model doesn't plateau because it's not dependent on his personal labor. The system scales independently. Now, here's where it gets interesting and slightly uncomfortable. The entire model depends on one thing, pension. As long as Mr. Beast videos keep getting views, the cycle continues. Brand deals keep coming. Products keep selling. Investments keep flowing. But YouTube's algorithm is fickle. Audience preferences shift. Competitors emerge. Scandals happen. In late 2024, Mr. Beast faced allegations related to unsafe conditions on set, workplace culture issues, and concerns about the ethics of some of his content formats. Whether those allegations were fair or exaggerated is almost irrelevant to the business model. What matters is that any sustained controversy could reduce viewership. Lower views mean less valuable brand deals. Less valuable deals mean lower production budgets. Lower budgets mean less competitive content. Less competitive content means fewer views. The cycle that compounds upward can also spiral downward. And unlike traditional businesses that have diversified revenue streams and long-term contracts, Mr. Beast's empire is built on something fundamentally unstable, cultural relevance. He's not selling a product people need. He's selling attention to brands and products people want because of association with his content. If the content stops performing, the entire structure wobbles. 10:15 to 1050. There's also a deeper question nobody seems to be asking. What happens when the spectacle stops scaling? Mr. Beast has already recreated Squid Game. He's given away private islands. He's built chocolate factories. He's buried himself alive. He's launched rockets. At a certain point, the premise itself becomes unsustainable. You can't keep raising production budgets indefinitely. Eventually, you hit the ceiling of what's physically possible or financially justifiable. And when that happens, the cycle breaks, not because of failure, but because of physics. Other entertainment companies solve this problem with franchises and intellectual property. Disney doesn't need to make every movie bigger than the last because they own characters and stories that audiences return to regardless of budget. Mr. Beast's content doesn't work that way. Every video has to be bigger than the last. That's the expectation he's built. So, the real question isn't how Mr. Beast built a $700 million empire. The real question is how long the cycle can sustain itself before the physics of spectacle catch up with the economics of attention. And nobody, not even Jimmy Donaldson, knows the answer to that

- The SECRET Behind MrBeast’s Spending Revealed 🤫: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that giving away millions of dollars could actually make you richer? Sounds insane, right? But that's exactly what Jimmy Donaldson, better known as Mr. Beast, does. He hands out stacks of cash, cars, even private islands. And yet, every year he earns more than he gives. So, the real question is, is Mr. beast crazy with money? Or is he a financial genius playing a game we don't even understand yet? Stick with me because by the end of this video, you'll not only understand how Mr. Beast makes his money back, you'll know how you can apply these same principles to build wealth in your own life. This isn't just about YouTube. It's about reprogramming your mindset about money, value, and impact. Let's break it down. Most people think Mr. Beast spends millions, but what he's really doing is reinvesting. Every $100,000 challenge video, every $1 million game, that's not random generosity. It's strategic marketing. It's content reinvestment that earns views, ad revenue, sponsorships, and long-term brand loyalty. Imagine walking into a casino, but every time you bet a dollar, you win two back. Would you ever leave? Mr. Beast reinvests 70 to 80% of what he earns into new content. Lesson: Wealthy people don't hoard money, they put it to work. Ask yourself, are you spending or reinvesting in your growth? But here's the crazy part. Even when he gives money away with no return, he still wins. how Mr. Beast has built a brand of generosity. He's not just a YouTuber. He's the guy who makes dreams come true. In a world full of fake flexes and rented Lamborghinis, Mr. Beast's kindness cuts through like a spotlight. That's what keeps people clicking, sharing, and subscribing. He's basically Santa Claus with a camera and a billiondoll strategy. Generosity makes him unforgettable. In personal finance, the lesson is clear. Giving strategically can multiply your influence and open unexpected doors. But impact alone doesn't make you rich. So, how does he turn those massive giveaways into cold, hard cash? Mr. Beast doesn't just upload. He builds businesses around attention. Every viral video drives traffic to Mr. Beast burgers, Fastables, and his merch store. He's created an economy within his empire. So, while you're watching someone win a Lamborghini, you're craving a Mr. Beast chocolate bar. That's genius level monetization. Most YouTubers stop at a sponsorship deal. Mr. Beast said, "Nah, I'll build the company instead." Lesson: Don't just chase income. Build infrastructure. Side hustle. Build around it. Got attention, monetize it. No business, start one. But there's one reason all of this actually works. And it's a principle so few people live by. Despite earning tens of millions, Mr. Beast still lives in a modest house, drives a regular car, no mansion, no designer fits, no flexing. He's playing a long game, not a rich today, broke tomorrow game. That's what separates temporary influencers from legacy builders. Most millionaires lose it all in 5 years. Why? Because they let money manage them instead of managing money. Mr. Beast's mindset, purpose over pleasure. If you want wealth, this is the hack. Live like you're broke while building like a boss. So, now you see the truth. Mr. Beast isn't crazy. He's disciplined, focused, and strategic. And you don't need millions to start thinking like him. Here's how you can apply it. Reinvest in yourself. Courses, tools, skills. It pays you back. Create your own ecosystem. Whether it's a small business, digital product, or content brand, build around you. Give generously. Value attracts value. Live below your means. Be rich in decisions, not just in dollars. The difference between broke and wealthy is rarely income. It's almost always mindset and movement. And now you have both. If this opened your eyes, hit subscribe because in 2 to 3 days, I'm dropping a brand new video on how you can invest like Mr. Beast. Even if you're just starting out, trust me, you don't want to miss it. Until then, keep learning, keep building, and remember, wealth favors the bold.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DynamohunterBD-q6r: Nice video
  2. @MDNishanMDnishan-z3v: Nice bro I pray you grow up
  3. @Shanta-z3l: Ne,t video
  4. @Shanta-z3l: Good video

- The Incredible Earnings of Top YouTubers @MrBeast || How Much Youtuber Actually Makes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome to the Joe Dropping World of YouTube What If You Learned That the Biggest Stars Here Make More in a Year Than Most Hollywood Actors Today We Reveal How Top Creators Like Mr. Beast Earn 100s of Millions and How YouTube Turns Regular People Into Global Celebrities YouTube Has Over 2.7 Billion Monthly Users The Platform Launches New Digital Superstars Every Year But How Much Can Top Users Really Earn Jimmy Donaldson A.K.A. Mr. Beast Is Leading the Pack He Is Known for Epic Stunts, Giveaways, and Philanthropy In Just One Year He Reportedly Earned Over 700 Million Breaking Records Across the Entertainment World How Do They Do It? Ad Revenue Paid Directly by YouTube Based on Video Views Brand Sponsorships Companies Spend Millions for Creators to Showcase Their Products Merchandise Custom T-Shirts Gadgets and Limited Editions Are Hot Sellers Viral Events Have Giveaways and Unique Challenges Keep Viewers Coming Back Yours Have Transcended the Platform Becoming True Pop Culture Icons Their Reach and Influence Rival Traditional Celebrities Inspired to Launch Their Own Channel and Curious About Future YouTube Millionaires Hit Subscribe for More Behind-the-Scenes Stories and the Secrets of Social Media Superstars

- MrBeast Chocolate vs. YouTube: Which Empire Makes Him More Money?: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast's chocolate empire bigger than YouTube. Did you know Mr. Beast might be making more money from chocolate than from his YouTube channel? It sounds crazy, but let's dive into the numbers. Mr. Beast launched Feastables, his chocolate brand, with a clear goal. Dominate the snack market. The brand focuses on highquality ingredients and engaging marketing. Feastables quickly gained popularity, leveraging Mr. Beast's massive fan base. The chocolate bars are available in major retailers. across the country. While Mr. Beast's YouTube channel generates substantial revenue through ads and sponsorships, Beastable's sales are skyrocketing. Industry experts estimate Eastwood's revenue could surpass YouTube earnings. The key is scalability. Chocolate sales have the potential to reach a much wider audience than YouTube views alone. Mr. Beast's success with festivals demonstrates his business acumen beyond content creation. He's building a diversified empire. This move allows him to control his brand and revenue streams more effectively. It also opens doors for future ventures in the food and beverage industry. Ready to learn more about Mr. Beast's business strategies and how he's revolutionizing the creator economy? Subscribe to our channel for in-depth analyses and exclusive content. Don't forget to hit the notification bell so you never miss an update.

- MrBeast’s 24-Hour Earnings Revealed: Kind: captions Language: en This is Mr. Beast, the biggest YouTuber on the planet. Every upload feels like an event. Millions of people, one click, instant chaos. But this video right here, ages 1 to 100, racing for $250,000. This is a machine. Because the moment this video went live, the clock started ticking. Views, ads, money. And what most people don't realize is this. The first 24 hours decide everything. Not the title, not the thumbnail, the first day. So, how much did this video actually make in just one day? Let's break it down. All right, this is where it gets interesting. You're looking at real data, real time, no estimates, tracking the beast's video minuteby minute. And notice something first. The revenue is blurred. Not because it's secret, but because context matters. Let's rewind. 10 hours after upload, 15 million views. Yes, 15 million. Most creators would already call this a career moment, but look at the revenue. It's not exploding. It's barely warming up. At 10 hours, this video made $7,000. That surprises people because views come fast. Money doesn't. Not yet. And this is where most people get it wrong. Now, watch what happens next. 15 hours in, 21 million views. That's six million new views in just five hours. Same video, same audience, but something changes. Revenue jumps to $34,000. Not double, not gradual, a sharp turn. This is the moment the system wakes up because ads don't hit all at once. They stack. And once YouTube understands the momentum, it starts pushing harder. This is where the pattern starts breaking. Now, pay attention. 19 hours after upload, 24 million views, only 3 million more views. But the money, $65,000. Let that sink in. Fewer new views, almost double the money. That's not luck. That's acceleration. This is what happens when a video proves it can hold attention at scale. The algorithm stops testing and starts committing. And now the first full day, 24 hours after upload, 27 million views. At this point, everyone expects the curve to flatten, but it doesn't. It snaps. $114,000 in one day. Not lifetime, not a month, just the first 24 hours. And here's the part most people miss. This wasn't about viral luck or thumbnails or even views. It was about momentum. This is why Mr. Beast doesn't just get views. He controls momentum. And once you understand momentum, you stop chasing views and start building systems that print them.

- How Much Does MrBeast Make In A Day?: Kind: captions Language: en This is Mr. Beast. >> Mr. Beast. >> Mr. Beast. He is the biggest YouTuber on the planet and he's building empires. >> The NFL is now under the ownership of one individual. Jimmy Donaldson, Mr. Beast. >> I mean, is there anything this man can't do? >> Yeah. I mean, I'm only 26 and we have the largest YouTube channel in the world. And Beast Games is going to shatter some pretty crazy records. And we do nine figures in festivals. >> I just bought this luxurious private jet. I spent $2.5 a million dollars on this private jet >> and it's because I'm really good at obsessing over one thing more than anyone else on the planet. Like I lost tens of millions of dollars because no one wants to live the life I live and be in my head. They would be miserable. Mr. Beast is worth an estimated $500 million. If we divide that by the number of days since his channel was created back in February 2012, that works out to roughly $125,000 every single day. But it's not that simple. You see, Jimmy hasn't just built the most successful YouTube channel in the history of the platform. He's built one of the most complex business empires the internet has ever seen. We're talking brand deals worth tens of millions. Businesses valued in the hundreds of millions. And even a real estate empire so large it could rival a Fortune 500 company, making the real amount he earns in a day an unbelievably large number. Welcome to Home of Finance, where we dive deep into the biggest financial mysteries. Hit subscribe for a cookie. Just like Mr. Beast says, let's start with what everyone can see, his main YouTube channel. As of right now, Mr. Beast's main channel has over 28 billion views. Most people think YouTube pays per view, but that's not how it works. YouTube pays based on something called RPM. That's revenue per meal, which basically means how much you earn per thousand views. And this is where it gets interesting. The average YouTuber makes between $3 to $5 RPM. But Mr. Beast's content is so advertiser friendly. His audience is so engaged and his demographics are so valuable that he's likely on the higher end with around $5 RPM on his main channel. So, let's do the math. 28 billion views times $5 per thousand views. That's $140 million just from his main YouTube channel. But here's where everyone gets it wrong. They take that number, divide it by however many years he's been doing this, and think they've figured out his daily earnings. But that's not how this works at all. See, what most people don't realize is that Mr. Beast doesn't just have one channel. He has multiple channels in different languages. Mr. Beast Spanish, Mr. Beast Hindi, Mr. Beast Japanese, and more. These international channels combined have over 15 billion additional views. Now, these channels don't make as much per view because international audiences typically generate lower ad revenue. So, we're looking at around a 3 RPM instead of five. A quick crunch of the numbers reveals another $45 million from his international channels. Combine all those channels and we're looking at about $185 million total from YouTube. If we spread that across the last 3 years of his explosive growth, that's roughly $169,000 per day just from YouTube ad revenue. That's more than what most people make in 3 years. And he makes it every single day. But again, it's not that simple because YouTube revenue is actually just a small portion of Jimmy's income. And when I say small, I mean tiny compared to what's coming next. Let's talk sponsorships. When you have 400 million plus subscribers across all platforms and billions of views, brands aren't just willing to pay you, they're willing to pay you stupid money. According to industry insiders and leaked information, Mr. Beast charges anywhere from $2.5 to $3.5 million per sponsored video on his main channel, and he typically does two to three sponsored videos per month. Let me put that in perspective. That's one sponsored video paying him more than most people will earn in their entire lifetime. So, conservatively, let's say 6 million per month from sponsorships. That breaks down to about 200,000 per day just from brand deals, bringing our new total to 369,000 per day. That's over a third of a million every 24 hours. Enough to purchase a home, which he didn't just do once, but instead did dozens and dozens of times. Which brings us to his next income source, real estate. Most YouTubers dream of mansions. But Mr. Beast quietly went and bought an entire neighborhood. He started with his own house in 2018, a four-bedroom property in Greenville, North Carolina for about $320,000. Over the following years, he purchased four additional nearby homes. One for $263,000 in 2020 and three more in the years following, totaling just over $2 million. Now, here comes the kicker. While these homes are modest on the surface, they're in Greenville, a market that's been heating up as he turns the area into Beastville. Real estate in that area has appreciated and let's conservatively estimate those homes are now worth 2.5 million combined. That nets him roughly $470,000 in unrealized equity beyond his initial investment just sitting there growing. If we advertise that over a year, that's nearly $1,300 per day, adding another $1,300 to the daily total. But we haven't even talked about his largest income source yet. And this is where things get absolutely bonkers. While everyone's focused on his YouTube videos, Jimmy's been quietly building a business empire. Let's start with Beastburger. Beastburger isn't just some celebrity endorsement deal. It's a full-blown virtual restaurant chain operating over 1,700 locations across the US and internationally. Industry analysts estimate that Beastburger is pulling in around 100 to 150 million annually. And here's the kicker. As the owner, Jimmy's taking home roughly 15 to 20% of that after all expenses. Let's be conservative and say 120 million annually with a 15% profit margin. That's $18 million in profit per year, which breaks down to about $49,000 per day just from Beastburger, bringing Jimmy's daily estimated earnings just shy of 420,000. However, in 2023, Jimmy announced he was moving on from Beastburger, implying he sold his equity. Instead, he focused that time on his largest income source, Feastables. It first launched in 2022 and absolutely exploded. We're talking about a chocolate bar that's competing with Hershey's and Mars bars in major retailers like Walmart, Target, and 7-Eleven. Conservative industry estimates put Feastables at around 50 to 80 million in annual revenue. Given the margins on food products and Jimmy's equity stake, he's probably looking at around 10 to 15 million annually in profit from Feastables. Let's say 12 million per year. That's another 33,000 per day. But we're still missing one of Jimmy's biggest money machines, merchandise. Mr. Beast doesn't just drop the occasional hoodie. He's running one of the largest creator merch operations on the planet. Every time he does a new drop, whether it's shirts, hoodies, or limited edition designs, they sell out almost instantly. According to Industry Insiders, Mr. Beast's merch pulls in anywhere from 50 to 100 million annually, depending on the year and the drops. And after costs, that's conservatively $25 million in profit per year. Broken down, that's about 68,000 per day just from his clothing brand. So, when you think of Mr. Beast, don't just picture viral stunts and burgers. Picture an entire fashion brand that prints money almost as fast as his videos do. So, let's add this all up. From YouTube ad revenue alone, Mr. Beast brings in about $169,000 every single day. Sponsorships add another $200,000 daily. His real estate investments contribute about $1,300 per day in added value. Beastburger brings in roughly $49,000 per day and Fastables adds another $33,000 daily. On top of that, his merchandise empire tax on an extra $68,000 per day. Put all of that together and Jimmy Donaldson is making around $520,000 every single day. Thanks for watching Home of Finance. Subscribe to help us on our journey to 1,000 subscribers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HomeOfFinanceYT [22 likes]: How Much Does Kai Cenat Make In A Day?
https://youtu.be/edglUL2SYWI
  2. @SteGannon-oh6ne [2 likes]: Good on him tbh. Seems be smashing it.
  3. @jonnyrotten9676: who is he?
  4. @sauravchetiwal36: Mr beast said that he make 1 million dollar per day 😅😮
  5. @mammm8911: Industry Insiders
  6. @Oathmission: Beast burger has closed almost all locations
  7. @villewintermaul1907: Literally never heard of him 😅
  8. @markdehaan3867: I  can do that!  standing on my head
  9. @SteGannon-oh6ne: Why’s arsed somebody doing well mate
  10. @jeremywilson5296: I wish I could change peoples lives the way he does.
  11. @PrimeCutzMedia: wow, that's a lot of money indeed
  12. @AntoniSimanjuntak-f2l2l: Nice ❤
  13. @Tristan.Beckman: Just in the first part of the video this is way undershot beast has 139B views total 110B on his main channel of the 5$ per 1k is right that is 550M right there and another 87Ms at 3$ per 1k on the other channels so just off yt mr beast has made 637M
  14. @multilie3786: Its the company's money that this gentleman owns a portion of
  15. @wrongparadoxscience1485: But he doesn't really have any money in his personal life 😂 he donates all
  16. @Limsod-b8f: 0:45 Well I have a feeling this whole video is just you making assumptions, because he is worth billions not millions. Hes stated that in podcasts
  17. @jomnfx: Useless information
  18. @Suqhud: Don't you have to take into account the views his shorts get, which are worth much less than videos. You are combining them into the estimate. Most of his views are from youtube shorts.
  19. @YOSEMITE_Sami: I make more than that in GTA 5 ONLINE
  20. @JustRankings0: Wow

- How MrBeast Actually Became A Billionaire: Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy Donaldson used to record Minecraft videos in his bedroom and now runs a production company worth about $5 billion. And the YouTube channel you know him best from, it's losing money, all on purpose. Most people think Mr. Beast is just a dude giving away islands and Lamborghinis for YouTube views. But running quietly behind the scenes is one of the most aggressive money printing machines the internet [music] has ever seen. Last year, Beast Industries reportedly pulled in around $473 million in revenue. And the crazy part is Jimmy's main YouTube channel is basically a marketing expense that funds the whole operation. If you've ever watched a Mr. Beast video and thought, "Okay, but how does this guy afford [music] to do all of this?" That's exactly what we're going to unpack today. By the end of this video, you'll be able to sketch Beast's entire money system on a napkin. Where the cash comes from, where it leaks, and where real wealth is being built. All right, let's get into it. Phase one, the boring years. 2012, Jimmy creates the [music] channel. Today you see a guy giving away islands. But back then it was a teenager uploading video after video into the void of the internet. [music] No fireworks, no Squid Game remake, no Beast Land, just a kid experimenting with Minecraft clips, commentary, and random [music] challenges. Bad thumbnails slowly getting better, awkward commentary, tiny view counts slowly compounding. [music] From the outside, it looks like nothing's happening. But from the inside, he's compounding two things that explain [music] everything that comes later. How YouTube actually recommends videos. how far you can push an idea before people [music] click away. Most people quit here. Jimmy just kept on uploading. Phase two, the extreme spectacle. Then 2017 hits and he stumbles into the format responsible for his [music] first breakthrough. One simple premise, extreme execution. Count to 100,000. Read the dictionary. Say Logan Paul 100,000 times. [music] You hear the title and you instantly understand the entire video. Your brain quietly asks you, "Is he really going to do this?" That's the Mr. Beast template. Instant premise clarity. [music] He basically productized a video format that YouTube loves. Easy to click, easy to recommend, all with a satisfying conclusion. Once you have a repeatable product to, you can start pouring fuel on it. And that fuel is money. Phase three, add money, not as a flex, as a plot [music] device. Last to take their hand off the car wins a Lamborghini. Give a homeless man $10,000. [music] The cash does three jobs in content all at once. It raises the stakes. It creates sharability. People send it to friends and running behind the scenes. Ad revenue and brand deals from older videos get recycled into newer, bigger [music] stunts. On paper, the business model looks insane. Make money, give the money away, and repeat. But functionally, Jimmy is buying content distribution and [music] trust and goodwill with his audience. Phase four, philanthropy as infrastructure. 2019, team [music] trees. Goal, $20 million to plant 20 million trees. They hit it and then some. 2021, Team C's goal, remove 30 million pounds of trash out of the ocean. The final tally, over 34 million pounds removed. And that's not just nice guy points for doing it. These are realworld moments that often become videos and quietly [music] reinforce that this guy actually helps people part of the brand, which is real and true. Jimmy's viewers see him as the guy who does big ambitious things that also helps people. Jimmy isn't just farming views with his YouTube channel. He's building trust capital with his audience and also doing a great service at the same time. Phase five, from channel to network. Jimmy builds a multi- language content distribution network through YouTube. [music] Mr. Beast Man channel, maximum budget spectacle. Mr. Beast gaming, lowerc cost, highly engaged. Mr. Beast philanthropy, pure goodwill and [music] story. They start dubbing everything into different languages. Eventually more than 40. The YouTube channels are no longer just content for [music] the sake of content. They're a global distribution infrastructure that he owns. So why does this all matter? Because when Jimmy launches a product, he doesn't just launch to America. He gets to launch wherever YouTube reaches. And that sets up the next phase, turning that infrastructure into a massive cash flow. Phase six, the product era. In 2020, Mr. Beastburgger launches. And on paper, it seemed like a great idea for Jimmy. No need to build restaurants from [music] scratch, partner with ghost kitchens, put his name and face on the menu. Fans can order from thousands of locations. demand becomes instant overnight. However, the problem with any ghost kitchen model is the quality control of [music] the product itself. When you rely on hundreds of different kitchens, product quality becomes random. Some people get decent food. Others end up getting something that looks like a prank. Eventually, [music] it turns into lawsuits and a very public attempt by Jimmy to shut the whole thing down. Reported revenue drops from about 64 million in 2022 to 45 [music] million in 2023. The content creator lesson here is simple. Your audience can fill the top of funnel of any offer you make if you've built enough trust with them. However, it cannot fix a bad product or a broken operation. When your name is the product, your partner's mistakes [music] become your reputation. In a trustbased business, that's lethal. Then comes Fastables in 2022. Same basic idea. Use attention to sell a food product, but using a completely different architecture. Centralized manufacturing, consistent recipes, proper quality control, and real retail partners. You can put it in Walmart, Target, corner shops, and fans can impulse buy it every time they see [music] the rapper at checkout. Reported numbers for Feastables is around 250 million in sales and over 20 million in profit in 2025. This is the thing that most people miss. [music] The main YouTube channel can lose money and it's still rational, but only if Fastables and other product lines are making multiples of [music] that lost capital back. Think about it like this. Imagine a video costs 4 million to make. It earns 1 million in ad revenue and 1 million in brand sponsorships on just YouTube economics. [music] That's a terrible model for any channel to follow. But if that same video drives 20 million in Feastables sales over the next year, you'd be crazy not to make it. We'll come [music] back to this when we talk about how loss leaders have allowed Jimmy to scale his company by 7 figure multiples year-over-year. [music] Today, Jimmy's brand consists of Lunchley, toys, tools, software, and theme parks. Lunchley, a Lunchables style product launched with Logan Paul and KSI. Mr. Beast store, classic branded merch that turned viewers into walking billboards. Mr. Beast Lab Toys, retail products that live on toy aisles on their own. View stats, a creator analytics tool that serves other creators, not just fans. Virro, paying out hundreds of thousands of dollars to fans for clipping Beast Games episodes into short form content, outsourcing [music] distribution to the audience. And then there's Beastland. Beastand is his first theme park built in Saudi Arabia for his huge Middle Eastern audience. It's not a permanent Disneyland yet, but it's proof of [music] concept. Take the Beast universe into the real world. Give fans physical [music] experiences, not just screen time. That's the Disney playbook. Jimmy has literally talked about looking up to Walt Disney and seeing Disneyland as the ultimate version of turning ideas into real world experiences. Beast Land is the [music] first tile on that map and he's already publicly teased even crazier moves. A Mr. Beast Bank, Beast Mobile, Beast branded financial products. And we'll hit those when we zoom out to the full Disney map of [music] Beast Industries. But first, we have to understand why it's okay for the main channel to lose money and why that's not a bug, it's the design, the Costco chicken. How lost leaders work. To really understand the economics here, let's talk about Costco. Costco sells a rotisserie chicken for $4.99. They've kept it the same price for years. [music] And here's the secret everyone in retail knows. Costco is not making money on its chicken sales. In most cases, they're actually losing money. The chicken is a loss leader product. [music] When you walk into the store to just grab the chicken, but then you leave with snacks, toilet paper, maybe a TV, a $1.50 hot dog on the way out. It drags [music] customers into the store where they then buy more profitable stuff. Let's map that to the Mr. Beast YouTube channel. The main channel is his $4.99 [music] chicken. It's the thing that pulls hundreds of millions of people in. If he loses money on that channel, but it sells Fastables, moves [music] toys and merch, fills Beastand, makes streaming and platform deals happen, and attracts [music] investor capital, then that loss is just a fancy marketing budget. If you only look at AdSense and sponsor revenue, this model would make no sense. But if you look at Jimmy's companies as a whole ecosystem, [music] it becomes quickly the only model that makes sense. the funnel, how he monetizes those eyeballs, because this is the part you can actually copy. Top of funnel, the main channel, maximum eyeballs. The goal here, reach as many humans as possible, as often as possible. This is where Jimmy spends the most and often loses money. [music] But his YouTube channel is built to be a lead magnet, not a profit center. Middle of fall, one-off purchases, merch, [music] toys, experiences. Once you care even a little about Jimmy and the Mr. Beast brand. You might buy a hoodie or t-shirt from the Mr. Beast store. You might try Lunchly once because it's fun and you recognize his face. These are higher profit margin, but are not necessarily regularly occurring purchases. [music] Bottom of funnel, scalable, repeatable products and platforms. This is where you get to the real business. Beastables. You can buy it every grocery trip. Lunchly, repeatable lunch for kids [music] and families. Software and services. Beast mobile financial products under a Mr. Beast financial brand. creator platforms, tools like view stats, that's where the stable and scalable cash flow sits. Further down the funnel you go, the less it looks like a YouTube channel, and the more it looks like Disney, Hasbro, Netflix, [music] all rolled up into one. The Disney map, how Beast Industries really thinks. In 1957, Walt Disney drew a map of how his whole business worked. Films fed TV shows, TV shows fed parks, parks fed merch, merch fed more films. Jimmy has basically been building a modern version of that. You can think of the Mr. Beast world as six pillars with Jimmy sitting in the middle. YouTube digital media, Mr. Beast gaming, philanthropy, Beast Animations, Beast Labs, products, CPG and merch, Beastables, Sour Strikes, Lunchley, Mr. Beast store, Beastland theme parks, Beast Games, View Stats, and early moves towards Mr. Beast financial, the banking and money side. Every box on [music] this map feeds the others. The products then provide funding to make even bigger and crazier [music] videos. The videos and products together justify the software tools, financial products, the in-person experiences. It's creating a closed loop of cash flow that allows Jimmy [music] to scale his companies faster than anyone else in the creator space. Now that we've covered all of the upside for the Mr. Beast business model, we need to talk about how this can break [music] and come tumbling down. Jimmy's Mr. Beast ecosystem is not a guaranteed win and contains a few major points of failure. [music] Mr. Beastburgger shows that if partners mess up execution of his product, the audience will blame him, not the supplier. For a brand built on trust and generosity, bad [music] experiences compound viewer trust in the wrong direction quickly. If every frame starts to feel like a [music] sales pitch, fans can feel used. Jimmy has to keep balancing I'm giving more than I take with I'm clearly building a giant company here. If that balance tilts too far, the flywheel slows. Platform dependence. The Mr. Beast YouTube channel all hedges against one algorithm flip wiping out the whole content engine. YouTube, Tik Tok, [music] streaming partners, any rule change can limit audience reach overnight, which in turn leads to fewer physical products [music] sold, less eyeballs on content, lower brand sponsorship rates, and a decrease in company valuation, too much distribution, not enough scarcity. If everything is everywhere all of the time, then nothing feels special. If uploads, drops, and collabs become too frequent and too ubiquitous, the magic can wear [music] off. Part of what made early Mr. Beast uploads feel insane was the novelty. Familiarity turns into boredom over an extended period of time. Disney fights this by aventizing releases and protecting its biggest intellectual property. Jimmy will have to manage the same tension for Mr. Beast brand to succeed. He has to use his reach without flooding the market so hard the brand stops feeling like a remarkable novelty. Keyman risk. Jimmy is still the product. In a traditional company, the brand is the asset and the executives are replaceable. In a creator company, the creator is the asset and everything else is replaceable. That's a flipped model. If Jimmy burns out, falls out of favor, or god forbid, something happens to him, views would drop, partners get nervous. Beast Animations, Beast Labs, Beast Land, and the Beast Universe, all of that is an attempt [music] to reduce this keyman risk by building IP that can live without him in every frame. But today, the reality is simple. If Jimmy disappears, the compounding slows down dramatically, which is exactly why his future plans matter so much. future plans where this could go next based on what Jimmy said publicly and where the business is moving. The next phase of the Mr. Beast empire will likely consist of expansion of the Beast universe. Beast Animations and [music] Beast Labs are early stabs at animation and IP. A full Beast Universe characters, stories, worlds means the brand can live in shows, comics, games, toys, even if Jimmy never appears on screen. [music] More Beastlands. The Saudi Park is a test. And if it works, a permanent Beastland in America is an obvious next step. More CPG products and [music] household categories. From chocolate and lunch kits into drinks, cereal, snacks, each new category is another way to turn one view into 10 purchases. Financial products and banking. [music] Jimmy has openly teased the idea of a Mr. Beast Bank. A financial product layered on top of a massive [music] young global audience is a serious move. Get it right and you've got monthly recurring revenue at the core of [music] people's financial lives. get it wrong and you break the trust much faster than any [music] less than average chocolate bar or burger ever could. Long-term, the real test is, can Beast Properties, [music] Products, and Parks thrive when Jimmy isn't in every video or on every thumbnail. Disney went from Walt to Disney, then to Mickey and Marvel and Star [music] Wars. Beast Industries is still somewhere between Jimmy and Mr. Beast. If they can cross that gap, this becomes a 50-year company instead of a 10-year run. [music] And we're watching that transition happen in real time. Now, here's what you can actually steal from this. Audience first, product [music] second. Jimmy spent years getting good at making people care before he launched serious products. [music] Reverse that order and you're begging. Treat your content like the Costco chicken. It might lose on direct revenue, but if it pulls people into something else that's profitable, then that's a win. Never outsource your core [music] quality. Mr. Beastburgger failed because the experience wasn't under his control. Feastables worked because it was. You don't need hundreds of employees [music] to do a smaller version of that. You just need to stop thinking, "How do I get more views and start thinking, how do I turn attention into a compounding [music] system?" Mr. Beast didn't accidentally stumble into a $5 billion valuation. He spent a decade mastering a platform, turning money into story, story into trust, trust [music] into products, and turning products into massive cash that can outgrow any single video. If you want more breakdowns like this on how creators and business empires actually make their money, hit subscribe. We have a lot more videos on the way soon. And check out this next video where we dissect Jake Paul's portfolio, a multi-8 figure private equity machine.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RageRollz [12 likes]: Remember me when you're famous 😅
  2. @ronwest4047 [5 likes]: It's been a while I have found something useful and informative in Youtube. Keep up a content like this and you have my word, I'll always be your subscriber!
  3. @SkeletonHealth1 [5 likes]: Bro idk how you don't have at least 10k yet so I subscribed 😊
  4. @iloveshoes2608 [4 likes]: This will be a 10 million subscriber channel under 2 years i call it.
  5. @GraduatlonBear [4 likes]: Amazing video! Great quality, I know these vids probably take like 6 hours per day across multiple days to make.
  6. @PortfolioBreakdown [1 likes]: who should we cover next?
  7. @PR3ME2 [1 likes]: Bro is literally Chat GPT in human form
  8. @nomoreusernamesleft1 [1 likes]: Your channel is literally about understanding money and youre making such high quality videos you are going to blow up for sureee and 2000 of us got here  early!
  9. @hayChihuahua [1 likes]: He's a genius
  10. @Thisisraita: Wow . Great content
  11. @dre-tw4bu: I think 15-20 minute videos is your best bet for these videos keep it up your going to blow up this Channel great video 

 I would suggest longer videos for you can actually explain everything but overall amazing
  12. @Veijo_na: 2026 big shot channel 50K Subscribers on this believe me 💯
  13. @Spectr7773: Great vid! Absolutely nailed it.

- Watch My Super Bowl Ad To Win $1,000,000!: Kind: captions Language: en I'd like to withdraw $1 million. Well, where's your security? [clicks tongue] Uh… [nervous laugh] Uh-- Yo, we need to go. What's taking so long? Nolan, I'm busy right now. Ok? Can you just give me some time? I need the money. -Name? -Jimmy. What do you want the money for, Johnny? Jimmy, and I really can't tell you. Ok, what's your job? I make YouTube videos. [chuckles] What is your job? Yo! Our tanks are getting towed. The sign says 30 minute parking. Just go figure it out. Go figure it out. What on Earth are you going to do with $1 million? It's a secret. I really can't tell you. You gotta tell me, or we have no more to discuss. Uh, can you guys give us a minute? You guys as well, can you all just… Yeah. Yeah, and you should go with them if you're not gonna tell me-- Listen here, granny. I'm doing a super secret Super Bowl commercial where I'm giving away $1 million and we’re hiding it in a base in the desert. And the last thing I need is this million dollars. Desert? I thought it would be cooler. Cooler? It's a vault with $1 million, with a giant base, hundreds of guards, thousands of lasers. How is that not cool? Hey, Jim. We really need to speed this up. I've got Salesforce on the line. Oh! -Are you ok? -I love Salesforce. -Me and Marc need the million dollars. -Ah! Oh, Johnny. You know Marc Benioff? I know him, yeah… Mr. Marc Benioff? Yeah, and he would love it if you gave us the money. That million dollars? Yeah. Oh yes, absolutely. [Jimmy] Yup, you got it. Right there. Send over a million dollars immediately for Johnny. Yes. Uh, it's right there. The million dollars is right there. My favorite Salesforce tool is Slack. -[Jimmy stuttering] -My bank uses it all the time! I love to hear that. By the way, during the fourth quarter of the game this Sunday is when our commercial will air. You gonna watch it? Oh, oh, I would never miss it. Ok, you might win $1 million! Bye, Johnny! Are you kidding me? Jimmy's never gonna believe this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [6200 likes]: Watch my commercial tomorrow during the big game to find out how to win! While you wait: Missing a playlist? Use this one: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLj-VLkYRjRxm5HVGFVpPP5W7jkvvzd1q7
  2. @sallyadel8384 [1 likes]: Guyton hq I don't know what to do with 20 and I 664 6
  3. @ALTHAF-b1x [1 likes]: aktd😂skgx
  4. @Sঅব্রি.75-b9q: আমি বাংলা দেশ থেকে বলছি আমি আপনার বিশাল বড় ফ্যান
  5. @Sঅব্রি.75-b9q: আমি বাংলা দেশ থেকে বলছি আমি আপনার বিশাল বড় ফ্যান
  6. @Sঅব্রি.75-b9q: আমি বাংলা দেশ থেকে বলছি আমি আপনার বিশাল বড় ফ্যান
  7. @Sঅব্রি.75-b9q: আমি বাংলা দেশ থেকে বলছি আমি আপনার খুব বড় ফ্যান
  8. @Sঅব্রি.75-b9q: আমি বাংলা দেশ থেকে বলছি আমি আপনার সব ভিডিও
  9. @DerejeBateu: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  10. @onlyupfromhere190: Wares my money 💴
  11. @MariaLuna-r1t: 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Jhonny
  12. @MariaLuna-r1t: Awesome jimmy
  13. @Geometry-f7b: 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷❤ I love you msbeast
  14. @shakilahmed1586: Jimmy brother love you from Bangladesh ❤🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
  15. @AshokSaday-r9b: 🎉🎉🎉🎉😮
  16. @AliAli-y7z5j: 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  17. @100kSubscribers43: Where is my 🤌
  18. @LabibHasan-b6v: ❤❤❤
  19. @MARYIbrahim-g7v: I wish to win ❤ amen
  20. @AdrayYansyah: Salam penggemar berat dari Indonesia MrBeast😅

- How Much Money Does MrBeast Make Per Video? Complete Income Breakdown: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever clicked on a Mr. Beast video and thought, "How much money did he make from this one video? Not in a year, not in a month, but from a single upload." Because let's be honest, when someone gives away $1 million, builds real houses, buys islands, or recreates Squid Game in real life, you can't help but wonder where all that money comes from. So today on how Much Things, we are breaking down the real numbers behind Mr. Beast's videos. Not guesses, not hype, but realistic estimates based on ads, sponsors, views, and business strategy. And trust me, the final number might shock you. Let's start from the beginning. Mr. Beast's real name is Jimmy Donaldson. He started YouTube like millions of other kids. No money, no studio, just a camera and an idea. For years, he barely earned anything. He failed again and again. But one thing he did differently was study YouTube like a science. He analyzed thumbnails, titles, watchtime, retention, everything. And when he finally cracked the formula, YouTube changed forever. Today, Mr. Beast is not just a YouTuber. is a media company, a brand, and a business empire. So, when we ask how much does Mr. Beast earn from every video, we are actually asking multiple questions at once because his income does not come from just one source. Let's break it down step by step. First, let's talk about the most obvious income source, YouTube ads. Every time you watch a Mr. Beast video ads appear before, during, or after the video. Advertisers pay YouTube. YouTube shares that money with the creator. Now, here's the important part. Mr. Beast's audience is mostly from the United States, Canada, UK, and other high-paying countries. That means his CPM is very high. CPM means cost per 1,000 views. For average creators, CPM might be $2 to $5. But for top creators with US audiences, CPM can easily be $10 to $20, sometimes even more. Let's be conservative. Let's assume Mr. Beast earns $10 CPM from ads. Now look at his views. A normal Mr. Beast video gets 100 million views. Some videos cross 200 million. Some even reach 300 million views. Let's take the lowest viral number, 100 million views. Now do the math. 100 million views divided by 1,000 equals 100,000 units. 100,000 units multiplied by $10 CPM equals $1 million. Yes, from ads alone, one Mr. Beast video can earn around $1 million. And remember, this is a safe estimate. Some reports suggest his CPM is even higher, but we're just getting started. Now, let's talk about the real money. Sponsors. Companies love Mr. Beast. Why? Because his videos don't just get views, they get attention. People don't skip his videos, they watch till the end. That makes sponsorships insanely valuable. A normal YouTuber with 1 million views might charge 20 to $50,000 for a sponsor. Mr. Beast is not normal. For Mr. Beast, one sponsorship deal can cost $1 million to $3 million, sometimes even more. And many of his videos have multiple sponsors. Let's assume just one sponsor per video. Even then, that's easily $1 to $2 million per video. And unlike ads, this money goes directly to him. No revenue split. So now let's add it up. Ad revenue around $1 million sponsorship. Around $2 million total so far. $3 million per video. But we're still not done. This is where things get crazy. Mr. Beast doesn't just make videos. He owns businesses. And his videos act like free advertisements for those businesses. Let's talk about the biggest ones. Feastables is Mr. Beast's chocolate brand. Every time he mentions it in a video, sales explode. Millions of people click the link. Millions buy the product. Even if just 1% of viewers buy a $5 chocolate bar from 100 million views, that's 1 million buyers. 1 million times $5 equals $5 million in revenue. Even after costs, marketing and distribution, the profit is massive, and many videos promote Fastables directly or indirectly. Mr. Beastburgger is another huge brand. It operates through ghost kitchens across the US and other countries. Again, videos drive traffic. People order because it's Mr. Beast. That brand power is priceless. Even if one video brings just $1 million in extra profit from his brands, that's still huge. Now, let's talk about merch, hoodies, t-shirts, limited drops. Mr. Beast's fans love buying merch, and merch profit margins are high. A hoodie that sells for $40 might cost $15 to make. That's $25 profit per item. Again, let's be conservative. If just 0.5% of viewers buy merch from a 100 million view video, that's 500,000 buyers. 500,000 multiplied by $25 profit equals $12.5 million. Now, not every video pushes merch heavily. But even a small boost in sales is massive. Here's something most people don't realize. Mr. Beast doesn't just earn money once. His videos keep earning forever. A video uploaded 3 years ago is still getting millions of views every month. That means more ad revenue, more brand exposure, more sales, more sponsors. In the future, each video becomes a long-term asset. Like digital real estate, how much does Mr. Beast earn from every video? The real answer is it never stops earning. Now, let's be fair. Mr. Beast also spends a lot of money. His videos are expensive. Very expensive. Some videos cost $1 million to produce. Some cost $3 million. Some cost even more. He pays crew salaries, editors, producers, security locations, prizes, taxes. So, yes, his expenses are massive. But here's the key difference. Mr. Beast reinvests almost everything. He once said that he puts nearly all his money back into videos. Why? Because bigger videos equals more views equals more money. It's a loop. A very powerful loop. So, let's combine everything in a realistic way. Ad revenue, $1 million sponsorships, $2 million brands and merch influence, $2 to $5 million long-term value. millions more over time, even after expenses. A single Mr. Beast video can realistically generate $3 million to $8 million in total value. Some videos might earn less, some might earn way more. But one thing is clear, Mr. Beast is not just making content. He's building a money machine. And that's why he can give away millions, build houses, change lives. Because every video doesn't just entertain, it prints money. This was how much things. If you enjoyed this deep breakdown, make sure you stay curious because the numbers behind the world are always bigger than you

- I Studied MrBeast For 50 Hours Straight: Kind: captions Language: en I will be studying Mr Beast for 50 hours straight the time is currently 1pm and until 3 pm in two days I'm gonna study every single Mr Beast interview and podcast to learn how to become a better YouTuber I will write down every single piece of advice Mr B says and how many times he repeats it and the top 5 most repeated tips I will reveal in this video this is day one hour one I set up a Mr Beast wall in my room and every single time I complete a podcast or interview I put their name on the wall Mr Beast has been in a number of interviews and I will try to get through all of them in the next 50 hours I'm allowed to take breaks only to use the washroom to eat and of course talk to my girlfriend so for my first break I had dinner at McDonald's the next day I felt like McDonald's wasn't really good enough and so of course you know I had to order a b style burger combo but apart from that I just kept studying why am I doing this not only is Mr Beast the best YouTuber to learn from but I am also his number one fan he's on my wall he's on my computer I have his merch I've slapped him over 200 000 times I have his stickers I have his bag the list goes on I'm actually learning a lot which is pretty nice I mean Mr Beast can go on for hours and hours just in part in his wisdom whatever [Music] okay just kidding but one thing that I did discover Mr Beast and Mr b6000 are not really the same person since you're about to graduate high school and go to college we wanted to give you fifty thousand dollars to put towards College click here to enlarge on your penis why not oh [Applause] you hear me talking now yes oh my God I want to cry Chris I was thinking about robbing a store you can't do that you'll get shot Jimmy I'm white oh yeah thank you so much for watching this entire video by doing that you're allowing us to help make the world a better place not only do black people not have rights in Roblox but neither do women like when did Roblox get so realistic okay that's enough procrastinating for now I'm actually gonna get back to studying for real at the end of day two I had not studied enough and I was not satisfied so I decided no sleep and although it was mostly successful for two hours I was just so exhausted and I caved thankfully I woke up and kept studying and studying and when it was over this is what my wall finally looked like so now for the important part what did I learn just as promised here are Mr BEAST's top five most frequently restated pieces of advice if you surround yourself with people with the same goals as you and who are living how you want to live then being your ideal self becomes much more automatic plus you should learn from each other's mistakes and successes which will make learning for you exponentially faster compared to if you had just done everything alone so put together a team of like-minded and committed individuals and share your brain power don't be selfish remember to pool your knowledge money is one of the three main factors that impact the quality of a video the other two being effort and creativity so treat your channel like a business wherein the revenue that you generate from said business gets reinvested to make the business better whether that be through equipment supplies any setup fees every single dollar accounts you need to constantly be learn learning new things if you don't continuously expand your well of knowledge then you will eventually drain your head out of ideas and start getting repetitive but always learning new things no matter what they are can provide inspiration from you to draw upon when thinking of your next ideas plus you never know what information is out there that could change your life Mr Beast estimates the average YouTuber life span to only be two years this is because a lot of YouTubers will find one or a few successful ideas and milk the crap out of them without ever changing things up if you want to have a longer lifespan on YouTube you need to constantly innovate your content to be better and explore new territory otherwise you're gonna find that your channel starts to go stale the easy easiest way to become successful is to truly low and truly love it then you will obsess you will devote your time into studying the art and you will put practicing this art above what other people think of you socially as Mr Beast always likes to say you're an idiot until you're successful despite being his most frequently stated piece of advice Mr Beast does sometimes hesitate to give it one thing is for sure if you do have what it takes then while everybody's strong work ethic is here yours will be there of course I don't want 50 hours to be relegated to just five tips so I'm going to leave in my description a word or PDF document that explains everything I learned and how frequently Mr B stated every single thing that I list down there so if you are interested go ahead and check out that document in the description let's end the video in a way that would make Mr Beast 6000 proud hey do you kids want penis enlargement pills holy dude that's what I need hell yeah I'm tired of little boy I'm tired of having this three inches

  Top Comments:
  1. @OhNoKapono [2 likes]: Nice video! You put a lot of work into it clearly 😂 

I'm curious though if you actually agree with these "rankings" though as the order of importance? 

I've listened to several Mr Beast interviews before, and to me, it seems like the heart of what he's saying is simply: "Make Good Videos". I believe that is his number 1 core advice, not "Obsess". 

And with that said, I actually would say that Number 10: "Videos are Key" and Number 16: "Quality over Quantity" are essentially the same point. So in a way, it goes up in the rankings too and Mr Beast/you video actually "agree" with me haha. 

However,  I dont actually think the number of times said is a good indicator though, because it goes against the heart of the belief - quality over quantity 😉
  2. @Stoprizzingmeupdaddy [2 likes]: Bro put so much work into this video good work
  3. @frianfrias [1 likes]: Comment below what you think, are MrBeast and MrBeast6000 the same person?
  4. @maria__smaragda [1 likes]: This video is awesome! Keep up the great  work!
  5. @vikrantchaudhary5917 [1 likes]: My right hand is working only and my second hand is paralyzed...But in an exam I want 30 words per minute typing speed ..
Is there any chance that i can type 30 words per minute from my right hand only?
  6. @vikrantchaudhary5917 [1 likes]: Hello bro..
My right hand is working only and my second hand is paralyzed...But in an exam I want 30 words per minute typing speed ..
Is there any chance that i can type 30 words per minute from my right hand only?
  7. @andrewgeibel4334 [1 likes]: You did so well. Keep it up with the videos and you will blow up
  8. @timmyjohns4091 [1 likes]: Your videos are great remember me when you have 1m subs
  9. @halley_lu [1 likes]: MISTER FRIAS

- Trying MrBeast’s New FEASTABLES Formula (Old Formula VS New Formula): Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody it's me again those who have seen my videos before you guys might notice A Change of Atmosphere well that's because we're doing a taste test today and as you guys know by the title today's food will be the Mr Beast the new Mr Beast formula so I got both cuz I went to Target and I found the old one so I'm going to be comparing them because those who watch Mr Beast whenever he promotes his new bar he says this formula is way better than the old one so I'm going to be putting that to the test so let's get straight to it so I have had this formula before it was a long time ago so I'm going to need a refresher now I'm pretty sure there's like a little piece that I can take off okay it's on the other side yep the share portion now this one's good I remember it being pretty good oh yeah yeah it's great is this dark chocolate it kind of tastes like dark chocolate I don't really like dark chocolate but it says milk chocolate on the package all right so now that I've had this old formula we're going to try out that new formula that Mr Beast has been hyping up for quite some time now so let's open it up okay oh so it has the same con okay no it doesn't this is what the bar looks like kind of gives me that Hershey's vibe I don't mean to disrespect you Mr Beast cuz I know Hershey's is your competitors but yeah I mean it's like every other charate bar to be honest I'm going to get a little piece is right here and let's dig in oh yeah oh my gosh oh yeah oh yeah this formula this is oh my goodness that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good this beats oh my goodness yeah this beats this beats any other chocolate bar out there I'm going to be honest this beats Hershey's all of them all right all right all right so between these two bars I've decided and it's not even close the new formula definitely wins Mr Beast wasn't lying when he said this one's better I mean this bar exceeded my expectations definitely so this is definitely my new main chocolate that I'm going to be buying and yeah let me know if you guys enjoyed the video let me know if you guys want more food reviews and I'll see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @mujwlog: great vid

- How Feastables Chocolate is Made: Kind: captions Language: en You've heard me say that Feastables is the best-tasting chocolate in the world. And in this video, we're gonna pull back the curtain, hide no secrets, and show you exactly how we make this and why it's the best. I'm taking you on a journey from farm to factory to show you exactly how Feastables chocolate is made. And stick around, because later I'm revealing a brand-new Feastables flavor you've been begging for for years. Most of the chocolate brands you see in the grocery store are over 100 years old. And when I started Feastables, I realized a lot of chocolate companies are stuck in the past. How the ingredients are sourced to how they're put together. Everything was right for disruption. But before I tell you guys how we develop our chocolate, you need to see where it all begins. It all starts here, at our cacao farms. This is where your chocolate is born. Cacao pods grow right off the branches, off the cacao tree, and they take around 5-6 months to ripen. Harvesting is all done by hands using curved blades similar to this. Thank you. To cut the pods in half, then split them open with a machete. And when you crack that bad boy open, you'll see these sweet and tangy white beans. [coughs] It smells great... It’s slimey. This process is entirely manual and cannot be done by a machine. These beans are then left to ferment, and this is where chocolate gets its taste from. These farmers are the first step to bringing chocolate to life. But here's the reality. Over 70% of the world's cacao comes from West Africa, but most farmers here earn less than $1 a day. And that's why over 1.5 million children are involved in illegal child labor. When I learned this, I knew Feastables had to do things differently. And that's why 100% of our cacao is FairTrade certified. We pay farmers a living income reference price, and we only work with farms that use child labor monitoring and remediation systems, because when farmers are paid fairly, their kids can go to school and the farmers can focus on growing the best cacao. That, in my opinion, is where the quality of Feastables chocolate truly comes from. After a week of sun drying, the beans are ready for the next stage. Once the beans arrive back... They are dumped off at our factories like this. We then grab these beans and we roast them to unlock the chocolate flavor. You could've just left them in the bag. Then you take the roasted cacao, take off the shell, and you're left with cacao nibs like this. Then you take these cacao nibs and you turn it into a cacao liquor. You then take this cacao liquor, and separate it into cacao butter, cacao cake, and cacao powder, allowing you to recombine them in the right ratios to make the flavor profile you want. Before a single flavor becomes a reality, we send out surveys to you guys, our fans, asking exactly what flavors you wanna see next. Then, we turn those ideas into thousands of prototypes. I taste hundreds of formulas, and we run a blind test with thousands of people until one flavor crushes the rest. We asked over a quarter of a million of you which flavor you wanted to see next, and the winner, reveal it… was our brand-new Feastables Caramel bar. Beautiful. You see, this is a dairy forward, small batch, kettle cooked caramel. -We didn't take any shortcuts. -No shortcuts. -No fake flavors. None of that cheap, added caramel color! -No, none of that! -None of 'em! Ok. We use real butter. Sweetened condensed milk. Heavy cream. That's creamy. Brown sugar. [laughing] Oh my God! A little bit of vanilla, a little bit of salt. Get to stirring. I can't wait. Oh, that’s really creamy. Check out this bad boy right here. Look at that! Look at how drippy it is. Look at that. Now that you know how Feastables caramel is made, I'll take you to the taste test room, where I invited hundreds of strangers to do a blind taste test on our new Feastables caramel bar. Here's what they had to say. Oh man, that's good. I really like the caramel on the inside. This is really good. The texture's great. The texture's nice and smooth. That's excellent. Really smooth and… Deep and rich. I'm usually not a huge chocolate person, but this is actually really good. Mmm. It's really good. 10 out of 10. Recommend. I recommend you get your own. Can I take a bar with me? Of course! It seems the new caramel bar is a hit. And now, Karl is gonna go to the factory and show you what's inside. I'm going to the factory. It's on the other side of America. What? On the other side of America. Your plane leaves tomorrow. You heard me correct. I sent Karl and Nolan inside the factory so you can see this bar come to life. You might not know this, but we're actually expert taste testers on a professional level. [laughing] First, the boys must melt down 500lbs of butter into a giant tank. [grunts] That's a lot of butter. Pull, pull, pull. Alright, ready? There it goes! [laughing] We need new gloves. It's in my eyeball. That butter is transported into a giant kettle, which is then mixed with simple, high-quality ingredients to create our caramel. And now we're adding the rest of the ingredients to the caramel. The first ingredient is the real brown sugar. Yeah. Get it all in there, buddy. I'm going. That's what makes it so delicious. Here's the real butter. [shrieks] And we're also pumping in real condensed milk and real creamer. Here's the real sugar. Everything's real. I get it. The kettle slowly cooks the ingredients, turning everything into liquid gold. Now the machine's gonna mix it all up, and it's gonna go into these chambers behind us to cook. Once the caramel is ready, it's poured into a massive kettle cooker waiting to meet our chocolate. This batch is 500lbs of caramel. Which equates to over 12,000 chocolate bars. That's a lot of chocolate bars. As the caramel cooks, the boys get to work on creating the rich chocolate that Feastables is known for. These are the chocolate wafers, and now we're gonna melt them down to prepare the molds for the chocolate. Now we wait for the mountain of chocolate to melt. When it's go time, both the caramel and the chocolate flow into the mold at the same time. And this is where the chocolate and the caramel combine. Once the bars are molded, they head up into a cooling tower where they're chilled for about 20 minutes. Now that the bars are cooled, they get moved over here and thumped to get demolded. -Did you say thumped? -Thump! I’m really excited to try our first caramel bar. Before they can be wrapped, every bar gets checked right on the floor. Maria here is part of the quality team. Her job is to make sure that the chocolate matches the weight and size of what we're going for. How are these ones looking? You wanna take the dip, and put the Caliper right here, then you check. -Is that a good height? -It is. -That's perfect? -Absolutely. There we go. There it is! That’s good! -We did it! -Alright. It's a perfectly shaped chocolate bar. These bars are wrapped at a pace of 160 bars per minute. And this is where the bars get wrapped and then boxed by hand. We're gonna try our first caramel bar. Cheers. Ching! That's good. Yeah. This is my new favorite, actually. The people were right, we should've done caramel earlier. Before we ship out our boxes of Feastables, the boxes are loaded onto trucks on their way to a store near you. And there you have it. From our cacao farms in West Africa, to our intense research labs. You've seen the lengths we go through to ethically source this cacao so kids can get out of illegal child labor and get into school. You've also seen how obsessed we are over the caramel and how we took no shortcuts. We do everything we can to make this chocolate bar as good as it possibly can be. So the next time you're walking through a store and you're in a chocolate aisle like this, you have a decision to make. Support the status quo, or buy a chocolate bar that tastes better, is better for the farmers, and better for you. The brand new caramel bar's available at Walmart, Target, and Albertsons. Mmm, this thing tastes amazing. Go give it a try!

  Top Comments:
  1. @_A_R_T_A_ [1 likes]: Я захотел шоколад
  2. @zeroderbey: But still nothing changes, they get poorer and you get richer. No chocolate company is innocent, and neither is Mr. Beast.
  3. @AmirkhanAmira-t7s: I want festival 🎎 please please please please please please please please please please please my location is Bangladesh
  4. @Мураткалий: А я хочу клубничный
  5. @IZZAQEESYAIMANBINTIMUHAMADSIDD: can you do feastables oreo next it sound YUMMY
  6. @klaus6173: Ну будем честны, Feastables далеко не лучший шоколад. Любой кто его пробовал, это подтвердит, если конечно будет судить здраво, и не является ярым фанатом биста. Даже та же алёнка куда лучше будет.
  7. @ayseerol1350: Mr Bean stabil Türkiye'ye de getir
  8. @Андрей-г5ь4х: Я хочу видеть шоколад с конфетой но батончиком
  9. @aliciacordovaanyosa2512: Soy de 🇵🇪
  10. @aliciacordovaanyosa2512: Me beast yo te diría q el nuevo sabor de tu chocolate sería helado con fresa,sería muy rico soy una seguidora 🤗🤗
  11. @s_nahuel: traelo para america  sur
  12. @SamuelEnriqueGamezVasquez: I want strawberry
  13. @YailinFloresVillalobos: 🍦🍨
  14. @Ariel1717-7: Dame un pedazo de ese chocolate
  15. @Businesman1: I am Mexican... i live in the south of mexico and i really doesnt like that it Feastables arent easy to get.
Like:
1 If you try to ask for feastables in a Walmart in a big city like... idk Cancun the Staff would just say something like "We dont have" and it really makes me sad because ive tasted it and it actually tastes good but the way i get them... well... The supermarkets where i get them arent in your list (Im talking about "Chedraui") and not even in American Shops like 7Eleven or other convenience stores they sell feastables...
And because of that...
I would say that my whole community (wich is not Cancun though i live near it)
Still eat hershey (hearshey? Hersheay, hershy? Idk how was it written)so yeah..FeastAbles arent in Mexico...
Thats what i wanted to say
Thank you (whoever you are because i dont really think someone from MrBeast team is reading this) for reading my comment!
:D
  16. @NoJJnoparty: Like si soy el uico español 
JJAJAJAJAJJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJ
  17. @matzrx: WE NEED IT IN BRAZIL
  18. @Riv-Ky: MrBeast, I have a good idea for you. You should make MrBeast vegan chocolate all of the flavors. You have no bad stuff in it. There’s not bad stuff in it by a little bit but you should make it vegan vegan you said will make it like that.🍫
  19. @StansTv-u6m: I hope i could eat that
  20. @yesicapaolaayapolo9358: Mr. Beast please send Feastables to Colombia

- MASSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT!: Kind: captions Language: en This is my old Feastables chocolate bar. And as you know, it tastes better than a Hershey's bar. Now, I know what you're thinking. Jimmy, why are you in engulfing your old Feastables bar in flames? Well, it all started about one year ago. I was in a Feastables business meeting, and I realized tasting better than Hershey's wasn't so special. Doesn't everything taste better than Hershey's? Like, literally, doesn't anything on the planet taste better than a Hershey's bar? - Yeah. - I think so. None of you felt the need to tell me this? If everything tastes better than Hershey's, what makes us special? Yeah, well, the answer is nothing. And to be honest, myself and my entire company weren't exactly fans of that harsh truth. So I set out to do something better. And what's better than being better than Hershey's? Am I fired? Well, how about being better than everyone? The best on Earth. And from that day forward, we worked tireless. Like I'm talking barely even sleeping. I travelled from country to country, chocolate factory to chocolate factory. Tried out thousands of formulas. Which eventually led us to this. The best tasting chocolate ever made by mankind, also known as our brand new Feastables bar. This is the best tasting chocolate on Earth. Good job, boys. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How do we know that's the best tasting chocolate in the world? Why did he say that? You're fired. Leave. I was just going to say that we do a blind taste test. Wait a minute. We should prove it in a blind taste test format. That's genius. You're rehired. So I set up a random warehouse, where I'm going to invite hundreds of strangers to do a blind taste test of our brand new chocolate. All four of these pieces of chocolate have no branding, and there's no labels distinguishing anything between them. The only thing they are voting on is taste. So now it's time to see how our new chocolate formula holds up to three of the top European chocolates. I like the first one the best. Of course she picked Feastables. - I'm going to go with the first one. - Yep. It has a really nice bite to it and it's a little bit richer than the other ones. I'm not even surprised by what she's saying. - Another one. - I like that a lot, it's really good. I would eat that every day. That is what an intelligent man looks like. It's a weird taste I haven't tasted before. It reminds me of like... It's not Hershey's. Hershey's is not that good. Better than Hershey's. Spot on. This might bankrupt Hershey's. That chocolate. I'm pretty sure. Another one. Back to back, back to back. To be honest, we just keep winning. It's boring. And the new bars come in seven flavours. - Milk Chocolate. - Thank you. - Milk Crunch. - Yes, please. Almond. Peanut Butter. It used to be called Deez Nuts, but you know... - Peanut Butter Crunch. - That one. - Dark Chocolate. - Mine. And Dark Chocolate Sea Salt. Thank you. The new bars are available nationwide in every single Walmart. Go give them a try. We've genuinely put a ton of effort into these. And if you spend your money on Feastables, I really want you to enjoy it. And starting February 17th, for 30 days straight, we're going to be giving away $10,000 to a lucky customer who scans the QR code on the back of any new Feastables bar. So go give the new bars a try. You might win ten grand. And I can't wait to see what all of you think. GO TRY A NEW FEASTABLES BAR! YOU COULD WIN $10,000!

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChandanHaloi-i7s [1 likes]: Hershey's better
  2. @bossyujiliam: why festalble so sad she kill MR BEAST
  3. @EllaTizzard: Jimmy do u know if u sell them in the uk
  4. @FafaYusufAlfarizi: Mr beast please ekspor to asean
  5. @yesicapaolaayapolo9358: Mr. Beast please send Feastables to Colombia
  6. @HsjajajUajaja: Mister please please Pakistan aaja Pakistan ki Kitna shahar a jao aur ghode chauk ke pass mujhe Milana please uske niche Koi jawab do tum sochogi kya karun Pakistan ki jagah please sambhavna aur aur apni fir se bahar bhi lekar aana har play
  7. @Natalieseigworth-s2s2r: Dear Mr.Beast, 

Hello my name is Natalie. I'm a big fan of not just the channel but the Beast Games as well. 

Please don't feel betrayed but right now I am going to Hershy THE PLACE. Sincerely Sorry 😢

Pls except my apology 

Thank you
Natalie


FEATABLES 4 LIFE!!!! ❤❤❤
  8. @HasanMia-o6s3l: Hi❤❤❤🎉
  9. @AthaillahghailanDanishmahawira: PUT THE FEASTEBLE IN INDONESIA
  10. @thilagavathiboominathan6520: To try it
  11. @bluezein7official: 🗣️sea salt 🔥🔥🔥2:56
  12. @NafiyeDemirel-mj2fg: ÇİKOLATAN BERBAT
  13. @SüleymanÇakır1964: Introducing the Worst Chocolate in History
  14. @Jacobpov: I love feast mrbeast chocolate
  15. @Vishwak2016Naksathra: Hersy is better then fetable
  16. @TheYoungCulinarian: 2:16 i sus here..... maybe mrbeast give them 10k and theyre paid actors..... we dont know 🌚🤷‍♂️
  17. @HsjajajUajaja: Mr beast please Pakistan ke pipla shahar Aakash town mein a jao mujhe ISI video per message do please
  18. @mstssmn1: Şimdi önüme düştü video tadına baktım tadi  güzel 👏
  19. @hossaenmd4800: A festival Sara duniya asha worker
  20. @goharop-n3x: ❤

- Trying @MrBeast Feastables! New Formula: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? So, today we going to be trying the new formula of Mr. Beast's chocolate. Now, I know I am a little late to this, but oh well. I could only just get it. And we've also got this one, the good old milk chocolate. Now, my siblings want to sell some, but oh well. So, we'll start off with the milk chocolate. It looks pretty good. Got the Fables logo on there. Let's try it. Okay. Definitely got a real good cocoa taste. It's pretty sweet. But um just saying that because well made in America, so it's probably going to be a lot sweeter than our chocolate here. Although to me it kind of tastes a little bit it leans a little bit more towards the dark chocolate side for me. And I don't really like like dark dark chocolate. So yeah, pretty good milk chocolate. Like a nine out of 10, I must say. Oh, indeed. Well, on special for three bucks. So, you know, be covered so cheap. I'mma bump it up to a 10. Next, we've got the um cookies and cream one. Also got 50 logo going on there. And I love cookies and green chocolate. So oh, very different. Not the best cookies and cream I've had, but still overall pretty solid. like an 8.5. But um overall, Mr. Beef knows what he's doing when he's with this chocolate, man. It's really good. I tried the um old formula. I tried the dark chocolate one and I actually really liked it. Even though like I said before, I hate dark chocolate. So yeah, I will say that this formula is a little bit better. But um yeah, thanks for watching guys. Peace out.

- How @MrBeast Scaled Beast Industries with @salesforce and @Slackhq: Kind: captions Language: en-US Here at MrBeast we are always trying to pull off the impossible. I tweeted out that I've been sitting on this idea per commercial and Mark the founder of Salesforce responded. That's why this is so last minute because it wasn't really supposed to be a thing. But here we Are. We have only a few weeks. We got put together a massive treasure hunt in addition to a massive production campaign to surround the Super Bowl Ad and we've had this idea forever. Finally, now that we have a a really good partner with Salesforce, it's actually possible. I think this might literally be the greatest Super Bowl commercial ever. You can't be executing at this type of scale at this type of speed. Without the right tools, there is No way that we could execute what we do here without Salesforce. MrBeast is a YouTube production company that does insane productions across many different mediums now. There is so many projects out there without Slack, I don't know what we would be able to do. Things that people think are impossible to pull off. We pull it off every time. People living in the sky. Ages one to 100 competition. Saving animals all across the world. First video I ever did, I put him in the middle of the ocean for seven days. Bury people underground, "Bury me alive" You have to bury someone alive. Slack is definitely the best way to communicate <laugh>. It's always something unique, always something different keeps us on our toes. Slack makes facilitating conversations so easy. Jimmy Will throw it in a Slack group chat. She needs a chicken ranch. Since we're always going after the best idea possible things can just change on a dime. If Jimmy comes up with some like crazy random idea, we kind of just stop what we're doing and go find a way to film that idea And then we blow the bank up. Sure, I was on a shoot that was originally called, I built 50 houses and then the night before he was like, why don't you make it a hundred houses? These kind of last minute changes really couldn't happen without Slack. We are never all in the same place at once. Whether some of us are in Saudi Arabia, Building wells in Africa, We've spent seven days in the Pyramids. We sent Jimmy to Antarctica. Being able to open Slack, start a channel, and know that I can communicate with every person I need to be in communication with is imperative for getting the job done. We have so many departments that need to be on the same page from Chocolate to production teams, gaming, philanthropy. I don't have time to go through each one and kind of sift through the messages so I can hit Slack bot with a quick, Hey, what have I missed? And it'll come back to me with a recap of everything in like a bite size box. I've used Slackbot probably every single day. Whether it's gathering animals from around the world or getting exotic cars, we are processing a lot of communication and data Just on our casting department. They have to go through hundreds upon hundreds of thousands of contestants. Jimmy loves the number 100. So if Jimmy asks me to find a 1-year-old and a 100-year-old in all ages in between, I'm using that Slack bot just to find that answer very quickly. How do you get a Lamborghini in the air? Do we have a cannon expert anywhere? We're often overwhelmed with how many projects we're pursuing at the same time. Slackbot allows us to keep up with all the collaboration that's going on at the company. It's constantly challenging keeping everyone together, but Slack lets us do that. If you're running business without Slack, you're doing it on hard mode. You never really know what you're gonna walk into every day, which is why it's so special here. We had a bear on set. My God boy, yo. And the easiest way to notify the entire building that the bear was coming out and people needed to leave the building was on Slack. There's a bear in the studio. What do you mean? Everybody was notified on Slack. The bear was coming out then it was a very successful shoot. Tom, How you doing? He's okay. Don't look at him too long. The writing process is kind of what most people would imagine, which is we objectively just try to come up with the best ideas based on whatever we think the most amount of people would want to watch and would enjoy and we call that blue skying. What's a blue sky idea that is just like awesome that we would wanna see? Let me blue sky this idea. Don't everyone don't freak out when I, what I'm about to say. 'cause I'm about to say a crazy idea. I want the Golden Gate Bridge fully rented out at four in the morning. I want helicopters, I want 50 tanks. Everyone knows the crux of a [beep] dropped a big bomb and it was a big explosion. I actually never watched the movie, but this is like the most blue sky idea. Like imagine if like the way we crashed through the gate was we put like this giant hole right here. Like we blew it up. Like he, he is running, he goes, blow it up. Boom. We blow this thing up and our brand, I feel like is so um, versatile that we can kind of go do anything. And the only metrics of success is virality. We are at 459,536,405 subscribers that watch our content. Well now it's 407, but We are so data rich, whether it's data on lighting fixtures or how we think lighting is affecting retention. They've found over the years that Jimmy being center frame, the brightest thing, particularly in our thumbnails, leads people to click through more. Well now it's at 478, so We're managing a lot of data and having tools like Salesforce lets us wrap our arms around that data. I mean, I don't know how you manage the data of money, but there's money. $250,000, 500,000, 1 million, $5 million of real money. It's always different, but you should always assume you're gonna be dealing with a lot of cash. We use real money because everything we do is real. That's a Wednesday. So sometimes we have to use Salesforce and Slack even just to track various losses like this. Okha Most people can't comprehend how much money $500,000 is. So what we do is we crumple it. We have specific people paid to crumple money for hours upon hours, upon hours. My favorite thing about working here is money. So we crumple money because we need to make it larger than life. Slack is the only way we can keep communication up because everything is lightning fast. So we needed to make a money crumpling machine. The easiest way to explain this is it both sucks and blows. So we'll break the bill, put it in the balloon. Now you have the balloon ready to go. Safety first. And this has made us about 10 times faster. Whether it's finding a faster way to crumple cash or communicating with teams around the globe. We are always looking for the most efficient tools. And one of you, yes, you watching will literally win it all. What I really wanted to achieve with Salesforce is like how do we create something that people are talking about days after, ideally weeks after? There's no way we could have done it without Slack. I mean, hands down. It is a very, very complex, massive riddle. We have puzzle Contributors all over the country. We meet up using Slack to give clues to each other. Work as a group. That could be a clue. This microphone could be a clue. Maybe you're a clue. Like this thing. Is it a clue? I don't know. Ah, looks like Jimmy's gonna need $5 million crumpled. I'm gonna have to really call in some reinforcements. The first one of you does slack me. The hidden code will become a millionaire, so enjoy the game then go win, a million dollars! This Super Bowl ad is a culmination of everything we do great at Beast. Man I can't wait for this commercial to air. I'm so freaking excited. I fucking love Slack.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rolodexter3 [5 likes]: Every high-growth company on the planet uses comms + CRM, but suddenly when MrBeast does it, it’s framed like he discovered fire with a Slackbot recap.
  2. @zaheermagsi2766 [1 likes]: Amazing 👏 guys 👦
  3. @zaheermagsi2766 [1 likes]: Wow that's great ❤
  4. @Donaldson-w5r: Why does the video has good views but low likes with few comments
  5. @AliceEdevwie: man mr beast is just on another level
  6. @Shrey_YT.: this is wild, never knew the backstory
  7. @vikashkerketta361: who knew salesforce could be this interesting lol
  8. @GodsonBigbo-n3r: Hearing “no way without Salesforce” clicked. We already lean on Nice Touch inside the edit, and it’s basically the same idea, fewer tabs.
  9. @YetianYe: 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  10. @AIVideoEditingSoftware: Sorrow Loves the Light
  11. @CherryyKumar: mrbeast really knows what he's doing lol
  12. @RAHSSK-b5p: learned a lot from this, thanks for sharing
  13. @artsanimemayank: never thought about scaling like this
  14. @RamezJomaa-i7n7n: The way they treat last-minute changes like normal is wild. My Nice Touch panels feel calmer than those Slack pings, but the chaos is the same.
  15. @MoneyFlowOnlineHustle: this is pretty cool, makes it easier
  16. @sevenblah: you know the real impossible task, it has nothing to do with the code... its just attempting to use or log into the horrible software they made for this contest that you "have to use" in order to win... cant log in again or link not working try another, been trying for over 2 weeks off and on  the thing i dont like about this the most is that you have your little slackbot for keeping track of everything, but if you go attempt to solve stuff you have to go back through the 4 million step process to log back in... a little crazy dont you think. 1. solve puzzle. 2. captcha, 3, enter your email, 4, click link in your email we sent, 5, enter your email to confirm you clicked the link. 6, we sent you a verification code to enter into your account,  and then after all that,  "We couldn't start the login process. Please try again." btw all this after i had been logged in and went away to watch a 5 min long video they told me to... ive been able to get on the site to try and attempt the code maybe 4 times, all other times its been broken. I feel like the winner is just the person who was able to stay logged in for most amount of time.
  17. @TheAscended01: I'm still trying to figure this ish out. Lol
  18. @jskrbk: it was a bad commercial
  19. @smeh-ru5: .....
  20. @urbanstrencan: this is definitely a beast to run,💪😅

- MrBeast's Burnout Breakthrough: How He Stays Ahead of the Game (Shortcuts Included): Kind: captions Language: en what do you think makes your job stressful what's the thing that if you could if you could solve one problem it's a lot it's uh I mean the thing is uh you know all our videos are different so it's like you know if I had to do like something like Survivor or not survival it's just pick like almost any show like Hell's Kitchen or anything that still airs like there are like formats that are just the same thing over and over again and you do 10 seasons and St of that and after like 50 episodes you just got it down you know people have done it so much it's so easy but for us because we're always trying to push and do something unique it's like this is our you know every third video it's our first time ever doing that so we make all these mistakes and mess up so many different ways and then it's like oh well now we know this but you know then we usually do something else cuz we're always trying to be original yeah and so uh a lot of our problems are that because we try to be original and then I don't know it's like yeah it's just it's never stops you know how it is like we're just going a million miles an hour and it's like I'm 14 years in this you know I've been going since I was 11 so it's like I'm on a tread bill you know maxed at 12 and then I just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hacked it to go 24 mph and I'm running full speed and I haven't stopped for a decade so like that too it's like it's pretty hard to tell when it's like one of those moments where you just push and it's like stop being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just keep going or it's like oh I'm actually burned out like I'm losing my mind and things like that you know

- MrBeast UNLOCKING His Creative Potential Embracing Balance for Hilarious Videos: Kind: captions Language: en like any it like my brain would just like naturally like run away from things that like I didn't think would be good for making better videos and so it's like so fascinating because I've let some of those things in my life and now I don't feel like a Mark Zuckerberg like algorithm you know and so it's like it's pretty funny how it changes your personality yeah that isting now that you've kind of evolved past that stage do you ever think how did I end up like that like what made me so competitive what made me so obsessed I was just so worried that like I would like I'd let those things in because I have a very addictive personality like I got addicted to this and so it's like oh what if I get addicted to any of these things these distractions like I would like you know I wouldn't let a computer in my house because I might play video games and like that you know what if I get addicted to the video game well opportunity cost but if I play two hours a day that's $ 60 hours a month what am I doing you know that's that's a video you know like bro it was like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] straight algorithm up here I was like I called it nightmare mode I would like push myself to be in nightmare mode for 100 days straight where I like I wouldn't play video games I wouldn't do anything fun out like I would just work for 100 days straight and then i' be like okay now you get one day to like have fun and then I tried to go for another 100 days of nightmare mode I was absolutely stupid I don't know what I was doing but I do think now that have being a little more well-rounded makes you well hey just so happens if this was a business where I wasn't being a Creator or like being an Entertainer I probably would stay in algorithm like crazy mode a lot longer but it did kind of hit me that being a little more well-rounded equals a better personality which will make me funnier in videos which people like people surprisingly like a little bit of Comedy here and there

  Top Comments:
  1. @z3mb1es [1 likes]: You probably didn't see the comment that I did on ur last vid, well... it was "You have an underrated channel for someone who has this much subscribers. Keep it up fam!"

- MrBeast’s 1,000-Day Mastermind: From 10K Subs to 1M (Creator Secrets): Kind: captions Language: en If you could go back to right before you shot that video 10 years ago and you could sit down in front of your 17-year-old self Yeah. >> on the ground was like the, you know, little desk behind you and a history test the next day. >> Yeah. >> And if you could give three pieces of advice to your 17-year-old self, >> I know what the first one would be. >> What would it be? >> Uh, buy Bitcoin and hold it up and and have the wallet locked until 10 years later. >> You know how crazy making money right now? >> It was probably like a thousand bucks back then. Imagine. Well, I didn't have any money, so I wouldn't have been able to. Um, but >> yeah, I would just uh Well, I would take that time to give myself advice, which is just like >> that's what I'm saying. What would you say advice to your younger self? >> It's it'd be similar to what I tell a lot of younger creators and entrepreneurs is like whatever time frame you think it's going to take to achieve something, it's probably going to take three times longer, you know? And so, if you think it's going to take 2 years to hit a million subscribers, it's probably going to take like 6 7 8 9. >> Unless you're Mr. Beast. >> No, even for me, I started at 11. It didn't happen till I was in my 20s uh or whatever, 19. And so it's just uh it's why like Steve Jobs says, you got to love what you do. And that's like yes, you can think of everyone always like points to a little outlier who did it in a year or whatever, but if and statistically you're not going to be that outlier. And so it's just going to take you a very long time and if you're just not deeply in love with what you do, you're going to quit before you achieve it. >> Okay, so that's the first thing. I like that. >> And that's that would be the advice I give to people. Um and for I mean it's what I ended up doing, but it would just be like, yo, just you know, the only way to improve is just to keep doing it. So the more videos you upload, the smarter the people you surround yourself with, the better you'll be. I didn't meet other freaks that are obsessed with YouTube till I was like 19. So like when I was 17, 18 or 11 to 18, I was basically just like I didn't have anyone to talk to about it. It was pretty brutal. Um and I like to tell this story cuz you know parents are out there or younger kids hear this. It's like >> yeah it when you love something deeply and you devote your life towards it and no one else around you does, you feel like a freak. you feel like an outcast and you you know it causes a lot of self-doubt that's not really needed and you know and your parents telling you you're wasting time, everyone's telling you you're wasting your time and it makes it you know very tempting to just quit and do other stuff but nothing makes you as fulfilled with that and like it's just your environment like cuz the second I got around um I I end up bumping into like these three other guys online um that had similar subscriber counts as me when I was 18 19 and I mean that was that was it like I went from people literally asking me if I was mute because I talk so little and and like them saying shut up all you do is talk about YouTube and what's wrong with you be realistic blah blah to we literally had a mastermind call every day for 1,000 days in a row. That's cool. Yeah, I told the story in Joe Rogan. People don't believe me. I get tons of messages like you didn't do that. But yeah, we I met these other guys and for once in my life like I could talk to them. We no joke like had a Skype call for 18 hours and I went from like not being able to hold a 5minute conversation with a human to being able to talk with guys for 18 hours straight about, you know, studying retention charts and studying why certain videos did well and looking at, hey, these are the 50 best performing videos last week. What did well about them? Why do people click videos? I we we could the only bottleneck was sleep. Like if it wasn't for sleep, we would probably talk for 1,000 hours straight. You know what I mean? And so and we did that every single day for 1,000 days in a row. You we didn't drink. We didn't do drugs. We didn't talk to women sometimes. Not by our own choice, but we didn't >> they didn't talk to you guys. >> Maybe maybe it was women didn't talk to us, but I um but yeah, and we were just like locked in every single day. And we all had around 10,000 subscribers, but then we all hit a million subscribers within the same month. So it's like the shows the power of like helping each other. the I tell people all the time and I've been a part of masterminds for over a decade that when you can be around other like-minded people, especially when you feel like you're the outcast, whether it be in your family or in your community or like the industry you're in and no one understands you. >> Exactly. >> Find two, five, 10 people that are doing a similar thing and grow together. >> Your happiness levels will skyrocket. Everything will skyrocket in your life because it's like it's it's just everything from your happiness to your fulfillment to your growth in that subject that you're obsessed over. It's just it's way more fun to work with other people. I don't like working alone. I like to work with other people. But also, you know, if with us, you know, we had four, five, it depends on the time of the year people in it, you know, in person C, you know, makes a breakthrough in their videos. He now teaches everyone else and you're growing together and you're growing exponentially. Like one of the like more relatable stories is like there was a month where a guy named Jay made $150,000. He had some videos blow up. And you know, to us like 19, I'm a college dropout. I mean, I didn't even really go. I went for two weeks to achieve community college cuz my mom said go to college or move out the house. I didn't have money to move out. So I went for two weeks and then I just lied and I was making videos in the parking lot and you know I just had to move out before she got my report card cuz it's all zeros. And so I'm a college dropout. Another guy was a high school dropout. Another guy was a college dropout. Another guy just graduated high school and parent gave up on him. Another college dropout. So we're all just like all in living and breathing this. You know it's this or we're working at McDonald's. You know what I mean? Like that's the mindset. And you know and one of those guys makes $150,000 a month. Then I was probably making 15 grand. The rest were making 10 20 grand. And it's it was just so inspiring to see like that's possible. And then like to work with them to figure out why did these videos do so well like cuz you can see like how many people click on a video every minute. And he was getting what was it was uh 2 million views in an hour. So it was like 30,000 people a minute. It was like 500 people a second were clicking on this one video. And we're just staring at it on like he's screen sharing on Zoom. And we were so mindb blown. But that opens your eyes to like what's possible. and I see that and it's like, okay, I mean, he's no smarter than me. I actually literally know everything he knows. So, like, why can't I do that? And then everyone in the group starts to think like that and you think bigger and then someone makes $250,000 a month and it like helps expand your mindset. It it just in every way. But I also I think masterminds are more effective when it's not like this scheduled thing that everyone has to show up for. It's just when it's just you meet a Yeah. It's just like these are a bunch of freaks of nature that are just being freaks that work on something every day and they talk to you because they have no one else to talk to about it. You know what I mean? And I think those are the best kinds. not a, "Hey, it's Tuesday at 7:00 p.m. All right, it's 8:30. We're wrapping up the mastermind. Did everyone get a chance to speak?" You know, >> the power of masterminds are having a shared group of people adding value to one another sharing your secrets. >> I would go as far as saying like if I never met those guys and did that thousand days in a row, like instead of 420 million subscribers, I'd be on like probably 20 million. Like it's that marginal of a difference. >> Wow. >> I'll take 20 million. I get it. But it's still like Yeah. You you really had leaps and bounds. >> Yeah. because of the collaboration of the group, sharing ideas, learning from each other, being inspired, and I'm hearing you say without a shared mastermind, a collective mindset of helping one another, you wouldn't be as far as you are. And that takes a specific mindset from you because most people don't want to share what they're learning. They want to guard their secrets. And that's something you really do well. And I want to acknowledge you, Jimmy, is you're talking about it, whether it's on podcast, you're creating videos, content about it, you're sharing your secrets. But you can give it all away, but it's so hard to do. And I mean, it's like people, they still have to do the work. And a lot of people aren't willing to do it. >> Yeah. Well, I have a lot of opinions on that, too. I um I I mean, this works better in our industry as opposed to like if you're a software developing company and you gave away the secrets and now someone just copy your code, like obviously it's not as ideal, but in terms of creating content, I I see other content creators as collaborators, not competitors. And I think the more you help other people in our specific industry, they'll also help you back. And the thing is there's like I think short YouTube shorts just like the vertical videos are getting 200 billion views a day now. So it's whatever six trillion views a month and long form is getting trillions a bunch of there are so many tens of trillions of views a year on YouTube that like me helping you improve your YouTube channel and how many views do you get a year? >> Year I don't know maybe 15 20 million a month. >> Yeah. So so if you're getting 120 million a year even if I a thousand extra YouTube channel viewership that has zero impact on me literally there's 100 trillion views to go around there there it doesn't matter. So that's like once you like fully internalize that mindset and you're truly giving to other people. I find it like people usually, you know, if I ask them a question, they'll be kind of guarded and then I'll just go through and just give them like 10 years worth of advice and just help help and then you know now all of a sudden they're like, "Oh, okay. That's how it is. I'll help you too." And it's like great. And you develop that relationship with hundreds of people and then you just constantly you just always got to make sure you're giving more than you're taking. And as long as you do that, like you're good. And you'll get so much more information just coming into you. >> I've always been of that mindset is how can I give first? How can I add value? How can I serve someone's pain or problem or help them solve something and really don't ask for anything? If they want to give back, cool. But just try to give it first. And so I love that mindset of you. >> Um I'm curious, do you So you believe in masterminds or collaboration? >> Of course. >> Do you visualize or believe in manifesting the results you want to create from videos in the future or the businesses you want to build? Do you believe in kind of the power of manifestation? >> Uh I would frame it differently. I would just say I'm so obsessed. It's all I think about. It's all I dream about. It is my life. It is my reason on the planet is all I really care about. So, um I don't know. I don't really manifest. It's just who I am is I'm just always thinking. >> You are manif you are manifesting, >> I guess. I mean, I am always in my mind 2 to 3 years in the future. Like sometimes like when we >> visualize in the future. >> Yeah. But I'm not doing it cuz I'm manifesting. I'm just doing it because it's just how my brain's wired and I can't like what else am I going to think about? >> When you're making either uh you know an outline for a video, whether it be in your mind or written or however you're doing it. >> Yeah. and you're pre-planning the production for it, whether it be just an idea or actually mapping it all out or however you do this. Are you visualizing the results of the people that you want to see watching it around the world? Are you visualizing the number? Are you visualizing how many people it reaches or how much you you raise for donations? Are you visualizing that? >> Well, and if it's uh not every video is a fundraiser, obviously for team water, what we're about to do, yes, like the donation conversion is very important because every dollar is literally a year of clean drink water for someone to need. But for the typical video, honestly, the main thing here's everything you just said there like the amount of people reach impact all these things really comes down to do people enjoy the video? Because I if if people don't watch and enjoy the video, then uh it just doesn't get served. And so YouTube's algorithm is actually very great at incentivizing you just to make the best content possible. So really all I do is I just look at how do I make the greatest videos possible? How do I make a video that people will watch? And at the end they'll feel satisfied. They'll feel fulfilled. They'll want to watch another one of our videos and they'll be like, "That was a good investment of my time." Because the only way you get 200 million views a video, which is what our videos do on average in the first 365 days, >> but they go they they do more than that on average in the first three years. That's just in the first year. >> Is that just the main channel or >> just the main channel? Yeah. No, our our philanthropy channel, it's like 7 million videos. >> But I mean like just all the different languages, all the other channels as well. >> Well, we now we do all the jobs on on one. But to finish that train of thought, it's uh the only way you get 200 million views a video is if one day you're getting a million views a video. And you you you establish the habit in their mind that when I click on this channel, I always enjoy it. When I click on a Mr. Beast video, it's a great experience. If they underpromise, overd deliver. It's always good. It's always high quality. There's always a lot of effort put into it. And then next thing you know, you're doing 10 million views video. And those but like if you're constantly turnurning viewers, you're never going to get that exponential growth. So you just need people every single time they click on a video to have a great experience. And that only comes if you're making the greatest videos possible. So, uh, really it just comes down to make the greatest videos possible and the people who have been watching will keep clicking every time because the last 20 experiences have been great and you you like people when you're considering what to watch, you factor all these things in whether you realize it or not when you're hovering on it and you're like, do I want to watch it? Like if your last 20 times you clicked on that channel, you were like that was a great experience. You're going to click on the 21st. And the more you you reassure them that it's a great experience, the faster they'll do it. Like they'll there are obviously tons of people who have watched 100 Mr. Beast videos, they don't even think. They just see Mr. Beast click cuz they're always happy when they do. And like all it takes is one bad video to destroy that trust. Now it's like, "Ooh, is this one of those bad videos or is it one of the good ones?" Cuz I kind of like this other YouTuber. I don't know if I want to take the risk. So you just don't give up. Like there is no risk. Every time you enjoy it and so yeah, greatest video possible. >> Are you when you're in the editing process, are you thinking to yourself, "Oh, this isn't good enough. We have to change it more." Or you or do you pre-edit and you're just like, "I know this is going to be the result." Well, I mean, when I Yeah. When um when I was younger, more of the pre-edit stuff. But the thing is that's that's interesting is as you know um I've just become more of a business person cuz you know my teenage years I was just studying content creation, but that doesn't really translate well into running a multiund person company obviously. Um I you know I I it just clicked in my head and it's obvious now but in hindsight when you're 21 with no mentors, you just make it up as you go. It's not as obvious that, you know, an editor who spends 100% of their time editing and it's lived and breathed editing their whole life is obviously going to run circles around me when I can only spend 15% of my time. Even if we were apples to apples, same skill level, he could still spend or she seven times more time than me. So, um, yeah, it's it's more trusting in the great people we hired. Um, and like we have editors that are just actually better storytelling than me. Like they just are cuz they study it all day. They watch a lot of movies that they study storytelling. They like, you know, my idols are are more entrepreneurs. they're idols. It's going to be Steven Spielberg. It's going to be Christopher Nolan. It's going to be directors, you know, uh they're going to list directors I've never even heard of, you know, and so like obviously they run circles around me. So, it's been like it just depends what year in my life you're talking about. The younger I am, it's like, yeah, I'm micromanaging. I'm visualizing the edit and things. And the older I get, it's like, you know, this is what I think is great. Here you go. But, you know, if you can put the footage better together better, like do your thing. So, is it more of a, you know, because I've heard you talk about data and analyzing retention and charts and all these things and obsessing on 18our Skype calls or Zoom calls about retention with people. >> Well, this is preoom. This is Yeah. Fine. So, I've heard you talk about data and kind of the the science of it. >> How much is of your process now is around data and science versus art and creativity? >> Yeah. Well, that's a great question and this is what is crazy. YouTube's algorithm, it does such a good job at just giving people what they want is like the more you study the data, the more it just tells you make videos people want to watch. And so you it's uh I've said this a bajillion times, so my fans are going to be like, "Oh, he's saying it again." But the more you study the YouTube algorithm, the more you realize I should be studying mass, you know, psychological behavior. Like I should be studying humans and what they like. The algorithm just rewards them what they want to watch or gives them what they want to watch. So it's like it's more just looking at our past videos and seeing like what are the things people found funny? What are the people things people liked? What are what is the bright pacing where people enjoyed it and didn't think it was too fast or too slow? And it's just like it's that and then cuz you can so you you use the data to come up with what are the confinements that like people like and then you the team and you know it used to be me now I have a lot of people who help you know the team experiments how do we be creative and like you know level up and do the storytelling within these confinements cuz we know like theoretically people don't want to watch a 2-hour long video. No one's coming to YouTube. Most people aren't coming to YouTube to watch a 2-hour long video. They also don't want to watch a five-minute video. So you we know like hey the video is probably especially right now over 50% of US watch time on on YouTube is on television people on television. So like we used to make 12 13 minute videos when it was more uh phone heavy but people on television they don't want to just watch a 10-minute video. They want to commit. A lot of people are eating food like the sweet spot's above 25 minutes. Like so now it's like 25 to 35minute videos. So it's like that's not a creative art decision. That's a data decision. But you know what? The more granular we get, then it starts to become more creative, you know.

- I Donated $300,000 To People In Need: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to give away this $300,000 amount of money to people in need starting with this business going out of business how's it going I noticed your sign up front are you guys struggling almost 11 months now good enough for me here's $30,000 in a duffel bag huh oh no can I touch it yeah you can touch it of course I can pay more views now I think it's safe to say you don't need this sign anymore right oh no not today next place up next I'm paying for everyone's rent in this apartment complex even me you don't live here this is Jessica the property manager of the apartment so I heard because of the pandemic a lot of people here are struggling to pay rent that is correct um unfortunately a lot of our residents have lost their jobs or have health problems no worries Chandler come here just like you said on the phone here's enough money to cover everyone's rent oh my goodness it's kind of heavy it's extremely heavy this is going to change so many lives and I'm so excited for the residents to find out the great news you were telling me you also manage those apartments these over here yes can I also pay for their rent Chandler give me another duffel bag here you go for their rent as well do you also manage those apartments no I don't sad this is a sports car and this is a giant red circle and this is a shovel this is Jacob a random subscriber basically I parked the car there and I took the keys and then I buried the keys somewhere in this red circle and if you find the keys to this car by the end of the night you get to keep it have fun we'll see you in a few hours all right I'll get to di good luck now we're at Best Buy and we're going to buy every single PlayStation 5 and laptop in this store I hope you guys ate your weedies there's a lot of these am I even allowed to be up here no probably not I bet everybody watching this at wants a PS5 is really mad cuz we have like 25 of them and now we're going to buy all the Macs are these like $1,500 at a laptop hey man there's a lot of people subscribing each of these laptops is 15,000 of you and you might be wondering why we need so many PlayStation 5es and Max well because we're giving them away to a bunch of high schoolers and then we're going to steal all the school supplies and this is Alice one of the high school teachers do you mind if we put a Mac and a PS5 on everyone's desk I don't think so that be fun no no I think that'll be good let's do it ah the most educational thing on earth ps5s wheelbarrow they have no idea but when they come into school tomorrow they're going to get this your students look skinny ma'am yeah you know we don't feed them very well this is public school as you can see every student got a PlayStation 5 except this one they're getting a PlayStation 4 because they're sitting in the front middle they're obviously a teacher pet and now that we gave all your students gifts we also wanted to give you one this backpack thought it was funny cuz we're in a school it is full of $10,000 in cash here you go no way yes is it yours okay thanks thanks man I got a ton of kids this is great I I can't speak that's what I got to say I just think it's Wonder thank you you're just wonderful for helping our kids out and that $10,000 represents 100,000 subscribers in case you're bad at math now we're on a college campus and I'm going to pay random people's college debt hey uh can I ask you a couple questions for a poll real quick can you tell me the how much college debt you have 15,000 really oh well this isn't actually a poll I'm filming a YouTube video I want to pay off your college debt have you ever heard of the channel Mr Beast oh yeah yeah well here you go I got a double back full of money here hey do you have college debt how much 5,000 well we're paying random people's college debt and I popped into YouTube purse him doing this for me is going to help me Al lot my mom she's the one that's been paying for everything for me and I just like this C her a lot know had this happen before it's some stuff you see on YouTube Here's a bag of $155,000 and here's a bag of $115,000 oh my God we're going to go give away more money anything else you want to say thank you so much what you're doing no problem he's top dog man we're back at the money mountain and we're going to load up on some more cash here's what the mountain looked like this morning and look at it now we're making progress but there's still so much why are you up there we checked back in with Jacob but after digging for hours he wasn't even close to finding the key oh I really want this car really badly I ubered here was well worth it if I can find the keys I decided to surprise him with something to help speed things up I take it cuz the car's still here you haven't found the keys yet yeah I would have already left by now it is about 5:00 p.m. which means you have 7 hours left to find the keys to that car I got a surprise for you and boom hop on time is money I hope you enjoy your new toy don't die I won't die cuz I got a car to win makes sense thankfully he didn't die but the first thing he did with the excavator was actually smash a PlayStation 5 does it still work I don't know I got faith in it now I'm going to order food and leave the delivery person a gigantic tip hey this is kind of heavy awesome thank you wait real quick before you go I wanted to give you a tip here you go there you go have you ever seen our Channel good cuz you just delivered our food thank you for the foods I've never been tips like this ever well I'd be surprised if someone else did tip 10 grand Carl 10 grand oh yeah I guess we should have told her that I door Dash to pay all of my bills right now like to get my rent and everything like that so like this is just like a huge weight off my shoulders right now and if you're wondering what we ordered it's Beast Burgers available Nationwide Chris ordered his Chris style Chandler ordered the Chandler style obviously I got the be style for those of you that have had our Burgers comment down below which one you like best obviously mine's the best you already know the deal we're at another store stop subscribing so much it's hard to give away all the money how's it going sir can I buy everything in your store well maybe not everything can I buy a lot of things in your store I'll let you buy most of it most of it I'll take it cart for you cart for you cart for you you think I can fit this in this car all right let's give it a shot oh no Carl help Carl help oh dear God you got this help me get it in my car man all right I'm going to go to the front of the store now go go go go go go go go we got a kayak everybody needs a kayak everyone does need a kayak while Chris and Carl are being absolute idiots me and Chandler are going to clear off racks out of the way this is the smart way to shop why doesn't everybody just use these Jimmy what happens if 50 million people subscribe if 50 million people subscribe yeah I have to give away $5 million if enough of you do subscribe you could technically bankrupt me but it's for charity so who cares I care I care we have 21 carts full of stuff am I allowed to buy it absolutely let's do it and don't worry we're not keeping anything we bought here we're actually taking it to somewhere you might recognize from a previous video what's up we're back man Mr Beast how you doing don't tell me you went and bought out another store I wanted to but they said I couldn't so just like last time I got a bunch of U-Hauls out front well most of your stuff is gone so this will be great all right boys Bring It On in I'll save you some time time lapse and now that this is done I wonder how Jacob is coming along oh my goodness yo what this looks like a quarry so much has changed look at how the car is entrenched in the middle that is Pete comedy I'm going to give him some hints you're probably wondering why am I standing here I am wondering I don't have any reason why I'm standing here I just like standing here let me see if I can make the hint a little better without giving away dig here dig there let's go I'm I'm going to get to work I'm definitely going to find them now this is definitely killing me the anticipation of just finding these [Music] Keys No Way What's that show the [Applause] camera don't die on me please don't die the whole day of just digging would you say it's worth it now that you have a brand new Camaro it's beyond worth it oh my God after like 15 hours of searching you found it what do you want to tell the world if you guys ain't subscribed to Mr Beast I would definitely subscribe to him this is like the greatest event that I've ever had in my life it was past dinner time and if we don't feed Chandler he gets hangry I'm hungry you're hungry yes so we decided to go through a drive-thru and while we were at it give him a surprise we are now at cookout are you happy yes not yet actually I need to get food here's your food can have the brief since you made Chandler happy here's a $10,000 tip what do you think so much nothing really happens to me like this I'mma use it help my parents we've been going through a lot thank you so much we have now returned to the money Mountain again although it's not really a money Mountain anymore now it's kind of a money Hill we're making great progress let's keep it going this is Michael a random subscriber basically until the end end of the year every time someone subscribes to my channel I'm giving away 10 cents and Michael 100,000 people subscribed so I could give you this $10,000 in cash this for me yes are you serious yeah thank you all so freaking much this is great it's going to change my life and after giving $10,000 to a random Minecraft streamer with two viewers oh my God I'm going to be in a Mr Beast video our last donation went to someone who genuinely needed the help Joe one of my friends told me that your your son is falling on Hard Times could you tell us about that they're testing them for cancer and they believe it's kidney cancer he was born one kidney I assume obviously the stuff going on cost a lot of money and just in such a crappy situation like that you should never have to worry about money so here is $30,000 in cash to help alleviate some uh just worries there's $30,000 in here and it's going right to you thank you no problem man it's a lot of ones it is a lot of ones so every time someone sub subscribes we H give away 10 cents and so this is about 300,000 subscribers this is yours we're just trying to help as many people as we can and while we're on the topic the the last $40,000 we have here we're also going to donate to St Judes just since we were thinking about it it just kind of felt like the right thing to do thank you everybody and it's good that people like Mr Beast can go out and help people that need it Cancer Sucks from now until the end of the year every single time someone subscribes I will give away 10 cents by literally hitting that subscribe button you are taking 10 cents out of my pocket and giving it to people like we had in the video if you're already subscribe don't unsubscribe and resubscribe that will do nothing it will only work if you're a new subscriber I dare you guys to try to bankrupt Me by subscribing you won't 6,000

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [243000 likes]: Unsubscribing and resubscribing doesn’t do anything. My total sub count stays the same lol
  2. @AbahAbah-w2v [1 likes]: Very very useful
  3. @BhrylleJhianneBagatao-p8v: Day 3 of asking him to join his challenges
  4. @ElinaGirgis: Can you donate for  @ApostleJohn-w7c
  5. @FarhanAli-p2f4q: May ny subscriber kiya hay🎉
  6. @Tarek-w7j1w: 😢😢😢😅
  7. @jessicagracehaven3526: Dare to dream!.😁
  8. @essohbylaneMel: Please me I am in Ivory Coast
  9. @MdRokman-y6t: Hi Jimmy videotape Asheville 0:56 you 🇧🇩🇧🇩😅
  10. @MomodousalieuJallow-zh9kh: Much love and respect from the smiling coast of West Africa 🌍
  11. @AyushMishra-u7c: Best sir mujhe iphone chahiye
  12. @Therealkuzzos: Can you come to California Sacramento? Please.
  13. @MahjabinKhan-j6n: Aap jo denge hm khushi khushi le lenge
  14. @MahjabinKhan-j6n: Kya aap meri help kr sakte
  15. @taviyonncross2179: Need more YouTubers like this …if only the government cared
  16. @AlmEiDaLIFE: Happy Birthday, MrBeast, today is not just about celebrating another year of your life but celebrating the incredible impact you have made on millions and millions of people around the world through your creativity, determination, generosity, ambition, vision, and relentless hard work, because your story is one of the most inspiring stories of the modern generation and proof that impossible dreams can become reality when someone dedicates themselves completely to their passion and refuses to give up no matter how difficult the journey becomes, and from the very beginning when you were simply a young creator with massive dreams and an unstoppable mindset, you already believed in ideas that most people thought were impossible, and instead of listening to doubt, negativity, or limitations, you continued pushing forward every single day, spending endless hours learning, improving, experimenting, creating, failing, retrying, sacrificing comfort, and working harder than almost anyone else to turn your vision into reality, and over time your determination transformed not only your own life but also the entire internet, because you completely changed the way content is created online, constantly pushing entertainment to levels nobody had ever imagined before, creating challenges bigger than anyone thought possible, turning videos into worldwide events watched by millions across every country, language, and culture, and proving that creativity has no limits when someone is brave enough to think differently from everyone else, and what makes your success even more extraordinary is that despite reaching levels of fame and influence that very few people in history have achieved, you never stopped trying to help others and make the world a better place, because while many people use success only for themselves, you used your success to inspire positivity, hope, kindness, and generosity on a global scale, helping families, changing lives, donating food, paying for surgeries, giving away homes, supporting communities, creating opportunities for strangers, and proving to millions of people that kindness can be powerful, exciting, and capable of inspiring the world, and through all of this you became far more than just a creator or entertainer, you became a symbol of ambition, innovation, perseverance, and positivity for an entire generation of people who now believe bigger because they watched your journey and saw what is possible when someone truly commits themselves to a dream without fear of failure, and every single video you create represents not only entertainment but vision, leadership, creativity, teamwork, sacrifice, and years of dedication behind the scenes that most people could never fully understand, because what people see as a few minutes of content is actually the result of endless planning, stress, pressure, responsibility, and determination to constantly improve and exceed expectations again and again, and despite all the pressure that comes with being watched by millions of people every single day, you continue moving forward with the same hunger, ambition, and work ethic that helped you rise from the beginning, constantly challenging yourself to think bigger, create better ideas, break more records, and inspire more people around the world, which is one of the reasons why so many people admire you so deeply, because true greatness is not simply becoming successful once but continuing to evolve, innovate, and improve even after reaching the top, and you continue proving that mentality every single year through your passion and relentless drive to become better than before, and beyond all the views, subscribers, records, awards, achievements, businesses, and global recognition, your greatest accomplishment will always be the impact you had on people’s lives, because millions of people found happiness through your videos during difficult moments, millions of young creators found motivation through your story, millions of fans learned to dream bigger because of your mindset, and millions of people across the world experienced hope, excitement, inspiration, and positivity because of the energy you bring into everything you create, and that type of influence is something incredibly rare because many people become famous but very few become truly unforgettable, and you built a legacy that goes beyond entertainment because your work genuinely changed online culture forever and inspired an entire generation to stop thinking small and start believing that even the craziest dreams are possible with enough effort, consistency, and belief in yourself, and your story teaches lessons that go far beyond YouTube or content creation because it teaches people to never stop learning, to embrace creativity, to work harder than everyone else, to stay focused during difficult moments, to use success to help others, to transform failure into motivation, and to keep believing in a vision even when nobody else understands it yet, and that is why your journey resonates with so many people around the world because deep down people admire not only your success but your mentality, your discipline, your resilience, and your ability to continue moving forward no matter how impossible the challenge may seem, and on this special day you deserve to be celebrated not only for everything you achieved but also for the person you became through all the struggles, sacrifices, and challenges along the way, because behind every achievement there were moments of uncertainty, exhaustion, stress, pressure, and hard work that most people will never fully see, yet you continued fighting for your dreams until they became reality, and now millions of people celebrate your existence because your creativity and generosity became part of their lives and created memories they will never forget, and that is something truly legendary because very few individuals in history manage to inspire such a massive global audience while also using their influence to create genuine positive change in the world, and your impact will continue existing for many years to come because inspiration lasts forever and the happiness, motivation, and hope you created for people cannot be measured by numbers alone, and as you celebrate another birthday I hope life rewards you with endless happiness, unforgettable experiences, strong health, peace of mind, loyal friendships, genuine love, limitless creativity, exciting new adventures, and even greater success in every project and dream you pursue, because you deserve every achievement and every moment of happiness that comes your way after everything you have given to the world through your dedication and positivity, and I hope this next chapter of your life becomes your biggest, most successful, most meaningful, and most unforgettable year yet, filled with new opportunities, incredible memories, groundbreaking ideas, and continued inspiration for millions of people around the globe, because your story is still being written and the future ahead of you is even brighter than everything you have already accomplished, and no matter how successful you become, never forget that your greatest power has always been your ability to inspire people to believe in themselves and dream without limits, because that is what truly makes you extraordinary, and thank you for every moment of entertainment, every challenge that amazed the world, every act of generosity that changed someone’s life, every risk you took to create something unforgettable, every lesson your journey taught people, and every reminder that impossible things can happen when passion, ambition, creativity, and kindness come together, Happy Birthday legend, may your future continue becoming bigger, brighter, more impactful, and more extraordinary than anything the world has seen before, and may you continue inspiring generations, changing lives, creating unforgettable moments, and proving every single day that one person with a dream and enough determination can truly change the world forever 🎉🚀🔥🌎✨
  17. @PhilippeKientega-b3c: Viens aussi dans notre pays
  18. @RamimDoy: 🇧🇩🥹❤️‍🩹
  19. @DevanMuhammadArsyan: 🎉
  20. @NehaAyesha-g6m: Not for Indians?

- New Rule: Mr. Beast is Helping Wrong! | Real Time with Bill Maher (HBO): Kind: captions Language: en And finally, New Rule here in the season of giving. Can we at least agree that giving is good? I bring this up because one of the more mind-blowing stories of this year was about the internet celebrity, MrBeast, and how he was always getting raked over the coals for a series of charitable endeavors. Now, if you don't know, MrBeast is the most successful YouTuber ever with over 38 billion views. Feel old now? (AUDIENCE LAUGHING) Anyway, he takes some of the money made from 38 billion views, and plows it back into doing things like, this year, partnering with a group of doctors to provide cataract surgery for a 1,000 blind people, that restored their eyesight. -Cool, huh? Wrong! -(AUDIENCE LAUGHING) He filmed their overjoyed reactions, which to many made him a performative altruist. A Washington Post reporter tweeted... And BuzzFeed agreed... -(GUESTS LAUGHING) -(CHUCKLES) Okay, disability is something that needs to be solved. (GUESTS CHUCKLE) (AUDIENCE LAUGHING, CHEERING, APPLAUDING) And what truly needs curing is blindness. Here's how I know this. -♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ -The newly sighted people are cheering, not booing. Because MrBeast, whoever the fuck that is... ...just cured them and you didn't do shit. You know the expression, "Shit or go blind"? You did neither. (SIGHS, CHUCKLES) I tell ya, I-- I don't get the woke. They love nothing more than being a victim, except when they really are one, and then they tell you, -"I am not, go fuck yourself." Get the-- Get this. Uh... Last month, MrBeast, in another dick move... ...funded the construction of a hundred wells across five countries in Africa to provide clean drinking water to half a million people. -Good thing, right? No. Not good, bad. (SCOFFS) The founder of a charity called Face Africa called it... Yes, but... (CLICKS TONGUE, SIGHS) But you know what else is frustrating? Dying of thirst. APPLAUDING, CHEERING) (BILL MAHER SCOFFS SOFTLY) "Man. MrBeast, how dare he come in -and bogart digging the wells?" "That's so White guy! Always taking fresh water and shoving it down our throats!" Oh, another thing this asshole did in Africa... ...was pay for the rebuilding of an African orphanage, which the director of the Hope and Homes for Children charity -(CLICKS TONGUE) So true. Ask any orphan to name the worst part of their life. "Show-offs"! (AUDIENCE LAUGHING, CHEERING, APPLAUDING) Please. Please. We should be celebrating having dead parents. -Hey, it didn't hurt Batman. (HESITATES) How did we get to this weird place, telling people who are actually out in the world making a positive difference, "You're the problem"? Yeah, um, quick question. Who the fuck are you? -(AUDIENCE CHEERING, APPLAUDING) -BILL: And-- And this isn't only the media and the people on Twitter who exist to bitch, always finding something. "He just did it for the clicks, or for the wrong reason!" Or, "He should have done more, or sooner, whatever. -You suck, signed X." -No. No, no. No, the-- This is... this is also the National Institutes of Health, which last year, proposed to amend their mission statement to exclude the word "disability," saying it, quote... -(INHALES, SIGHS HEAVILY) Let me take this moment to go on record. Folks, if-- If I am ever struck blind or deaf, or paralyzed, don't praise me, fix me. -Don't-- Don't-- Don't sit around talking about how much I'm just as good as you. Fix me! Do something. Use AI. Invent something. Steal body parts from a pet cemetery. Steal stem cells from a frog. Whatever it takes! Gene sequencing, robotic eyeballs, harvesting clones. Inject me with hamster platelets. Grow a new gallbladder from impossible meat. Just do something! (AUDIENCE CHEERING, APPLAUDING) (CHUCKLES) And if I catch on fire, you also have my absolute permission to piss on my ass. You know, there's so much faking this time of year between the presents you don't wanna buy and the presents you didn't wanna get, and the goodwill toward men that lasts until January 2nd. -(INHALES) I just don't have room for, "And disability is awesome." It's not awesome. And it's not a political affiliation. That's the problem. We turn everything into a political identity category. "You're deaf, that's your identity. Don't mess up a good thing by hearing." (AUDIENCE LAUGHING, APPLAUDING) (SIGHS) When, uh, Adele lost weight, she was excoriated for betrayal. To-- To who? She betrayed the unhealthy? The woke have even turned the homeless into a political identity group, as opposed to liberals, old school liberals, who just want to get them off the street, which now is seen as kind of judgy, like... ...don't disturb them in their natural habitat. -(AUDIENCE LAUGHING, APPLAUDING) -(GUESTS CHUCKLE) They're... They're just... They're just living their best life -under the bridge. The woke think the number one job is to protect homeless people from stigma. I think the number one job is to protect them from rain. (CLEARS THROAT) Speaking of which, when I did the ice bucket challenge back in 2014, I thought I was helping the cause of funding research to cure ALS. Wrong again! An op-ed in Time Magazine said... It was suggesting no such thing. What is wrong with this country that so many people can't be happy for anything, for even a second? Ice bucket challenge? America is more ready for the "Can you shit on something good?" challenge, and yes, we're up to it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-ej9su9pc5z [1 likes]: Innocently slipping in that you did ice bucket challenge for a good cause. You sly fox! 😛
  2. @thatcoolgirl99 [1 likes]: malcolm x even said to "beware the white liberal"
  3. @Rocketryman [1 likes]: Bill Maher should know better, his existance is due to VIDEO. :-) Cool video, just one thing... :-) Most people use the word film out of habit, but almost nothing today is film. Film is chemistry on celluloid and reels running through a film camera. Digital production is sensors, codecs, and data, a completely different craft. Film films. Video videos. We made films when we used film, and we make movies now with digital video. Relating to them like the same thing ignores that they are two different mediums with two different technologies and two different histories. 🙂

Respecting the medium means naming it correctly. We do not make films anymore, we make digital video productions that achieve results film could never reach. Accuracy helps creators understand their tools and honors the engineers who built the technology we rely on every day. ✌❤
  4. @squirellmaster1 [1 likes]: I’m blind, trust me, I would love to be fixed, and I would not be offended by it.
  5. @drbettyschueler3235 [1 likes]: I have several disabilities and I welcome anyone "fixing" me. I have no patience with people who think it is great to be disabled. It sucks. I'll will be happy to transfer one, or more, of my disabilities to anyone who thinks this is some sort of life choice.
  6. @user-gq4fr8wz2t: It's nice that a way overpaid person spends some of his money for a good cause, well done.
  7. @zcaelus: 1:33 how to tell me you’re an out of touch Boomer without telling me you are. Like, come on, dude. Even if you don’t understand the internet culture of young people, that doesn’t mean you should shit on it. Have faith that the person who has gained such acclaim and popularity through a method you don’t understand is still just as validly a celebrity as through the means you are used to. If you are covering this kind of news, you have to get rid of that ignorance.
  8. @BILLYBOBB3080: Mr. Beast had sugar daddies when he was first starting on YouTube.
  9. @FishFreddy: Why give a possibility to solve a disability when you can demand "embrace it, you are perfect the way you are"? No solution for you! Next!
He was not trying to say that having a disability is unacceptable. Only that if you are able to improve your possibilities, then you should be able to.
It seems almost like telling people they betrayed their identity because you were first in a wheelchair and now you can walk. Now I don't know who you are anymore.
  10. @Shayne-b9z: Ableist views? So if you break a leg yu shouldn't go to the doctor to get it fixed? I'm so happy I don't go on X or tiktok or ig or any of that stupid garbage
  11. @Shawnne86: Exploiting people for views, adoration and money is bad. The only thing I’m fighting for is that people understand that no one is all good or all bad. Jimmy does good things for people while exploiting them. Not EVERY time, but that’s how he started. I strongly dislike him, but I appreciate the good he does regardless. He’s not a philanthropist. He’s a YouTuber with enough sense to know what good PR is. 
Of all things he could’ve done though… he came out with chocolate and a knockoff punchable. Miss me with the “he cares” bs.
  12. @magoo73: Face Africa should be investigated, so many years doing what???
  13. @ricardokowalski1579: Collectivists are upset because MrBeast proves that 1- private individuals can do better than government; 2- Charities spend more money on staff than helping people.
  14. @erich84502ify: 🤣
  15. @sheldonhatch8255: I wonder if @BillMaher still feels like beast is a good man
(This well initiative in Africa mr beast is involved with has failed, war lords have taken over and most wells are nonfunctioning and have been scrapped for their parts. FACT)
  16. @davelilley8311: as an ex homeless down on his luck person, trust me when i say this, it and i did not care who the colour, the religion or gender of the person helping me, and the other people in similar situations wont or dont care who helps them.???
  17. @Joneb57: F you Maher. Your quotes were taken completely out of context, or did you not the read the entire articles. The people you quoted praised Mr beasts efforts and made the point that it should have been done by the government and taxes years ago. But that’s the way you work. You make false talking points just like the politicians, only you should know better. Maybe you’re just too high and drunk to put in the effort. You really have become a total piece of garbage and a waste of time.
  18. @Bro55by: Then why dnt you help others huh? Tye one thing yall do is complaining sitting in chair talking down about a good guy who spending on charity and curing people, such a pathetic greedy losers
  19. @squirellmaster1: If people receiving benefits from MrBeast have an issue with him helping others  because they think he’s doing it for publicity, whether that’s true or not, don’t take his money. If there are those that have a problem with MrBeast donating money and/or resources to their charitable organizations because they feel he’s a “white savior”, then Don’t take his money. It’s that simple.
  20. @MarjhonCaminan: So what did you do old puppy . Did you help somebody  needs help

- MrBeast is going viral again..: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast is genuinely one of the most evil people alive today. I mean that. So Mr. Beast is getting a bunch of hate. Now why is Mr. Beast evil? What is the reason? How? Be specific. Nobody's saying the reason why. People who say incredibly hyperbolic like this and offer zero reasoning or explanation or low IQ. I will explain it because other people refuse to. The reason why they think he's evil is because he is using funds to help black people in Africa who he thinks are not deserving of that help. He thinks that the money will go to waste and it will accomplish no end goal. Bad take. You want to scroll down? I'm going to facilitate the birth of tens of thousands of people who will eventually starve to death. Why don't these people donate their millions into their own communities? Africa before Mr. Beast. Africa after this has 1.2,000 2,000 likes. An African trib's first encounter with Sprite. Let's go ahead and look at the comments to this one. Huh? >> Let's not. >> The post is true though. Africa has gotten over a trillion dollars in aid and it's still the same. You're proving my point. They don't want to say it because the Overton window hasn't shifted enough. 83,000 likes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bidenomics2024 [2 likes]: Even if you think he's evil
 What have you done? Am I a better person because I haven't done shit today lol.
  2. @Allen2-z8x [1 likes]: MrBeast is having a nice guy syndrome because he is too nice to african people
  3. @tfghuggg [1 likes]: There's always good in evil and evil in good
  4. @tempioxavo [1 likes]: Brother wake up charities are money laundries....
  5. @Edgykage [1 likes]: Huh? No he's evil because he only thinks about money and sees people as money (Literally) Like how mr.Krabs ironically (Mr) Both have mr in their names LOL now i understand
  6. @MasonMange: I wish MrBeast was gonna be like in 2019 and 2020/2021s, where he’s shown to be one of the greatest people alive today, shown care for others and his friends, his videos are very enjoyable including his gameplay games and his reaction videos, and I wish Chris Tyson was still male forever and ever, instead of being a transgender creep.
  7. @arashdeepsinghghuman: Bro he isn't spending money from his pocket anymore clever guy getting donations from streamers and when nobody answered his call adin rose helped him to call everyone but later he ghosted all of them after getting help and millions one of those streamer was literally crying later telling he hadn't that much money but he keep pressuring him to donate 1,00,000k he did it to be a good friend of him but he got ghosted by him as well fuck this scammer I know this millionaires do this kinda stunts to get more  famous and saving taxes.
  8. @mariajanina3397: Guys. Think about this 5 min and u know that every of 3487 fundations that make Wells in africa they rising every year bilions for 10 years and still in africa 80% dont have water...
  9. @ohyeah4566: Y'all dumb af bro, but y'all American so it comes with the territory
  10. @Rollmops94: So he is evil, because he tries to help people?
  11. @SssuperLive: Dude, you're literally a millionaire. You'll give half the money to charity. You'll literally lose nothing, and on the contrary, you'll help people, gain authority, and earn respect. But you're just a weirdo from the lower reaches of the internet, a talking head. Although you could be a respected person, you're just a greedy p1ece of sh1t.
  12. @DissentRealized: Could it just be that he surrounds himself with .pdf files and tries to push confusing gender propaganda down our children's throats? 😅
  13. @idkausername10: You just built an entire false narrative in your neckbearded little head, the reason I myself don't like Mr. Beast is because he's a fake philanthropist. He only does what he does because he wants to gain, not because he's kind. It's sick



edit: I scrolled down, and why am I not surprised to see a thousand obvious AI comments leaving this garbage video praise? Oh that's right, because losers like this "creator" is obsessed with being right and in some position of power. You're a grade A loser!
  14. @ussr-8r: That mrshit has always been racist anti indian especially from PewDiePie tseries meme. His hateful low iq beta fans. Willhate me for this fact.
  15. @cursedimageseveryday5559: There is a certain level of brainroting any person experiencing corporate life undergoes, you can see it in almost every single rich person that deals in corporate enviroment. The parts of their brains responsible for empathy ascend (or brainrot) beyond caring about individual humans but instead caring about the whole system. Kind of like when a beekeper doesn't care about individual bees but only about the hive as a whole. From afar what MrBeats does is very benevolent but as you zoom in you start to notice many disturbing things coming together. I have seen it with my own eyes when our company's boss got hit with the real reality of things when he "zoomed in" and realised how things really work outside of paperwork and theory (he was laid of by upper management soon after because he was no longer able to do his job). Jimmy is so zoomed out and in delusion it hurts to watch. Where is the fun guy who walked marathon in oversized shoes???
  16. @kendall_1-m9c: smile 😀
  17. @smokeyworm.8574: What u think all that money you donate to Africa they get it in there hands 😂😂😂😂😂 no you think slow cunts if you had a brain you would have solved it time ago charity’s fundraisers take all the money and give nothing but a coupe of water bottles
  18. @sheldonhatch8255: @mrbeast
For someone with 500 million sycophants, an insane amount of wealth, and platforms to change the world, your lack of intelligence is baffling. You support one of the top 3 most evil and destructive corporations on this planet. So spare these 500 million with your "generosity" and "charity", because it doesn't exist. You knew what you were signing with these contracts, you KNEW that when you picked up that pit viper to carry down the hill, that it was always a pit viper. No Amount of money will ever repay or rebuild that which your entrepreneurial destruction left behind. Its time for you to quietly fade away, before anyone else is harmed.
  19. @unsolicited-opinions: Mr Beast is amazing ❤and hes actually trying to help people in need.  Just because we are Africans, doesnt make us less human or less deserving of help. Everyone hating on Mr beast or people in need getting help. You will reap what you sow.
  20. @gutyouinyourceller: As he pops up in the epstien  files 😮😅

- The Power of Philanthropy: How MrBeast's $100M+ Charity Work Changed YouTube Forever#mrbeast: Kind: captions Language: en $20 million raised in just two months by a YouTuber. When Mr. Beast launched Team Trees in 2019, people thought he was crazy. No way a content creator can raise that much money. They said charity doesn't go viral. They said they were wrong. Mr. Beast didn't just raise the money. He proved something revolutionary. You can entertain millions of people while changing the world. You can be the biggest creator on the platform while also being the most generous. Today, Mr. Beast has given away over $100 million. He's fed hundreds of thousands of people. He's built wells in Africa. He's given away houses, cars, and life-changing opportunities to people who needed them most. But this isn't just a feel-good story. Mr. Beast's approach to philanthropy has fundamentally changed what's possible on YouTube. He's created a new model that proves doing good and building a massive audience aren't just compatible, they amplify each other. In this video, I'm breaking down how Mr. Beast's charity work transformed YouTube. why his model works so brilliantly and what it means for the future of online content. Let's get into it. Mr. Beast's philanthropy didn't start with $20 million campaigns. It started small and it evolved strategically. The early days, small giveaways. In his early videos, Mr. Beast would give away hundreds or thousands of dollars to Twitch streamers, Uber drivers, or people working minimum wage jobs. These weren't massive production events. They were simple, genuine moments of generosity captured on camera. But something interesting happened. These videos performed incredibly well. Not just because of the shock value, but because viewers felt something real. They saw genuine reactions. They saw lives being impacted. And that emotional connection made them want to share the videos. Mr. Beast recognized a pattern. Generosity is inherently sharable content. The scaling phase, bigger and bolder. As his channel grew, so did the scale of his giving. He started giving away cars, then houses, then private islands. But here's what's brilliant. He didn't just hand out prizes randomly. He created challenges, competitions, and scenarios that made the giveaways entertaining while keeping the human element at the center. When someone wins a house in a Mr. Beast video, you don't just see them get the keys, you see their story. You understand why it matters. You feel their gratitude. This combination of entertainment and genuine impact became his signature. The breakthrough team trees. In October 2019, Mr. Beast launched Team Trees with fellow YouTuber Mark Robber. The goal was audacious. Plant 20 million trees by raising $20 million by the end of the year. Skeptics were everywhere. It's too ambitious. People won't donate that much. Charity fatigue is real. But within 56 days, they hit the goal. $20 million from over 800,000 donors, the largest creator-led fundraising campaign in internet history at that time. This wasn't just a successful charity campaign. It was proof of concept. Proof that YouTubers could mobilize their audiences for causes that mattered. Proof that generosity could be the foundation of viral content. Team C's and beyond. Two years later, Mr. Beast and Mark Robber launched Team C's, raising over $30 million to remove trash from oceans and rivers. Then came Beast Philanthropy, a separate channel dedicated entirely to charitable work, where 100% of the ad revenue, sponsorships, and merchandise sales go directly to feeding people in need. The evolution was complete. Mr. Beast had gone from giving away a few thousand dollars in early videos to creating a sustainable model for largecale philanthropy built into his content empire. So why does Mr. Beast's approach to charity work so well when others have tried and failed? It comes down to four core principles. Principle one, transparency and authenticity. Mr. Beast doesn't just claim to give away money. He shows you every dollar, every reaction, every moment. When he says he gave someone a million dollars, you watch it happen. You see the briefcase full of cash. You see the person's genuine shock and tears. You see the follow-up moments. This transparency builds trust. Viewers know the charity work is real because they witness it. There's no room for skepticism because everything is documented. In an era where influencer authenticity is constantly questioned, Mr. Beast's approach eliminates doubt. Principle two, entertainment meets impact. Here's the genius of Mr. Beast's model. His charity content is just as entertaining as his challenge videos. He doesn't make charity boring or preachy. He makes it exciting. I gave my 100 millionth subscriber a private island isn't just a charity video. It's an event. It has suspense. It has storytelling. It has a payoff that viewers want to see. By making philanthropy entertaining, Mr. Beast ensures that his charity work reaches the widest possible audience. It's not just people who care about charity watching. It's everyone. This approach maximizes both impact and reach. Principle three, emotional connection. Mr. Beast understands that people don't just care about statistics. They care about stories. When Beast Philanthropy feeds people, they don't just show numbers. They show faces. They show families. They show the moment when someone receives a warm meal. When he gives away a house, you learn about the person receiving it. You understand their struggles. You feel their relief and joy. This emotional storytelling makes viewers personally invested in the outcome. It transforms passive watching into active caring. Principle four, sustainable and scalable model. Here's what separates Mr. Beast from traditional charity approaches. His model is sustainable. He doesn't ask viewers to donate and get nothing in return. He creates content that generates revenue. And that revenue funds more charitable work, which creates more content, which generates more revenue. It's a self- sustaining cycle. The more successful his videos are, the more good he can do. The more good he does, the more compelling his content becomes. Beast Philanthropy takes this even further. It's an entire channel where every view, every sponsorship, every merchandise sale goes directly to feeding people. The content funds the cause automatically. This model proves that charity and business success aren't opposing forces. They can reinforce each other. Mr. Beast's approach to philanthropy hasn't just benefited his channel. It's changed the entire YouTube landscape, inspiring other creators. After Team Trees and Team C's, dozens of major creators started incorporating more charitable work into their content. Some launched their own fundraising campaigns. Others started featuring charitable giving in their videos. The idea that you could build a brand around generosity became mainstream. Mr. Beast proved that nice guy content could outperform drama and controversy. He showed that you didn't need to be edgy or negative to build a massive audience. Changing viewer expectations. Today's YouTube audience increasingly expects their favorite creators to give back. Viewers are more likely to support creators who use their platform for positive impact. They're more engaged with content that has meaning beyond entertainment. Mr. Beast raised the bar. He set a new standard for what's possible when you have influence and choose to use it responsibly. Redefining success metrics. Before Mr. Beast, YouTube success was measured in views, subscribers, and revenue. Mr. Beast added a new metric, realworld impact. How many people did you help? How many lives did you change? How much good did you do with your platform? This shift in perspective has influenced how creators think about their work. It's not just about going viral anymore. It's about what you do with that virality. Corporate and brand response. Mr. Beast's success has also influenced how brands approach creator partnerships. Companies now see value in partnering with creators who have authentic charitable components to their content. They understand that audiences respond positively to brands that support meaningful causes. This has created more opportunities for creators to fund philanthropic work through sponsorships, ultimately enabling more charitable content. The long-term cultural shift. Perhaps most importantly, Mr. Beast has influenced an entire generation's relationship with wealth and success. Young people watching his content see someone who has massive success and chooses to share it. They see that giving can be exciting, not obligatory. They see that helping others doesn't diminish your own success, it enhances it. This cultural shift could have implications far beyond YouTube. It's shaping how the next generation thinks about success, wealth, and responsibility. Now, let's be fair. Mr. Beast's approach to philanthropy isn't without criticism, and it's important to address these perspectives. Criticism one, charity shouldn't be Some argue that turning charity into content commodifies human suffering and reduces genuine need to entertainment. The counterargument, Mr. Beast's approach raises awareness and funds for causes that might otherwise be ignored. If making charity entertaining helps more people, isn't that a net positive? Traditional charity methods reach limited audiences. Mr. Beast's videos reach hundreds of millions. The scale of impact is incomparable. Criticism two, it's not real charity if you profit. Critics point out that Mr. Beast makes money from his charity content through ad revenue and sponsorships. The response, Mr. Beast reinvests nearly all his earnings back into content and charitable work. Beast philanthropy specifically channels 100% of revenue to feeding people. The sustainability of his model allows for continuous long-term impact rather than one-time donations. Criticism three, short-term solutions to systemic problems. Some argue that individual acts of charity, while helpful, don't address root causes of poverty and inequality. This is a fair point. Giving someone a house doesn't solve the housing crisis. Feeding people doesn't solve food insecurity. But Mr. Beast has never claimed to be solving systemic issues. He's providing immediate relief and raising awareness. Both can coexist with long-term solutions. The broader perspective. Despite criticisms, the numbers speak for themselves. Over 100 million given away, hundreds of thousands of people fed, 20 million trees planted, 30 million pounds of trash removed from oceans. Is the model perfect? No. Could it be improved? Probably. But is it making a significant positive impact? Absolutely. So what does Mr. Beast's success mean for the future of YouTube and online content? The new standard. Mr. Beast has proven that philanthropy can be core to a content strategy, not just an afterthought. Future generations of creators will grow up seeing charitable work as a natural part of building an audience. Scaling impact. As more creators adopt similar models, the collective impact could be enormous. Imagine if even 10% of major YouTubers incorporated meaningful charity work into their content. The potential for positive change is staggering. Beyond YouTube, Mr. Beast's model is already influencing other platforms. Tik Tok creators, Instagram influencers, and Twitch streamers are exploring how they can integrate charitable giving into their The ultimate lesson. Here's the takeaway. Mr. Beast proved that success and generosity aren't opposing forces. You don't have to choose between building a massive audience and making a positive impact. In fact, they reinforce each other. Generosity makes content more sharable. Impact creates deeper audience connections. Authenticity builds trust and loyalty. Mr. Beast didn't just change the YouTube landscape. He changed what's possible when you combine entertainment, business savvy, and genuine desire to help people. The power of philanthropy isn't just in the money given away. It's in the inspiration created. It's in the cultural shift toward using influence responsibly. It's improving that doing good and doing well can be the same thing. And that might be Mr. Beast's greatest contribution to YouTube. What do you think about Mr. Beast's approach to charity? Does entertainmentbased philanthropy work or does it miss the point? Drop your thoughts in the comments below. If you found this breakdown valuable, hit that subscribe button. We're analyzing the world's top creators every week, uncovering the strategies behind their success. Thanks for watching. Now go create something meaningful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeastInsights-u8h: QUICK POLL: What's your view on entertainment-based philanthropy?

A) 🌟 It's brilliant - raises more awareness and funds
B) 🤔 It's complicated - has pros and cons
C) ❌ Charity shouldn't be content
D) 💡 There's a better way (tell us in replies!)

Vote with emoji reactions! 👆

Also - What's YOUR favorite MrBeast charity moment? Team Trees? Beast Philanthropy? A specific giveaway video? Let's discuss below! 👇

📌 Don't miss Part 2 next week: "MrBeast's Business Model: How Giving Away Millions Makes Financial Sense"

🔔 Turn on ALL notifications so you never miss our creator strategy breakdowns!

- Radiant Acts of Generosity: The Inspiring Impact of MrBeast #youtuber #mrbeast: Kind: captions Language: en in the vast expanse of cyberspace amidst the noise and Chaos there exists a voice a voice that speaks not of self-promotion or fame but of kindness compassion and the power of giving born Jimmy Donaldson but known to the world as Mr Beast this young man embarked on a journey unlike any other a journey guided not by personal gain but by a Relentless desire to make a positive impact on the world with each video Mr Beast captures the hearts of Millions inspiring them to join him in his mission of spreading joy and lifting others up from surprising strangers with life-changing gifts to donating Millions to charitable causes his acts of generosity know no bounds through his unwavering dedication and boundless creativity Mr Beast has transformed the lives of countless individuals offering hope where there was once Despair and showing that even the smallest act of kindness can make a world of difference whether it's planting trees feeding the hungry or simply brightening someone's day Mr BEAST's impact reverberates far beyond the confines of the digital world creating a ripple effect of positivity that touches lives across the globe but perhaps the most remarkable aspect of Mr BEAST's journey is the community he has built a community United by a shared vision of creating a better world for all together they stand as a testament to the incredible things that can be achieved when people come together for a common cause as the sun sets on another day Mr BEAST's Legacy shines bright Illuminating a path of Hope and possibility for generations to come his story serves as a reminder that no matter how dark the world may seem there is always light to be found in the kindness of others so let us celebrate The Man Behind The Legend whose unwavering dedication to spreading kindness has touched the hearts of millions a true Beacon of light in a world that often feels dim

- MrBeast's philanthropy will not save the world | Internet Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en - Hello, my dudes. My name is Tiffany. Welcome back to my series Internet Analysis, where I like to research and discuss things relevant to social issues and media. Today we are going to be talking about Mr. Beast, again. I have made a few videos about him over the years, and I am still fascinated to this day. Mr. Beast is an enigma. I have so many questions. Okay hi. Literally, as I filmed that, Mr. Beast posted a new video, 1000 Blind People see for the first time, and there's a lot to unpack. Originally, this whole script was very different, but honestly, because of that video and all the discourse around it, I couldn't post something about Mr. Beast right now without talking about it. So I've basically rewritten and re-edited this entire video. Cheers. Mr. Beast has become extremely popular in recent years. He is currently the most subscribed creator, aside from a few corporate channels and has a reach of over 250 million across all of his channels. His content primarily involves expensive gimmicks, giving away money to strangers, challenges with massive prizes. It's like the spirit of "Jackass" but younger and a bit more PG. There's lots of fast edits, sound effects, and screaming. Mr. Beast has said that his average viewer would be a boy who plays video games, so that makes sense. Mr. Beast has built his business by continuously spending more and more on each video. The giveaways are bigger, the stunts are wilder. The more he spends, the more views he gets, the more he can reinvest in the business. That is the Mr. Beast way. When people say nobody does it like Mr. Beast, that is true, and he wants to maintain that. He wants his videos to be bigger, crazier, and more expensive than anything or anyone else on social media, but perhaps nobody should be doing it like Mr. Beast, the waste, the extreme spending and all encompassing obsession with work. Maybe Mr. Beast doing all of this is too much. Mr. Beast is doing too much. You mean he's helping too many people, changing too many lives? Oh, of course, we've gotta talk about Beast Philanthropy, so we will get into that in a moment. Later in this video, I'm gonna talk more about his work ethic, his motivations, his content strategy, his big plans for the future. That's what the video was originally gonna be about. But regardless, it is very important to know everything Mr. Beast does is meticulously planned and thought out by him and his team. He is extremely intentional all by design, so just keep that in mind. But before we continue, this portion of today's video is sponsored by Love and Pies. That sounds very precious. Love and Pies is a cute, cozy merge two mobile game, which is free to download on your phone or tablet. As you all know, I am a big mobile game fan. I play every day. I love having a little something to play when I've got a couple moments to spare. The storyline is basically Amelia Green moves to the countryside to work at her family's cafe. Your goal is to fix it up and make the cafe thrive. In the meantime, there is also drama. Amelia Encounters family secrets, romance and grudges. We love a mystery. So let me show you the gameplay. Basically, you merge pieces together to make different products to fill the cafe orders, and then you can use your coins to do renovations along the way you meet new characters, compete in events and competitions, and new story content is released regularly. I think the illustration like design is very cute, and this is random, but I really like the sound effects, especially this pop. (popping) When I'm wearing headphones, it's weirdly satisfying. Anyway, this game is very relaxing to play and it's so nice to see all the elements come together in your new cafe. You can download Love and Pies with my link below. Beast Philanthropy. After watching hours of his podcast and interviews, I noticed Mr. Beast repeats the same talking points. Something he says all the time is that helping people is one of his main motivations. He essentially acts as the host of the Mr. Beast Game show, giving lucky contestants the chance to compete for cash and prizes. He even created his own "Squid Game" in real life video. Many pointed out the irony of him and other popular YouTubers to be fair, positioning themselves as the ring leader of the "Squid Game" orchestrating a competition in which desperate people compete and fight to the death while others watch it as entertainment. Of course, no one was harmed in his version, but the "Squid Game Show" is so dark and has a lot of social commentary, and these videos were so gleeful. It just felt a little eerie and dystopian. However, it feels like any criticism of Mr. Beast is always drowned out by a million times more praise. Mr. Beast is a legend. Mr. Beast is the GOAT. And to the haters Mr. Beast fans would argue it's not that deep. It's just for fun. And all of these participants willingly play and some people won some great prizes. The argument is always, this is a net positive for the participants or for society. Mr. Beast doesn't have to give all of his money away, but he chooses to. Sure, but this is not a gift. There are strings attached. Participating in a Mr. Beast video is a transaction. He wouldn't give all this stuff and money away for free without filming it. All of his videos help pay for the next one. And it's important to note, no matter how much he spends on a video, he's going to make all of that back and probably more so let's not act like his contest and giveaways are purely selfless. Mr. Beast is making millions and his brand continues to increase in value. Plus he gets the added bonus of lots of positive PR. He gets to be known as a philanthropist. In 2020, Jimmy started Beast Philanthropy, a separate channel and 501C3 charity. 100% of profits from ads, merch and sponsorships on this channel go toward making the world a better place. Unlike his main channel that has more stunt and competition focused giveaways, this channel focuses on acts of service. These are pretty much the classic staples of charity. Donating food, school supplies, building homes, saving an orphanage. I don't know if Mr. Beast is religious, but I definitely get Evangelical Christian mission kind of vibes from some of this with some sprinklings of white saviorism. Now, you may be wondering what's wrong with missions or voluntourism. That would require a whole other video to get into, but here are some resources if you want to learn more. So finally, let's analyze the video in question. The thumbnail is Mr. Beast smiling with a hand on the shoulder of what looks like a young patient. The kid has a surprised expression and has tears photoshopped onto his face. By the way, Mr. Beast's thumbnail style is so uncanny and weird to me. I really can barely stand to look at them. The title is 1000 Blind People See For the First Time, which is not entirely accurate really. It's more like helping 1000 blind people see again by sponsoring cataract surgeries. But obviously a title like that would not be as clickable, so he makes it a little more snappy and shocking. - In this video, we're curing 1000 people's blindness. (audience cheering) It's gotta be crazy. - Classic hype, Mr. Beast. - [Mr. Beast] Most of us see the world like this. But here's the thing, 200 million people see the world like this, but I just made it one less. - Oh. Wow. - Basically, Mr. Beast worked with this organization, See International, that performs site restoring surgeries for people with conditions such as cataracts. Mr. Beast paid for 1000 people to get the surgery in the US and abroad. Now, okay, before anyone asks, is it a good thing that these people were helped? Of course. And did I cry? Yeah, I cry at everything. But should the discussion end there? I don't think so. First of all, one of the wildest things I first noticed when this video went up and Mr. Beast was trending on Twitter, many of his supporters were comparing him to Jesus, God, a savior, a Messiah. Some of these are jokes obviously, but to be fair, he has kind of been stealing Jesus' brand. Jimmy new image recommendation, grow your hair out, keep rocking the sandals. But really, I do find this language fascinating. He's blessing people or the implication that he cured blindness. Mr. Beast paid for surgeries, but he did not cure blindness. Now, here's the thing. Mr. Beast himself may not have a savior complex, but many of his fans project that onto him and he doesn't really push back. I feel like I'd be like, hey guys, don't call me Jesus. So anyway, let's look at his responses on Twitter. January 28th, the day this video was posted, we helped 1000 people see, literally, go watch the new video. Same day. The video is ranked number one, which means it's performing very well. Guess you guys like the new style. If you're a creator reading this, don't be afraid to take risks. Classic metric focused Mr. Beast. As the video gains steam criticism began rolling in. So let's break down all of these complaints. I think the number one complaint or negative response is basically this video is the epitome of those feel good stories that are actually tragic. The fact that it took the charity of a millionaire YouTuber to restore 1000 people's site shows how badly our healthcare systems are failing. It is sickening that this 10 minute procedure is not available to everyone who needs it free of charge. We need free universal healthcare, especially here in the US where Mr. Beast and I are based. We really have no excuse. This is an extremely wealthy country, but the health insurance companies and other massive entities lobby against any attempts at a public universal healthcare system because that would ruin their business. Obviously, is this entire complaint lobbied directly at Mr. Beast? No, but people are just pointing out what his video is a reflection of or a symptom of. So complaint number two, helping is good, but this video is still exploitative and charity corn, we are all happy that 1000 people now have improved sight. That fact alone is undeniably a wonderful thing. And while these systemic failures are not Mr. Beast's fault, obviously, making content out of people's needs and desperation, that is textbook exploitation. I know the word exploitation may seem a bit strong, but he is using these people to get views without featuring the people, hearing their stories, there really wouldn't be a video. So it's important to ask what does the blind community think of Mr. Beast's video? Of course, they're not a monolith. I have seen tons of different opinions. Some blind folks enjoyed the video and don't have any problems with it. Others have raised some issues. So here's one perspective from With Hannah D on TikTok. - I think it's absolutely fantastic that Mr. Beast paid for 1000 people's cataract surgery, but that's just it. He paid for a procedure. He did not cure blindness. There are hundreds of diseases and blindness is a spectrum, but not every single one of them can be cured. What's upsetting is that people are talking about it as if he made some type of revolutionary discovery that cures blindness as a whole, and that's just not the case. But this is the part of the video where I really had a problem. In the video he says this, patients going into surgery have a chance of getting their life back. Just because someone is blind does not mean that their life is any less fulfilling than the next person's. That statement that we could get our lives back perpetuates the stereotype that we're incapable. And while he didn't outright say that, it's the implication of that statement that matters. I feel like this could have been a wonderful opportunity to educate 132 million people rather than reinforce stereotypes for 132 million people. But that's just me. - Mr. Beast's strategies with these giveaways has always been, the more he gives, the more he will make back. And this is nothing new for Jimmy. He's been doing it since he got his first big brand deal in 2017. It was for $10,000 and he gave it all away to a homeless man in a video of course, he's been very clear in interviews and podcasts. Giving away money is a huge part of his growth strategy, especially back then. But on the Beast Philanthropy site, they kind of rewrite history a little bit. It says, "When Jimmy Donaldson received his first sponsorship of $10,000, he wondered, how can I transform this money into something good? Not wanting to keep the money for himself. Jimmy agreed to the sponsorship deal with one condition. He was able to give away all the money. The sponsor agreed." Again, I'm sure he was happy to help that man, but he didn't just want to transform the money into something good by simply giving it away. He gave it away for a video. - Well, we can start off by driving you. Where do you want to go? I mean, cause my car's right there. - You're all good man. I've got my tent back in the woods. - Can we, you mind if we just see it or? I mean, just to give 'em a little bit more idea of how you live and stuff. - Do you have to? - No, we don't have to. No, we don't. I don't wanna overstep. - No it's just, I don't know man, some shit's just embarrassing. - Well, I do want to take you somewhere like, do you wanna go get some food or anything? I'm a YouTuber. I'm going around giving random people who need $1000. Most people get mad and say, this is a bad way to get views. Tell them that you're okay with this. Are you okay with it? - Hell yeah. - That's right YouTube. - Best day of my life right here. - Homeless people don't care if I use them for views. - Mr. Beast has been commodifying charity, donations or charity should, in theory be about giving, you shouldn't really benefit from it, aside from maybe feeling good, but Mr. Beast is literally profiting from it, aside from his philanthropy channel at least. And all of this helps his brand grow, which also enriches him. And some people might say, no, he's giving away every cent he makes. No, he's not. He's obviously not. The math wouldn't math. And I'm sure even after all of his expenses, there's money left over, whatever. Anyway, aside from Mr. Beast's benefit, I strongly believe that people deserve dignity. They shouldn't have to have a camera in their face while they're experiencing an emotional surgery, for example. I'm just not a fan of exploiting people's desperation and hardships so that you can capture a little emotional moment in your viral video. And frankly, I think filming your good deeds in general is tacky. Anyone who does this, not just Mr. Beast, plenty of people do it on YouTube. Tacky. Saying you donated or promoting an organization or a cause you believe in is very different from making an entire monetized potentially sponsored video about it. I know this video is not sponsored, but some of his other giveaways have been. But always his fans will say, no, he has to film it. That's how he makes the money to give it away. No, Mr. Beast makes plenty of money from all of his other non charity videos, plus his merch and his many other businesses. Mr. Beast's brand is currently valued at $500 million and he's on route to potentially become YouTube's first billionaire. He could absolutely afford to do all of his charity off camera, but hey, if he still wanted to post some videos on the Beast Philanthropy Channel to earn more money for the organization, that's fine. But I just have some suggestions. Number one, don't put orphans in your thumbnail for views. Number two, you could talk about the process, talk about why you're doing something. Feature you and your team working on a project, but the recipients of your charity shouldn't be forced or obligated to appear on camera. Or number three, maybe Mr. Beast could just make donations without filming it and give a shout out to a charity or an organization at the end of his main channel videos. Just a couple of ideas. I have a lot of criticisms of the nonprofit industrial complex. As I said, I do have my critiques of charity, but if Mr. Beast wants to continue doing this, I think those are some ways that he could do it. That's a little less exploitative, a little less of using the people that he is helping. So going back to Twitter, I was trying to watch his responses to all of this. After there was all of this discourse about his video, the role of charity and systemic failures. Two full days later, Mr. Beast tweets. I don't understand why curable blindness is a thing. Why don't governments step in and help? Even if you're thinking purely from a financial standpoint, it's hard to see how they don't ROI on taxes from people being able to work again. So then some of his supporters are using this and they're like, see haters, Mr. Beast agrees that our government should fix healthcare. And I'm like, I think after all of those responses, all the mainstream media attention, Mr. Beast felt compelled to point out the obvious. It took him two days to say anything like that. It's not like he said that as soon as the video was coming out and also just saying, why don't governments step in and help? That is barely a political statement, that's weak. But it's the second part of this tweet that sent me into a spiral. from people being able to work again, that is a complete 180 from implying anything like, we need a better healthcare system. Maybe our taxes should cover this. The second part is basically saying, even if you're fiscally conservative, there's a good return on investment from more people working and paying taxes. The government should care and help people's health so they can keep working. Gotta keep people alive and well so that we can profit from their labor. Also, everyone deserves care regardless of their ability to work. Your ability to work should not affect your value as a human being or your value in society. I'm losing it, but sure, if we're gonna go with this fiscally conservative argument, you know what? A universal public healthcare system paid by taxes would actually be the most cost effective. We would actually save a lot of money. And while we're at it, you know what else would help people be more productive? Living wages, parental leave, housing for all, eliminating poverty, just spit balling. Mr. Beast, I agree with you. Let's keep talking about this. Anyway, I do not assume that Mr. Beast is a secret leftist king. He seems pretty apolitical in his videos and I think that is also a content strategy. I don't think he would risk being political, but it is very important to note Mr. Beast is one of the most influential figures online. If he wanted to, he could create a healthcare campaign with huge reach. On the other hand, it's kind of scary that in having such a massive platform, he could use his influence in any way he wants. - You can and you can do whatever you want and you can influence people how you want. It's just wild how much influence the top YouTube channels have? Like for us, we have 100 million people that watch almost everything we put up. When? When has someone else ever had that kind of power without having to go through a network or anything? I just upload whatever I want. Crazy. - Does that ever worry you that you have that much influence on so many people? - No. I think we did Team Trees. Yeah, we did Team Cs. - I was surprised that he said no. Like even me with my level of influence here, I am very, very concerned. I'm constantly concerned about what I'm saying and what I'm promoting. So the fact that he's just like, no. I was like, oh my god, I would love to have that peace in my mind, but I do not. Anyway, in the middle of all these tweets about the curing blindness video, Mr. Beast suddenly polls his followers, would you vote for me if I ran for president? Over 2 million people responded, and 70% said yes. Clearly all the Jesus comparisons and you should run the country tweets may have gotten to his head. Mr. Beast has also jokingly asked if he should run Twitter for example, this tweet was very reminiscent of Elon Musk's where he's like, should I keep running Twitter? Should I step down? And the people are like, yeah, there's something so like needy about polling Twitter like that, whatever. Obviously this tweet is a joke, but I wouldn't be surprised if there was a hint of truth in it. And by the way, right now he's only 24. He's very young. Imagine where he might be in terms of power and influence by the time he's 35. If he gets enough support, why wouldn't he try. The rich guy turned presidential candidate pipeline is terrifying. I'm rich, I'm good at handling business and money. Let me run this country like a company. Just because they're a household name or claim to have success or expertise does not mean that they are at all qualified to run a country. We do not need any more billionaires or aspiring billionaires running for president. Honestly, I think that should disqualify you. (gentle music) All that being said, the cult of personality around Mr. Beast is a bit scary. His fans will fiercely defend him against the quote unquote haters. Since Mr. Beast does so much good, it's hard to criticize anything that he does. Jimmy can do no wrong because he's donated so much. He gives so much. It's basically his hall pass to get out of anything. But it's not just his fans that think this way. Jimmy himself thinks that a lot of this criticism is unfair. In one of the podcast episodes I listened to, I can't remember which Mr. Beast basically complained about how he's covered in the mainstream media. He basically said, I could donate tons of money and they would still give me negative press. Though honestly, I think the vast majority of mainstream coverage I've ever seen about him has been very positive. So I don't know what he's talking about, but also he is the biggest YouTuber. It would be insane if no one were allowed to question him or his work ever. Then he tweeted this the other day, Twitter rich people should help others with their money. Me, okay, I'll use my money to help people and I promise to give away all my money before I die. Every single penny. Twitter, Mr. Beast, bad. Yeah, Mr. Beast, all of Twitter was calling you bad. There was probably one, even slightly a negative response for every thousand tweets of fawning praise. And also every critical post that I came across agreed. First of all, that helping those thousand people was a good thing. But they were just trying to have a nuanced discussion about charity or these sorts of videos. But no, no, no that equals Mr. Beast bad. Not bowing down to Mr. Beast, calling him the goat, calling him Jesus is bad. Okay, I can understand the youngest parts of his audience, the like literal children maybe not being super critical and seeing things from a very black and white perspective. He donated, that's good, end of story. But I have seen so many grown adults all over Twitter fighting any criticism on his behalf. Some of you are writing for him so hard. It's like you think you're gonna win a free Tesla. Sometimes I feel like I'm losing my mind reading these responses 'cause I don't think my take is that crazy. But apparently it is, and I'm horrible. His defenders often say something like, he could just be buying mansions with his money, but instead he gives away millions. Can't you sad losers just appreciate how much he helps and okay, sure, this video may be a net positive result, meaning the upsides of these 1000 people getting their surgery is worth it compared to any potential downsides. But this video is also a net profit for Mr. Beast. It helps others and it is self-serving. Two things can be true at once. Everything is calculated. If there's one thing Sheridan and I learned from listening to hours of his podcast interviews, it's that everything Mr. Beast does is calculated. This video, this charitable act is just a minor piece of the entire Mr. Beast puzzle. For example, even in this site surgery video, he starts giving away money. You might think, oh, that's just another nice thing to do. Sure, for those people, that's very nice. But it is also content strategy. Every few minutes, another prize is given or teased. In case the viewer gets bored of the main heartwarming content. Here's a bit of excitement. Mr. Beast pops in like clockwork with another briefcase of money, 10,000, 50,000, and at the end a Tesla, because of course that is a surefire way for him to maintain viewer retention through the entire eight minute video. And this strategy is applied to all of his content. Keep up the pace and the ante with more jump cuts, more prizes. I'm sure if there's anything Mr. Beast has learned from all these videos he's made, he knows his audience's desire for exposure and prizes. He can make people do the most ridiculous things like stand in a circle for days on end. He recognizes that most Americans will do just about anything for money. So speaking of another silly Twitter poll from Jimmy, he posted, if someone offered you $10,000, but if you accept a random person in the world dies, would you do it? First of all, why would you even tweet that? And out of almost 2 million votes, 45% of people said yes. - So what do you learn about human nature from that? - That's a good question. Honestly, it was like late at night when I threw that up too. I was just like, huh, this will be a funny thing. I assumed it'd be 90% no like 10% yes. A lot of the replies on the tweet were like, hell yeah, why not? And I was just not expecting that. - Was it disturbing to you surprising to you? - A little bit, yeah. But obviously a lot of the people were trolling. But I actually, when you read through those replies, I do think like 10% of them were dead serious. - But I also cannot believe that this would actually be a surprising result to Mr. Beast because again, most of your content is about just how far people will go for money. Come on. Okay, so now the rest of this video from here onward is most of the original that I planned to make before this video came out and threw everything off. If you wanna hear more about Mr. Beast, his goals, his obsession with YouTube and work, the way that his mind functions, keep watching, it's basically an entirely different video. Honestly I know that it might seem weird from now on, but I spent so much time researching and writing this. I don't wanna just throw all of this work out. So if you're interested, keep watching. Let's get into part two, the Mr. Beast Machine. In podcast and interviews, Mr. Beast often repeats his top priorities and goals for his brand. Number one, to help people as we just thoroughly discussed, and two, to make the best videos. And here's my hot take. I don't think Mr. Beast makes the best videos on YouTube. Shock. I do think he believes it though. So let's examine that. Out of all the podcast episodes and interviews I listen to nobody pushed back on this. Nobody really questions him. Do you actually believe you make the best videos on YouTube? Or even how do you define the best video? What other sorts of videos do you think are great? I would love to hear his thoughts. I want to know blatantly, what are Jimmy's metrics for success? Is best measured by views? Viral equals good? Does spending more money equal a better video? Therefore, the most expensive videos with the most views are the best? Now, hey, I do agree that the scale of production is impressive. His videos are certainly very elaborate. It's pretty cool to see a YouTube channel doing things that we're used to only seeing in movies or on TV. And there are massive teams behind every single video. But again, high production value does not necessarily equal a great video. Of course, I do love many YouTubers who have high production values like Contra Points and Philosophy Tube, but their videos aren't great just because they spend more money on them. The costumes, set design and soundtracks are definitely an added bonus. But the best part of the video is the writing. And I know this is an entirely different genre of videos. The audience is looking for something different. When you watch a Mr Beast video, you don't close the tab expecting to walk away with more knowledge on a topic or even about Jimmy himself. It's just to me, sensory overload. If you took out all the crazy edits, the sets, the extravagance, what you're left with is a bunch of mostly white 20 something dudes yelling and throwing around cash. It's like when you see clips of popular sitcoms when they take out the laugh track and you realize that maybe the show wasn't so funny after all. - Where is the waitress? I'm starving. - It's a buffet man. - Anyway, if you wanna hear more dissection of that best videos idea, watch the letter fifteens video on Mr Beast in meritocracy. I've promoted this video many times, but I just have to continue. It is so good. - His videos have the humanity sucked out of them because it's not attention grabbing enough for the algorithm. Mr. Beast has deeply internalized his principles of virality. - Jimmy is obsessed with YouTube. He says it himself and he has closely studied the algorithm for years. - Since I was 11 years old almost every waking hour of the day, I'm thinking of YouTube in some form or capacity. - He's studied YouTube so much that he now has what he calls Retention Brain. He's constantly analyzing and viewing everything through the lens of what would best retain viewers, what can hold people's attention, what could go viral. - My retention brain, when you talk about something, I'm instantly like, what value are they gonna get? How many of them are gonna be interested? What percentage of people do I think will lose? And I'm like running all those calculations in the background. Like bells are like error error. This is bad. I don't have to think. I can just watch a video and it just screams in my head like, this is what should change. Based on the million videos I've watched and all these viral videos I've consumed. Like anytime I watch a video or a movie or anything, I just can't stop thinking about what is optimal. It gives me a headache sometimes when I watch something too slow or I don't think it's optimal. Obviously my taste isn't the end all be all, but that's something that kind of torments me, if that makes any sense. - And this is so interesting. I check in on my YouTube analytics occasionally, but I don't try to get deep into the metrics, like seeing exactly where retention drops down and trying to figure out why. I probably should pay attention if I wanted to optimize my videos. But for me, I feel like that would end up taking away from my creativity. Whereas Mr. Beast seems to be the opposite. Rather than using analytics to see how a video performed after the fact, he is using those metrics to build the video, he's creating the video, making edits every three seconds or so using this sound effect, including his friends' obnoxious screaming because he knows it will help keep his viewers engaged and entertained. Aside from just making the best YouTube videos, Mr. Beast is also a worldwide brand expanding into other ventures. - Do you know how many income sources you have? - Well, let's see. We have Beast Burger, Feastables. We have a a company where we dub channels, which runs our Mr. Beast Espanol. And we have Mr. Beast, Mr. Beast Gaming, Beast Reacts. What else do we have going on? - Merch? - Yeah, merch as another one. It's kind of hard. I kind of forget the stuff we're doing. - Mr. Beast kind of promotes the idea that his brand expansion is also for the greater good. Somehow him selling merch or snacks or burgers is not for his gain. It's not for money. These businesses help him help more people. Mr. Beast even claims that he started Beast Burger during the pandemic because he wanted to help restaurants. It's debatable whether or not Ghost Kitchens help or hurt independent restaurants overall. But aside from that, yeah Mr. Beast claimed that he opened Beast Burger during the pandemic to help restaurants that were struggling due to COVID and Lockdowns. But then his manager says they had been working on it for over a year. So that timeline doesn't add up. Again there's nothing wrong with them wanting to open a restaurant or a ghost kitchen in general, but to retroactively frame it like they did it intentionally to help restaurants during COVID is just disingenuous. This seems to be a bit of a pattern in the way that Mr. Beast and his team frame him. Obviously, they're gonna put things in the most flattering light, but the point he constantly makes is that all revenue whether from videos merge products. That money helps him make more videos, which may be more or less true. So he's able to give that sweet, sweet entertainment back to his viewers and more money for giveaways. So buy my shirt, watch my videos, gimme a like, gimme a comment, and we'll be able to do more giveaways. It's a win-win. Hey, we are all benefiting equally from this arrangement. It's like when a YouTuber buys a house and they're like, we did it. It's like, yeah, but only one of us has the keys. Regardless, Mr. Beast certainly does spend a lot on his brand and he wants everyone to know it. A few weeks ago, Mr. Beast said that he spends $8 million per month on his businesses. Just last September, Mr. Beast told Colin and Samir that he spent $4 million every month. Being the top YouTube creator is not enough. Mr. Beast wants to expand his empire into more and more products all around the world. This is his path to potentially become YouTube's first billionaire. From Forbes Donaldson is the sole owner of his studio, but is looking to sell a small stake. If he has his way, 10% could cost $150 million. A deal that rich would value the studio at 1.5 billion, making Donaldson the world's first billionaire YouTuber. Here's the thing, he says, I don't really care about the goal of being a billionaire. I'm just gonna keep making great stuff. And if I happen to become a billionaire through that, then so be it. I'm like, mm hmm. But not only does he wanna be successful, he also still wants to be the most liked, the most popular, the beloved. He's not gonna be like other billionaires, but is his quest to be good and a billionaire even possible. No. Good billionaire or ethical billionaire is an oxymoron. Mr. Beast, the workaholic. You may be wondering how is Jimmy possibly balancing all of these ventures? While it helps that he is literally in his own words, obsessed with work. We are very used to seeing the hustle culture, grind, set, promoted by many rich or aspiring rich people. This kind of content, mostly comprised of men, describes how they stay motivated and keep pushing. They're all about efficiency, productivity, biohacking, work smarter, not harder. It's hyper capitalist rife with myths about masculinity and meritocracy. Interestingly, Mr. Beast does not seem materialistic in his personal life, unlike other top earning YouTubers, he doesn't really flex his wealth, not directly, at least. - I just don't need a mansion to be happy. I don't need a super car to be happy. I don't really need anything outside of this. As long as I have a bed and a bathroom, I'm fine. Because of that, I don't have any liabilities outside of the company, so I can just reinvest it all. To me, money is just fuel to grow the business and help people and not much else. - Anyway, I was very interested to hear more of Jimmy's thoughts on work and the grind, work life balance, the separation of ourselves. Aah, severance is a lie, but Jimmy really does have very little separation between his work and his personal life. - How do you stay focused? - For me, the problem I'm having right now is I struggle to wind down at night 'cause I just work and work and I'll lay in bed and I'll think of ideas. I'm a little too focused right now, which is something I always have to correct myself. - Do you ever take days off? - Yeah, of course. So the way I like to work, and I don't recommend you guys try this, I just work every day, every hour of the day until I just burn out. So like usually around day 10, I'll wake up and I'm just like, it's too much. Like I can't keep doing these 12, 15 hours a days and then I'll take like half a day or maybe a day depending on how severe it is, and I'll just chill and I'll just kinda like nuke my calendar and then by the next day I'm fired up and I'm ready to go and then I just do it again. And so it's weird, but that's what works really, really well for me. - For some hustle bros, they're rhetoric seems like a facade to make them appear hardworking and intense. But for Mr. Beast, the extent of his focus sounds surreal and very, very unhealthy. Burnout is not something he tries to avoid. Unlike other YouTubers, he just leans in. In the Forbes interview he said, what I do is just like a zombie. I get up and I obsess over it. I obsess over it until I fall asleep. I dream about it, I wake up and I do it again to a fault. Nothing outside my business gets any attention. It is just wild. Like the more I heard about this, I just still could not believe it. I can't imagine living or working that way. Clearly we are very different, different brains, different motivations. - If I'm not creating, then I don't feel fulfilled. I don't feel like I'm progressing, then I feel like I'm wasting my time and like, yeah, I just kind of feel like a waste of space, like a piece of shit if I'm not making videos. You know what I mean? - Yeah, that's interesting. I feel the exact same way. - I've worked to try to undo that part of my brain that calls me lazy, cue my laziness does not exist video and I absolutely work to live, not live to work, which is a privilege for sure. But Mr. Beast obviously has that privilege as well. He could certainly work much less, but he really does not want to. He's really gamifying content creation. Optimizing and utilizing all the strategies he's learned over the years is a game. So when a video performs well and all those metrics are strong, he feels like he is winning. This ultimately is why he says work feels more like play. He doesn't have to force himself to work. If anything, he has to force himself to take breaks. - Bodybuilders, he'll be like, just go to the gym, be disciplined. I'm disciplined, go to gym. But I would argue for those people, it's like, it's not even discipline. They just enjoy weightlifting. So then there's people like me who just to an extreme level, love building companies, it's not even discipline for me, it's just in my blood. It's what I wake up. I don't think about it, I don't push myself. I don't need to watch a motivational video to go work. I just do it. It's programmed in me at this point. - People definitely praise Mr. Beast for his work ethic, for his endless passion, but I don't think it's anything that anyone else could learn. This is just the way his brain works. He is hyper focused on content, optimization and growth. And while on one hand this does work for him and his business model, it definitely isn't attainable for every single creator, and it should not be. Jimmy has created and risen to the top of this maximalist action packed genre of videos. His studio puts in way more time, energy, and money than really anything else on YouTube. For the rest of us, this level of grind would be impossible to achieve. It's obvious that Jimmy wants to make a legacy for himself. Unlike most other YouTubers who see this job as temporary or unstable. We'll do it as long as we have a decent audience. Jimmy is fully set on doing YouTube for the rest of his life. Lex Friedman asked what he would do if he had a month left to live, and I thought, hmm, Jimmy's so singularly obsessed with work. Maybe he would have the classic realization of, oh, I worked too much. I didn't spend enough time with my loved ones, but listen. - If I only had 30 days to live, what would I do? And for me, I would try to make like a decade's worth of content and schedule upload it so they automatically go public in the future. And so it's just like I never died. I'm just there. - Despite being the biggest creator on YouTube, Mr. Beast has more in common and feels more aligned with startup dudes and CEOs than he does with fellow content creators. Nobody's on his level, nobody's dreaming as big, and frankly at this point, no one can really catch up. - One thing I thought is, as I climbed this ladder of YouTube and got bigger, I thought there would be tons of people like me. I thought there would be hundreds of mes. Yeah, and there isn't. There is every step of the way. It's like I just got more and more lonely, to be honest. There's just not many people that just want to give up everything, go all in and obsess over making the greatest videos every single day of their life. Like they're really hard to find. - Again, Mr. Beast's level of obsession and dedication is so extreme. I'm not surprised that there aren't many others who would feel the same. I assume when other YouTubers reach the ranks of tens or even hundreds of millions of subscribers, they want to relax a bit more, enjoy their riches. But Mr. Beast seems to want to ramp up his work exponentially. Many tech giants are taking notice of Mr. Beast and the massive audience slash consumer base he's grown. If there's one thing they love, it's someone who loves data and knows how to exploit the attention economy to the fullest. - I'm coming more from the frame of mind of an entrepreneur, someone who's really obsessed with business building. For me and a lot of my friends and the people I hang around. What brings us happiness is winning and building companies and changing the world like that is fun. It's a complex problem you can wake up every day and it gives you something to obsess over and devote your life to. - Winning, building companies and changing the world. I think Mr. Beast and his fans want him to be that hero. He already is on a small scale, look at how much good he's done. If he were even more rich and powerful, that would only increase the amount of good he could do, right? No, I don't think so. However, let me be clear, Mr. Beast is not the problem, but he's not the solution either. Mr. Beast makes videos that millions of people enjoy. Kudos to him for that. I genuinely do admire how passionate he is about YouTube. I'll admit, when I was watching all these hours and hours of podcasts, I was like, you know what, Mr. Beast seems like a regular guy. He's just kind of a nerd about YouTube, which I, me too. I don't think we have similar mindsets on a lot of things, especially like work and money. But he doesn't come across as like evil in these podcasts except the TMG one. But anyway, still, Mr. Beast is not a god. We should always leave room for criticism, especially when it comes to industry leaders and some of the highest earners in the world. No person with extreme levels of wealth is going to save us. I think we like to have that hope. We like to think that because someone has money, power, influence, maybe they even dabble in philanthropy. They might be our best hope at saving the world, making things better. But no, their quest to be richer or to protect their wealth will always be their priority. They will not dismantle the system that enriches them. If they wanted to dismantle the system, they wouldn't be a billionaire in the first place. Okay, well, this was a beast of a video, pun intended, pun intended. I'm exhausted. And now I wanna say a big thank you to my Patreons. I have a Patreon where I make a bonus video every month, we do a monthly live stream. If you want more casual personal content from me, that is where you can find it. And extra thank yous to my executive producer tier. We have Owo Phase, Abby Hayden, Eric Danielson, Freshly Laundered, Jaki King, Jill Hoffman, Julie Leiva, Kristen Holliman, Matthew Gray, Megan Collins, MegKat33, Nicole Luiz, Online DBT Skills, Sarah Kemi, Steven, I almost did it. Stevie May, Tom Walker, Truffa and Vivian Olodun.com. Thank you so very much for being Patreons. And one last thank you to Love and Pies for sponsoring this video. Click the link in the description to download the game if you are interested. That is all, stay tuned for future internet analysis videos. Okay, thanks bye. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @tiffanyferg [489 likes]: MrBeast has commanded my mind for the past three-ish weeks while researching this, so... I'm glad it's finally finished lmao. Hope y'all enjoy!! // Download Love & Pies here: https://pixly.go2cloud.org/SH3fI. Thanks to Love & Pies for sponsoring!
  2. @yeeyeeyeeye [6 likes]: This video aged beautifully
  3. @philosophia5577 [5 likes]: Ahead of time!
  4. @DelonLuuYT95 [4 likes]: Aged perfectly because every video signalling his charity is all staged
  5. @alexi3223 [3 likes]: Saying on camera that you're not worried about the influence you may have on people is not only really bad in terms of it showing how reckless he is and how little he cares about his viewers, it's also really stupid just from a PR point of view.
  6. @crestren5996 [3 likes]: Aged like fine wine
  7. @abigailjoy423 [3 likes]: why does this make me want to go watch a mr beast vid and try to analyze all the ways its trying to reel me in.... I always feel icky thinking about mr beast so I won't but lowk I want to now- great video btw <333
  8. @devinsauls3568 [3 likes]: You were right the entire time and no one believed you! Are you going to make another video on him by any chance in light of recent controversy and allegations against Jimmy? 👀
  9. @bubblesawesome3284 [2 likes]: You called it
  10. @kartgal [2 likes]: Here is 2024? Let’s all toast a glass of fine wine 🍷
  11. @_.mxggxn._ [1 likes]: I’m currently binging your videos, and I don’t really know who Mr Beast is but his face scares me 😆 Also seems like he would make a good cult leader...
  12. @AgentNero9 [1 likes]: did think before you sleep delete his video on you?
  13. @malegazeofficial [1 likes]: 35:41 sounds like constantly taking too much adhd medication ngl
  14. @malegazeofficial [1 likes]: are you gonna do a follow up? :D
  15. @bradleyworth4917 [1 likes]: But Jimmy doesn't own any money. It all belongs to his mummy..... Probably the only time Jimmy has told the truth.
  16. @rishimehta7232 [1 likes]: The day he stops posting about his work people will go onto cry about how he has stopped doing good. People themselves do nothing and rant about a person who is literally doing so much for the wellbeing of the society. Rich people get criticised for not donating enough but when someone is actually donating people go ahead and find an issue even in that.
  17. @vividxfriend [1 likes]: 🍷
  18. @seamonster4554: Peaked in covid.
  19. @lissa4922: Are they in this place? What psych hospital wall padding is that place?
  20. @mik6788: Canadian here. As someone who got LASIK to improve my horrendous vision - it’s crazy to me that it is considered an “elective surgery”.
There’s not even a little bit of coverage, even with insurance. And yes, I guess, it is. Heaven forbid people want to prevent their vision from diminishing early in life🙋‍♀️ I’m not even thirty and my eye sight has been continuously declining since I got glasses as a child. 
Even glasses being as expensive as they are, is ludicrous. It shouldn’t be a privilege to see. 
Also, dental!!!

- Mr Beast is MANIPULATING His Fans: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up welcome to my annual serious video Mr Beast has been in the news a lot lately and not necessarily for the best reasons you see when someone makes a career out of being a generous charitable and selfless person in this video we're hearing a thousand people's blindness yet time and time again aligns themselves with things that are selfish egotistical and callous it begins to call into question all those previous good deeds and that's exactly what's been happening with good old Jimmy lately I have a lot of money but because of all the Goodwill that he's built up along the way it's become very difficult to criticize him without having videos of him giving away millions of dollars shove down your throat in response one million meals to people in need amidst all the criticism that's been levied against him lately I feel like the main point has been completely missed and that's what this video is about yes charity is good yes generosity is good but there are also tools that can be used in a manipulative way in order to create a public Persona that is impervious to criticism and can boost your brand to the very top of the platform that you have always fetishized and obsessed over so I have your hand reaching for it and like be like shocked like you're yeah this is how Mr Beast uses charity to manipulate his fans I have a lot of money so before we get into the videos that have been stirring up controversy lately I want to take a look back at his early days on YouTube these were his days of weird pranks and desperate embarrassing ploys to be seen by as many people as possible shoot at this time early on in his channel he was doing everything in his power to get attention on YouTube and there's nothing wrong with that by the way like posting cringe does not make you a bad person we have all done it I have posted so much cringe online if that's not cringe I don't know what is but it's a theme in Mr BEAST's content that has continued to this day where he just does anything he can to get views without having a really specific Talent that's me but what I'm trying to say is like he's not particularly funny or interesting or insightful I hate when people say that you know um he's not creating anything that feels personal or unique to him Mr BEAST's brand is really just making videos that will get a lot of views and he's obviously very good at it but Mr Beast Jimmy was the kid growing up that everybody would be like groaning about today the kid that like when they're asked what they want to be when they grow up they don't say astronaut or teacher or doctor they say YouTuber tick tocker influencer just social media famous which is a very popular goal but it's also one that everybody groans over because it's like that's not a goal it's not like a writer or artist whose work naturally draws in an audience Fame for the sake of Fame on social media is the type of goal that you can see very clearly in all of Jimmy's content dating all the way back to when he first started spread out the money as much as you can uh no hope no act a little surprised his desire singularly is to get attention on social media and that ties in with my next Point his obsession with YouTubers back before he had that type of Fame Jimmy was kind of known for like I said earlier fetishizing and obsessing over those top YouTubers like look at this video PewDiePie the last 30 days has gotten 327 million views if every thousand views PewDiePie made a dollar and 30 cents like I did PewDiePie would have made 445 000 and while this is just the type of video that I'm sure Jimmy recognized would get a lot of views I do find it interesting that it became a bit of a series for him he obsessed over famous YouTubers in the way that a Swifty obsesses over Queen Tate also in these videos he's specifically talking about how much money they make times that by 12. that's 3.6 million dollars that is a ton of money for playing video games and looking at these it's kind of hard to believe that this guy would become the biggest YouTuber in the world what's up guys Beast toy reviews here and uh today we're reviewing this toy Karambit like do you see what I mean like what I was talking about earlier he is not the draw of these videos he is not the charismatic personality drawing you to watch these he wasn't then and I would argue that to this day he still isn't the only reason his videos performed so well is because of how outlandish the titles and thumbnails are and the fact that he genuinely delivers on them which is great and like you do this you get views he does this he gets views if that's not a bad thing I'm not saying that that's not the point I'm getting ahead of myself these videos where he's breaking down how much money YouTubers make are just like the beginning just a sliver on the log of his obsession with YouTubers a sliver on his log damn this kind of feeling like a video essay right now the year was 2019 and seemingly everyone on the internet was aware of the phenomenon of PewDiePie versus T-Series so funny to be talking about this right now but it was basically what PewDiePie remained the most subscribed to a YouTuber or with the massive media conglomerate overtake him obviously PewDiePie was fighting a losing battle so subscribe to PewDiePie became like an online Internet meme online Internet me one of my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 80 uh T-Series L T Series dub am I back anyways Mr Beast saw an opportunity to leverage his at the time lower tier YouTube Fame into something much bigger by like grabbing onto the attention of the main character on YouTube PewDiePie when PewDiePie asked for nudes you don't send them T-Series so he did multiple videos on the subject knowing that Felix's feral fan base of nine-year-olds would give him the attention that he was craving Mr biggies hey we made that happy thank you very much Mr Beast he advertised for him at the Super Bowl [Applause] he bought billboard billboard he donated ten thousand dollars to him Mr peace God angel thank you very much and in doing all of this Pewdiepie actually acknowledged him multiple times which massively boosted his channel from the outside it seemed like everyone saw all of this as just a smaller YouTuber trying to support his Idol for like the meme even if it cost him money he was being generous for the gag but that's exactly what I'm trying to show in this video his monetary generosity isn't done for selfish reasons to get more money back it's done to get bigger more famous and more beloved which again is totally fine again I don't want to make this video like it's bad to have ambition I just want to illustrate that the criticism that I've been seeing of him I think is wrong and that he's not selfish for monetary reasons he's not spending all of this money on YouTube videos to get that money back especially in the charitable acts which we're about to get into all of these things that Mr Beast does isn't about getting more and more wealth in a luxurious life it's about ego because these stunts he pulled for PewDiePie didn't just get him the attention he craved from Senpai hey it garnered him love from the again feral fan base of PewDiePie's nine-year-olds so now that we've kind of talked about his character and motivations let's get into the heart of this video Mr B kindness content donating ten thousand dollars to PewDiePie was not the first time Mr Beast had done something like that let's go back and look at when he first discovered the giving away large sums of money would be very beneficial to his goals this is not clickbait I am going to give a random homeless guy ten thousand dollars today when he uploaded his first video like this giving a random homeless man ten thousand dollars it became clear just how powerful and relatively easy this type of content was I mean just to give him a little bit more idea of how you live and stuff the sponsor for this video allowed him to go to this random person and give them ten thousand dollars and while yes on the surface that is a good deed but I would not be the first person to criticize The Superficial nature of kindness content I think it's time to have a serious talk about performative charity let's get one thing straight strangers do not want to be in your Tick Tock video some people do not want to be filmed at a low point in their life they want to make sure it's someone helpless and thankful and someone to cry for them it is generous obviously no one is saying to giving money to charity is bad but when filmed and put online it's very clear that the primary goal is to make yourself look like the type of person who would give away ten thousand dollars to somebody in need because that's literally what he's doing in that video so he is that person but not enough consumers of this type of content are cognizant of the twofold nature of it a God's blessing oh but just real quick can you just promise me you won't like buy alcohol or anything bad with it I don't drink the action itself is generous but the filming of the generous action in order to make the Creator look like a generous person should absolutely call into question the Creator's intentions most people get mad and say this is a bad way to get views tell them like you're okay with this are you okay with it oh yeah that's right yes best day of my life right here homeless people don't care if I use them for views it's not just about giving away the money it's also to submit yourself in your viewers eyes as a hero and that is how Mr Beast is viewed by his fans he's this Godlike philanthropist who is immune to criticism because he give away money he give away a lot of money he can't do no wrong he have money give money he good guy no matter what all those people don't care if I use them for views but also kind of not joking like look at these tweets defending Mr Beast like he is their lord and savior now also just to acknowledge it because I can hear the Mr B stands typing away in the comments he also gives away a lot of money off cam but uh we also know about that because he makes sure that we know about it because he knows how the internet works and the kindness content while in the short term is great for your image and getting views without really needing to do anything in the long term you'll be seen as fake and exploiting needy people for views and he knows this most with this So to avoid that he makes sure that it's well known that he doesn't only do it while the camera and if the criticism is only that he's using these charitable acts in order to get more money then that is a great defense because if he wanted to just make a bunch of money he would not do those off-camera things like he was well within his rights to not give away as much money as he does but my point again is that he's not manipulating his fans in order to get more money he is using that to become a god-like figure in these people's eyes the way that he viewed PewDiePie and those other YouTubers hey we made that happy that's the type of attention that he craves and the only way he knows how to get that is by being a generally good person and doing big ass videos and this strategy has worked for him for a very long time he is the biggest YouTuber with the biggest videos doing the biggest things professionally with the brand that he has created but what is his brand like I've been saying he doesn't do anything other than make massive videos his brand is Success his brand is basically Walmart now okay I'm sure that in the comments again his Die Hard fans will argue against that they're gonna argue that he's actually really interesting and funny and talented and handsome and so Kawaii but that's because they're parasocial and consume every piece of content that he creates and they think that he's God so they can't you know view it from an outside perspective because from the outside at large his brand is Big videos big ideas and great execution not a personality that people are tuning in to see and it's hard because that's not a disc like I don't want that to be a disc there's nothing wrong with that and I'm pretty sure that he's aware of his deficiencies in the Charisma Department which is why he's assembled a cast of very charismatic Side characters to populate all of his videos they are the ones that are keeping people engaged throughout these massive videos that he orchestrates but they're the ones keeping viewers engaged he's the Disney of YouTube and that's fine but Disney the corporation is not the good guy that we see in their movies and Mr Beast is not the Flawless savior that we see in his videos tell them like you're okay with this and I'm sure he's a good guy like genuinely I'm sure that he is a very good guy but this video is literally about the reasons why many people online are turned off by his content and feel like there's something sinister about it and I'm just trying to give an explanation as to where that feeling stems from and why it's not about monetary greed like I see all of his critics parroting so now let's fast forward to today and look at why Mr Beast is getting so much backlash right now and the first like kind of widespread cause for skepticism about him is Beast Burger now he went on the tiny making podcast tiny making for life and basically said that he started Mr Beast Burger during kovid as a way to give small family-owned restaurants a way to maintain business by acting as a ghost kitchen for his Burger Company is it cool to own a burger joint so when I first started it this is when covid was at its height so we started a virtual restaurant a lot of restaurants were laying people off and Beast Burger originally why we got into it is it was like a way for restaurants to make extra money so if you're a mom and pop and you know that lockdown so you can't even serve people in your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] restaurant your Revenue just cut cut in half you could just start serving Peace Burger basically anyone can sign up go through a training process get the ingredients shipped to their house and they can become an official Beast burger restaurant and because they're only available through food delivery apps there doesn't need to be a beast Burger brick and mortar location setup by the way if you want to find out more about the end insane world of ghost kitchens check out Eddie burback's video he did a really deep dive into them and it's just really interesting how weird and messed up they are anyways Mr Beast frames this endeavor as some feel-good story about providing for struggling family-owned restaurants it was like a way for restaurants to make extra money because with Mr Beast it always has to have this feel-good element where he's this generous giving God so that he can keep his fans worshiping him and giving him the attention he craves but really this is just an opportunity to have a low investment Nationwide restaurant that doesn't require the oversight and regulations the normal fast food restaurants do and yes there is a pitch for it helping family-owned restaurants but I think that the much more convincing pitch is he's boosting his brand with a low investment opportunity low risk High reward capitalist exploitation but framed in a way that makes him look like a good guy which he is a Pro app your time no pressure and somehow even amidst all these pictures of how disgusting these Beast Burgers have come out he's out here relatively unscathed and not every single location has burgers at that I know but because there's no regulations to the level that other places have it's not uncommon for your Beast Burgers to look like that yet it's still a thriving brand that you can basically get anywhere in the country if you just have a food delivery app but then he got a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for making his squid game in real life video now this one on the surface from the start seems [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up hey guys you know the dystopian game show on Netflix about exploiting Poor People's desperation for money and making it to a massive game show let's do that in real life now one massive caveat he didn't murder anybody and also it went insanely viral it is by far his most viewed video it's got over 300 million views now to have that on a video where Nicki Minaj isn't showing cheek that's crazy but that video boosted him to somehow even greater Heights like that was a massive investment huge set pieces so much time so much effort so much behind the scenes work that went into that and because he executed it so well he became even more well-known and respected worldwide for executing absurd and just insane impossible videos hey uh have you heard of our Lord and savior Mr Beast but ironically at the same time of this massive success his public perception began to be a little bit worse people started to be more and more skeptical of old Jimmy while his brand grew massively people started to see him as an absolute capitalist someone focused only on growth and using people who were in Desperate situations to fuel his massive videos now again people who lack critical thinking skills are about to respond to everything I say with but he gives away million dollars when have you given away million dollars and that is because you lack critical thinking and haven't been listening to what I've been saying he's doing good deeds for desperate people while also shoving a camera in their face so that his millions of viewers can watch as they ball their eyes out and thank him as if he is the second coming of Jesus we're gonna go fix more people's eyesight she's squeezing hard Jimmy then gets to be on camera hug them smile say ah Shucks and then be as humble as he possibly can deflecting all of the praise acting as humbly as he possibly can in his video that he is then sharing to hundreds of millions of people so that they can see just how little he cares about being perceived as a good guy and in doing this making video after video where he uses his face next to suffering people in the thumbnails Every Good Deed that he does has to have Mr Beast branding all over it he has people crying their eyes out to him framing himself as a savior as he then acts humbly deflecting the praise from it and again making sure that he comes across as humbly as possible in the face of all of this unfettered praise and then posting that video knowing that hundreds of millions of people are going to see it and view him as a hero but he's humble and this is all for charity he's giving away so much like have your hands over your face like you're emotional as you can be homeless people don't care if I use them for views have your hand reaching for it and they'll like be like shocked yes he would be so much wealthier if he didn't do so much charity if he didn't do videos where he rescued impoverished and desperate people from their struggles by showering them with money and sharing his wealth he would have more money but that's the point he's not exploiting their pain and manipulating his fans for more money although he's clearly made this business extremely profitable but he's never been the type of guy to Crave physical luxuries he has a desire much more carnal than that it's not about the money for Mr Beast it's about that dream that he's had for so long the dream to be loved as he loved the YouTubers that he fetishized the dream to be bigger than everyone else to be adored and not just viewed as a celebrity but as a celebrity who is famous for being a good person because they're a hero he's not doing these charitable videos as a monetary investment hoping to get a return on his gifts he's doing them as an investment on his public Persona and up until recently it's been working but as Elon musk's number one reply guy continues making bigger and bigger videos and doing nicer and nicer things making sure the world sees him as a better and better person his motivations are becoming more and more clear and the bad vibes that people have had trouble putting into words are starting to become easier to communicate like the fact that he thought to ask his fans to do unpaid labor for nothing in return other than the warm feeling of pleasing their lord and savior Mr Beast I basically just want this video to help people adjust their criticism of him because I think that most people have got it all wrong his charity isn't to manipulate people into giving him more money although he's obviously very wealthy but I think that's a very defensible position that isn't really valid or at least not as valid as the position that he's doing all of this to manipulate his fans into viewing him as a Godlike figure for his Fame his ego and his public perception he wants that loving adoration baby [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby I love you very much please subscribe okay here's the thing with this video normally I post like a reaction type things where I'm like this is a crazy videos but I've been seeing so much about Mr Beast lately and it's like people criticism when he gets bad vibes and I've been like God I don't think that's why so that's why I wanted to like dive into this because I feel like oh it's just a tick that I hadn't seen but I think that it is the right thing and that's and that's really what I want to get across here is that I'm always right and I'm never wrong and I'm infallible and there's absolutely no hypocrisy in this video at all

  Top Comments:
  1. @dysprosiumdead5078 [5700 likes]: ye dooood hes evil for making a fun version of squid game doooooooood im so kul n dip lok a my kirtekel tankin schilz dud
  2. @Ohhaiimpaul [5 likes]: There’s something so…perverse…about exploiting charity for ego and fame, where every kind act has to be documented and curated and shown off to the world for clicks and views.
  3. @SkullOfGears [4 likes]: Funny how I'm back here 2 years after this video came out
  4. @Austin.A.D.702 [4 likes]: People are growing up and are starting to see the dude have I’ve always seen him… as a fucking weirdo. It seems almost psychotic to me to film people doing fucked up shit for money. When he started the squid games, I was like yeah this guy is for sure weird.
  5. @Yusuf1Mrcmk [3 likes]: I knew this years ago. Rich people never do charity for the right reasons. Historic fact
  6. @TransPinkFox [3 likes]: Kai Cenat
  7. @annfenherrington2249 [2 likes]: I literally never liked still don't like Mr Beast and I barley knew anything about him😅
  8. @gnocchidokey [1 likes]: carnal means sexual fyi
  9. @SleightlyCathartic [1 likes]: This video would have been better if you didnt constantly bitch out "...and thats fine."..."...but we all do it..."...."...but who hasnt...".🤦🏽‍♂️. Why wont yall generation just BE UPFRONT and DIRECT. Dont yall say "stand on business"? 🤦🏽‍♂️🤣 stop flip floppin...stop being soft...just SAY he is being fake, using the system etc. Done
  10. @WeiberWithU [1 likes]: When you go to great lengths to use the media to let everyone see him doing good deeds, it's so phony and not genuinely from the heart.
  11. @Gabekhp [1 likes]: "There's absolutely no hypocrisy in this video. aHahaha"   I laughed.
  12. @rae5910 [1 likes]: Truly incredible video that is still great in 2025. 

(Also @ 11:31 ish you might want to clip out the “tmg for life” bit? 😬)
  13. @Amber_aka_Amryjanet [1 likes]: OMG that sounds just like my nephew! He actually reminds me of a little MrBeast it is so annoying! I’m glad someone else called MrBeast out! I’m glad it’s not just me! He’s fake and he looks like a sociopath!
  14. @BlamcoTV: Video looks like it was editied by Mr Beast.
  15. @iaminthegardendancing: He has psychopathic eyes.
  16. @Newest-hoomans: The laugh 😂 18:03
  17. @JohnsEliga: I’m sending this to everyone I know.
  18. @hcr-i4e: You’re really good at this.
  19. @MartinKenny-z8e: I need help.. please stand by my side and let's change my community in PAPUA NEW GUINEA .
From Kimbe, West New Britain Province,
Nakanai District, MOSA Local Level Government,
Ward 5 , Village of
MOSA Laheri.. please help me...
  20. @RondaClarke-l6r: Such a cool idea.

- The Ethics of MrBeast's Charity, According to a Philosopher: Kind: captions Language: en Mr Beast is one of the most popular YouTubers in the world and he recently came under scrutiny for one of his videos in which he paid for cataract surgery for a thousand people one criticism that he received was aimed at his motivations as far as I can tell some people thought that he only did it for the clicks or in other words he did it out of self-interest my question is if what he wants to do is help people why does he have to record their suffering and post it for the world to see in order to do it without the videos to prove he did it would he still do it now there are also a lot of people who defend him here I got two words you should say to Mr Beast thank you a thousand people can see now because of what he did they couldn't see before there's a kid who never saw and now he sees the world are you insane to criticize that what I want to do here is point out that these differing opinions stem from different ethical theories for those who are criticizing his motivations they're echoing Kant okay they don't know it but they're echoing Kant Kant believed that the only thing good without qualification was a good will think about something like intelligence right we generally think it's good but intelligence could be used for evil right in which case intelligence would be bad not so the good will according to Khan a good will could never be used for evil alright so what is it what is a good will Kant says that a good will is a will whose decisions are wholly determined by moral demands so basically a person with a good will does the right thing simply because it's the right thing to do not because it would benefit him not because it would make him happy but simply because it's the right thing to do right so it's about a person's motivations he argues that an action done out of self-interest however praiseworthy it may be has no genuine moral worth okay that's what he says that's a really high standard giving a homeless person some money because it makes you feel good is an action that has no genuine moral worth according to Kant one question to ask yourself is how many of our actions actually meet that standard probably almost none alright so moving on the people defending Mr Beast seem to be utilitarians utilitarians think that the right thing to do is to maximize happiness for the most people okay they look at the consequences of a person's actions not their motivations okay they look at consequences not motivations they look at what Mr Beast did and they're like oh he cured blindness for a thousand people that's a good thing and if it's the case that making these charity videos enables him to fund more charity that utilitarians would be in favor of it because again it's all about the consequences so now that I've clarified that you may think that both things matter right you may think that a person's motivations and the consequences of their actions matter so let's assume that right for the purpose of this video Let's assume that both matter morally speaking what would this combined Theory say Mr Beast ought to do well let's say that he should do something simply because it's the right thing to do and it should maximize happiness right but what does that look like practically like does it mean he doesn't make videos about him giving a charity anymore but Mr Beast has another Channel called Beast philanthropy and the point of that channel is to raise money for charity as far as I can tell every video it's about him giving a charity so he has an entire channel of videos of him giving a charity with the goal of giving the charity it's a feedback loop the more he donates the more videos he makes the more he donates so if both motivations and consequences matter could he stop making those videos what practical advice would you give Mr Beast using this combined moral standard maybe he makes fun videos and just donates his money without documenting it maybe but would he then have less money to donate I don't know if you have any creative ideas for Mr Beast let me know down in the comments alright I'm gonna end it here I hope you learned something interesting and I'll see you all next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Spork2 [2 likes]: I personally am in support of Mr. Beast. His videos are all based on giving to people, and he is not able to do that if he does not make videos in the first place. In fact, the main basis of his videos is just that, so videos out of that scope does not fell like his ‘average video.’ Also, he very well could spend his money on something more materialistic in value, yet he doesn’t do much of that compared to other millionaires. I’m fact, he actively gives his money away.

I find that we are criticizing someone too unnecessarily in a world where everyone else is enacting in the opposite. We don’t complain about the hundreds of millionaires or politicians actively not helping blind people see or deaf people hear, yet we do towards an Internet personality? The existence of Mr. Beast himself proves of the problems that higher class individuals could easily solve around the globe, yet for their own reasons do not. If one man could do it, what would happen from the many?
  2. @julesorjim [2 likes]: I don't totally understand the utilitarian view. Very similar to corporate charity today (where the marketing campaign costs 10x more than the donation). Any suffering produced by the company (increasing income inequality, worker exploitation, pollution) is then justified by the completely unproportionate good they do.

Maybe a bit of a stretch, but I view MrBeast in the same light. Exploiting people in order for more views definitely should not be lauded
  3. @johnp2860 [1 likes]: Great video! Just found your channel and I love it. gonna watch em all
  4. @Distruzi0ne [1 likes]: Thanks for some knowledge. Especially on a topic that is polarized and sensationalized before we even know about it. Im definitely on the utilitarian side of this discussion (net positive over net negative), but understand that you can never really know someones intentions or their foundation for morals.

- Inside MrBeast’s Social Media Dominance: What You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Mr. Beast, the devil, scandal, hypocrisy. Is reality something else? Unfortunately, no. Mr. Beast, the big mistakes and behind the scenes that no one sees. Exploiting poverty for big shows. One of the main criticism for Mr. Beast is that some of his challenges involve exploiting the financial and social status of people. In many of his videos, he gives away large sums of cash or new homes to poor individuals. But are these donations really genuine? Some critics argue that these actions are more of a strategy to attract attention and create exciting content rather than genuinely helping those in need. Does Mr. Be consider that some of these people might just be used as tools to please the audience? Ethical issues regarding team member changes. Several member of Mr. Beat's team like Chris Tyson have made major personal life changes that garnered a lot of media attention and fan reactions. Chris who was once a regular member decided to transition. But these changes sparked a lot of controversy. Many people mocked him and some of Mr. Beat's fan had strong negative reactions. Was Mr. Beats team truly ready to accept such a changes or was this more of a media spectacle to attract attention? Jack Whing from fame to the margins. Jack Wiking, an early and well-known member of the Mr. Beast team suddenly stepped away from the videos. However, the true reason behind this decision remains unclear. Did Jack leave for personal reasons or was it due to issues within the team and work pressures? These questions remains unanswered and the lack of transparency rises suspicious among many fans. Does Mr. Beast truly support his team member or are they merely tools to create content and gain fame. Financial and managerial mistakes of the team. Many of Mr. Beats projects require yield amount of money from giving away large cash prizes to producing expensive videos with celebrities. His spending is considerable, but are all these funds being used properly? Some critics have pointed out financial inefficiencies and argue that Mr. Beat's team sometimes focuses more on the commercial and promotional aspect rather than on truly beneficial projects. Are these actions solely aimed at gaining attention and increasing advertising revenue or do they truly serve to help those in need and have a positive impact on society? Doc Peter role in team management. Doc Pet, a key member of Mr. Pete's team who often stayed behind the scenes is said to have had a major role in the team's financial and managerial decisions. Many reports highlight his involvement in managing financial resources and planning projects. However, some critics believe that Doug and the management team acted in an opex manner on some projects leading to misunderstandings and problems within the team. Excessive focus on appearances and entertainment. One serious criticism of Mr. beast is that many of his challenges are more like entertainment shows designed to be exciting rather than focusing on genuinely helping others. Despite all the giveaways and charity work, some critics believe that the main goal of Mr. Beast action is to grab attention and create wider content to boost his own fake. In the world of YouTube, visual appeal and entertainment have come to outweigh social issues. Once upon a time in the fast-paced and glittering world of the internet, a boy named Jimmy from a small town in America decided to do something big. Not with a sword nor with a crown, but with a camera and a heart full of ideas. He said, "I want to make the biggest videos in history." And he did. He gave away houses, cars, fed thousands, treated the seat, and even gifted a real island to a winner. He quickly became the king of YouTube. Everyone knew him by a simple yet powerful name, Mr. Beast. But behind the cheers, the recording cameras, and the milliondoll changes, a quiet voice was heard. A voice that asked, "Is saving people when it happens in front of a camera really saving them?" One of his former editors whispered, "Here, there is no room for weakness. If you weak, you get crushed. The pressure like a wave will destroy you. Another group said, "He helps people, but why is the camera always on? Why must the crying of a hungry child get 100 million views?" And from the other side, his passionate fans responded, "But if there is no camera, who will help? These videos inspire. These shows change the world. In this duality, Mr. Beast became a symbolic figure. Not an absolute hero nor a real villain, but a man standing between two worlds. The world of charity and the world of views. In the end, one question remained. If you do a good deed, but you put it on display, is it still a good deed or just another scene in an internet show? Thank you so much for watching this video friends. Join us and don't miss the video. Alan is the devil.

- @MrBeast 🤝 @Slackhq: A Dynamic Partnership: Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy will throw some crazy stuff in the Slack channel. Jimmy's going to need $5 million crumpled. >> They actually need spider monkeys and an alligator. >> Where was the last time we got a monkey? >> I'm using that Slack bot just to find that answer quickly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenzo7100 [2 likes]: Hi
  2. @CAAAP593 [2 likes]: I am confused, 9m views, 20 lines, 2 comments
  3. @NuancedNews1 [1 likes]: No sense in trying they want event to go on as long as they can lost too much sleep over it and will be suggesting another software company for our enterprise. Slackbot isn't helpful and appears to make even the obvious of clues obscure.
  4. @Zyphon: The secret* video 🤔


(which also has 9 million views from ads)



*not on the Behind-The-Scenes page
  5. @lukel7770: test
  6. @jeeesy: recruit me, i am up to learn everything from 0

- MrBeast Revealed: The Untold Story of YouTube’s Biggest Sensation: Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy Donaldson widely known as Mr Beast is a prominent American YouTuber entrepreneur and philanthropist whose Larger than Life videos have captured the hearts of millions his rise to fame began in 2012 showcasing gaming and random content but it was his groundbreaking counting to 100,000 video in 2017 that skyrocketed him to internet stardom Mr BEAST's videos are famous for their viral challenges and stunts such as offering extrav cash prizes for completing tasks like standing in a circle or enduring hours of solitary confinement his incredible generosity is highlighted in videos where he surprises people with life-changing amounts of money through his infectious energy and engaging content Mr Beast continues to both Inspire and entertain a global audience of Millions

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoyceDick-x1o [2 likes]: How do I get a hold of MrBeast?
  2. @cpescreativeworld [1 likes]: Have you ever wondered who the real MrBeast is?

- What Happened to These 10 MrBeast Crew Members?: Kind: captions Language: en There are 10 members of Mr. Beast's crew who have either been publicly let go or mysteriously disappeared without explanation. And today we'll be discussing all of them. Starting with Jake the Viking. Jake the Viking has shown that leaving Mr. Beast on good terms is often the best way forward. Jake first appeared on the Mr. Beast channel in June 2018 as Jimmy needed a strong presence for his videos. At that time, much of the content involved physical challenges, making Jake a perfect fit for the team. However, by early 2020, the videos became less focused on physical activities, and Jake started appearing in fewer and fewer episodes. His last appearance was in the $60,000 extreme hideandsek challenge. 2 months later, when someone asked Jake on Tik Tok, "Are you still working with Mr. Beast?" He responded with, "Nah, they fired me." Nine days later, Jake clarified in a now viral video titled Why I left Mr. Beast, explaining why he was let go. >> And it came down to, "My piece no longer fit the puzzle." If that that's that's the best way to put it, >> before sharing that he wanted to leave anyway to pursue content creation on his own terms. >> It was a mutual leaving. I'd already told him multiple times, you know, what I wanted to do was kind of be my own boss, do my own thing. Me and Jimmy did not have any type of falling out, you know, so everything's cool. Mr. Beast still love you, bro. Essentially, Jake was ready to stop being an employee and focus on building his own brand, which is admirable. He didn't want to be known just as the guy in every Mr. Beast video. Best of luck to you, Viking. Jake's amicable departure, combined with his distinctive and recognizable image, has allowed him to thrive even after leaving the team, amassing over a million subscribers on YouTube and more than 2.2 million followers on Tik Tok. [Music] Whatever happened to Tai? He was first introduced when he was picked up on the side of the road for his debut in the world's largest bowl of cereal video. >> You want to come sit in a pool of cereal for 10k? >> 10,000. >> Come on, just get in. >> Just get in. Just get in. >> With comments such as, Ty is such a cool guy, he needs to be in more challenges. He was able to return to the chat. >> And then this is Ty from the serial videos. You guys really liked him. >> Appearing in a total of seven different videos before eventually disappearing. Tai was initially picked up randomly from the side of the street and was never an official member of the Mr. Beast crew. However, according to the wiki, Tai still works for Mr. Beast, primarily behind the scenes. Since then, Tai has become a father and has maintained an Instagram following of over 28,000 along with a Tik Tok following of over 87,000 where he shares music, comedy, and dancing videos. Tyler Conlin is another Mr. Beast crew member who vanished from the videos without any explanation, and his disappearance remains one of the most mysterious. Tyler became the second member of the Mr. Beast crew, making his first appearance on the channel in February 2016, back when Mr. Beast only had 18,000 subscribers. Tyler's last notable appearance was in the video I opened a restaurant that pays you to eat at it, where Jimmy jokingly fired him. Get out of here. He suggested we charge money for the food. >> What? >> Get out of here. Go. >> I don't ever want to hear you guys talk about charging again. >> While this was clearly just a meme for the video, it ended up being Tyler's last official appearance on the Mr. Beast channel. Tyler did make a brief cameo in Last to Leave the Circle Wins $500,000 and also appeared as one of the guards in the Squid Game video. When you combine this with his Instagram, where he's often seen hanging out with the crew, it's clear that Tyler hasn't been fired, but is instead working behind the scenes. Garrett eventually met a similar fate. He was first introduced to the channel in May 2018 after the team cut his car in half, and from then on, he became a semi-regular in Mr. Beast's videos. By mid 2020, Garrett left the channel to help Mr. Beast's brother. However, as Mr. bro started uploading fewer videos. Garrett also began to fade from the internet. According to a reply on his Instagram, Garrett now helps with social media. Although he hasn't posted a Tik Tok or Instagram photo with the Mr. Beast crew in over 2 years, he claims to be studying at the University of Alabama, which is over two states away from Mr. Beast's headquarters in North Carolina. Perhaps Garrett is still working with the crew remotely, but it seems like their relationship simply ran its course and gradually fizzled out. What about Jake? He was another member who used to appear in nearly every Mr. Beast episode before gradually disappearing from the channel. Just a month after being featured in the I filled my brother's house with slime and bought him a new one video, Jake uploaded a video to his personal channel titled Why I Left Mr. Beast, where he explained that he had resigned to pursue stand-up comedy under his own name. >> Doing standup basically full-time now. I found myself kind of, I guess, losing passion for what I was doing. Me and Jimmy actually left on very good terms. I met with Jimmy before I left. He understood where I was coming from. I understood where he was coming from. Sneo first appeared in the I built a working car using only Legos video. However, in a video on his personal channel titled The Most Important Thing I Learned Working for Mr. Beast, he explained that his time with the team was rather short. >> I started working for Mr. Beast 2 years ago. It didn't last long because I got caught up with my ego and this was during a time when I wasn't uploading on YouTube at all. Sneo maintained a level of respect toward Mr. Beast even after leaving the team. In 2018, Flight YT uploaded a video titled, "My experience editing for Mr. Beast, worst week of my life," where he recklessly accused Mr. Beast of faking content. He then made the odd claim that Mr. Beast didn't even appear in the videos. >> You make a YouTube video for your channel. You should, you know, you you we'll we'll go film your video without you. That No, that's cool. Yeah. The claims were so absurd that Mr. Beast himself addressed them on Twitter, saying, "If you think I'm faking my videos, ask the streamer to whom I gave hundreds of thousands of dollars when they received it." Or ask anyone who got a share of the $500,000 I gave away this year. You won't find a single person who says they didn't get their money. Following these tweets, Mr. Beast appeared on Drama Alert to explain the situation from his point of view. I paid for his plane ticket, his Uber, his hotel for a week, his Uber, and his plane ticket, which he made a 25minute quote unquote exposing video on me, but doesn't mention that I spent thousands of dollars getting him here. Paid him $750 for like 5 days worth of work, which is really good pay. He has all these issues, quote unquote, but he doesn't say any of them to me while he's here. He doesn't talk to me while he's here. He just bundles it all up so he can make this 25minute video and blow everything out of proportion when he gets home. >> Before going on to absolutely destroy the claims that his videos were fake, >> his videos aren't fake. Like I counted to 100,000. I watch Dance to Your Dead for, you know, whatever. I give streamers $30,000. It's just slander from his part. I have Crohn's disease. Most of you don't know what it is. It was really acting up. So I said, "Hey, you guys go film the rest of the video. I want to go nap. I got to take it easy." Now he's making an exposed video like, "Oh, Mr. Beast doesn't film his own videos." Like, what are you going on about, man? You're trying to pin the fact that I have an illness on me. I'm like, I'm not public about this type of stuff. >> This prompted another former employee to speak out, saying, "As someone who is friends with both Mr. Beast and Fly. It's my unbiased opinion that Fly is in the wrong. Unlike Matt Turner, Fly has gone on to have a relatively successful career, building a channel with over 442,000 subscribers. Matt Turner had one of the more controversial departures from his time working with Mr. Beast. He was hired as an editor in 2018, but just 5 months later, Matt uploaded a video to his personal channel titled Why I Quit Working for Mr. Beast, explaining that he was no longer part of the team. Despite leaving, Matt went on to praise Mr. Beast, expressing how much he enjoyed the job. >> Dream job for so long. Going to work was a blast each and every day. Mr. Beast paid for my rent every month when I lived in North Carolina. Me and Mr. Beast I still consider friends. Never got in any fights. No one did anything wrong in this situation. If you're watching this, Mr. Beast, I love you, bro. >> However, despite ending his message by saying he loved working for Mr. Beast. Approximately a year and 2 months later, Matt Turner took to Twitter to express a different side of his experience. He stated, "I'm not going to make a video about my time editing for Mr. Beast." But I will say it was the most mentally draining time of my life. I was yelled at, bullied, and called replaceable by Mr. Beast every day, being in tears, and having daily mental breakdowns was hard, and eventually it became too much. After every editing mistake, I was made to feel like an absolute idiot. That was my daily experience on the team, and that's why I no longer work there. While Matt may have expected his call out to gain respect and sympathy, the opposite occurred with many instead defending Mr. Beast. I think people are jumping to conclusions with this Mr. Beast stuff. If this editor really, really was harassed, like that, wouldn't he have spoken up sooner? He's one of the most famous YouTubers, so it would have been easier to start accusing him. I think the bullying is just overexaggerated. So, basically, Mr. Beast editor is a kid who hasn't experienced the real working world. So, throws a tantrum and starts slamming Mr. Beast with unsupported allegations the moment it gets tough. kids these days. >> I just find it very strange that he's coming out saying all this negative stuff about Mr. Be's when a year ago when he actually left, he uploaded a video saying it was the greatest time of his life. I talked to one of his employees and he seemed like he loved working for him and Mr. Beast seemed like a really cool, genuine guy. >> Things became even worse for Matt after Mr. Beast had a phone call with Case >> and what Mr. Beast told me it's basically like when they fired him or whatever, they gave him $10,000 and they got him a job at >> and shortly there after Matt deleted the tweets and was even brave enough to claim that his Twitter had been hacked despite basically being laughed off the internet. Matt Turner continues to upload van life videos, one of which including a pretty weak apology to Mr. Beast. >> If anyone was offended by me saying that that wasn't the best experience, well then I do a >> The whole order being summarized by YouTuber prison mate Luke. What did you gain from it? Really? A little bit of clout from the beginning. You destroyed any chance of you having an actual YouTube career? And all of those views went away immediately and now you're just forever tainted with the fact that you're just the guy that lied about Mr. Some people have left Mr. Beast's crew on bad terms, but Marcus Pearson arguably had the most controversial firing in Mr. Beast history. Pearson's Mr. Beast journey began in 2019, but it ended less than a year later. In early 2020, fans stopped seeing Pearson in Mr. Beast's videos, and by the end of the year, he was officially no longer part of the channel. We still don't exactly know why Pearson was fired. The timing suggests that the CO pandemic, which massively slowed down Mr. Beast's production, had something to do with it. The internet has also spread rumors that Pearson's firing had something to do with a drug problem, but those rumors seem to be based solely on Pearson's reaction to being let go. So I got to destroy you, bro. So I'm going destroy you, bro. I'mma destroy you eternally for a long ass time. Just you going to feel this. You going to feel this tomorrow, the next day, and the next day. You ain't going to forget about this one. >> Marcus would take to Instagram and post a 15-minute story in which he'd make some absolutely delusional claims such as >> he started this pandemic for a reason. I was born a leader and he was born a follower. He was stealing sauce. I was borrowing sauce and paying homage. You feel me? >> before going on a state that he thought Mr. Beast was a broken person for firing him. >> The only conclusion that I can make is that he's broken somewhere else. That's the only conclusion that I can come. >> The rant is a bit scattered, but in it, Pearson takes issue with the way Mr. Beast fired him and threatens to expose some kind of wrongdoing involving Mr. Beast. People didn't take Pearson's rant too seriously, in part because of a segment where he seems to imply that Mr. Beast created the pandemic. Clearly Pearson was emotional while filming the video, but after that he basically dropped off the internet and has hardly been seen since. As we've seen, quite a handful of crew members have left the Mr. Beast team over the years, but none of them have done so quite as publicly and dramatically as Eva Chris Tyson. Mr. Beast and Chris had been friends for years, and Tyson was a part of the Mr. Beast crew from the very beginning. Then in July 2024, disturbing allegations about Tyson started circulating online and everything fell apart. Controversy came to light when a small YouTuber called Adrox posted a video titled, "This video will make you hate Chris Tyson." Adrox talked about Chris's involvement with the controversial artist Shadman, which alone is a massive red flag. For those who don't know, Shadman is one of the most infamous artists on the internet. He primarily draws NSFW artwork depicting L characters, which is an archetype defined as a young or younook girl character in Japanese anime or manga. At one point, he even posted corn depicting his own mother. But that's not even close to the most disturbing things he's done. In 2016, he even created drawing of Keemstar's daughter, who was just 7 years old at the time. But simply Shadman is one of the biggest degenerates on the internet, and Chris was apparently a big fan of him. She'd often reply to Shadman's tweets, like when he posted a picture of an anime character. Chris replied to it by saying, "Please, Shad, please." implying that she wants Shadman to draw NSFW artwork of this character. At one point, Chris even accidentally opened Shadman's website while streaming to an audience of mostly children. What makes Chris's appreciation for Shadman's twisted artwork even more clear is that she even purchased one of his drawings, even though it's clearly depicting a character that resembles an UN girl. Chris even proudly mentioned that she has this Shadman drawing hung in her living room. In one video shot at Chris's apartment, you can see Jimmy himself in the background where Shad's art is on the wall. There's this one particularly gross tweet where Chris says, "Nothing gets my knob cranking like some lolli. It's very clear that Chris Tyson was a big fan of Shadman. Eva Tyson has been accused of messaging and maintaining an inappropriate relationship with an underage fan of Mr. Beast. Tyson began messaging the fan who goes by Lava GS on Discord when Lava was just 14 years old. Lava is a small creator and video editor who was a fan of Mr. Beast before he blew up apparently being among the first 500 people to subscribe to his channel. Lava managed to appear in a video titled I made a 100 players escape an impossible maze. >> Lava Pluto assemble. >> Prior to this, he won a Mr. Beast giveaway and was sent a CSGO knife signed by him. And amidst the many interactions he had with Mr. Beast and the crew, Chris reached out to him and they started communicating online, Prism showed Chris offering Lava a position as a stream moderator and calling him dad Juy supposing it with the fact that Chris was 20 and Lava was 14. Eventually, Chris sent him a snap that says coming for America along with Lava saying that he is a different man off camera. Lava released a shocking statement that surprised everyone on July 22nd. Lava referred to the countless videos YouTubers were posting on this subject and had this to say. These videos are massive lies and twisting the truth and Ava never did anything wrong and just made a few edgy jokes. I was never exploited or taken advantage of him. Then asked the viewers to spread his word and asked these YouTubers to quote, "Stop spreading the lies." He also posted a to his tweet doubling down on this original statement. I'm not a victim and I'm not backpedaling any statements I've already made. Everything I've stated is still very true. Nothing bad happened between me and Chris. People are creating lies around my name. This was quite the shocker since no one was expecting Lava to come out and defend Chris instead of exposing more of her depravities. This statement also created a moral conundrum for people who wanted to make Chris pay for what she did to Lava. But if Lava doesn't even see herself as a victim, what right do internet strangers have to tell him? Otherwise, that said, there is a potential answer to this moral uncertainty that is perfectly summed up by a reply to Lava's statement, which reads, "You were a child and he was a grown man messaging you privately and being very inappropriate with you. You may not see yourself as a victim, but in a society where children should be protected, it has failed. You and he, as a grown man, should have realized your age and not engage at all." He had nothing in common with a child when he was pushing 30. It's weird. Penguin Zero also had a very similar take to this reply while covering the story. >> And I'm not trying to be some kind of armchair psychologist cuz I'm just at the end of the day a little reptile brain idiot, but I really do feel like in a situation like this, it's very difficult to process just how inappropriate or unacceptable something was when you lived it. But in reality, no child should have this kind of relationship with an adult where you're joking about sending to a minor or making edgy jokes about coming for America. So, while the person here might not feel like a victim, it really is completely unacceptable that Ava Tyson would be communicating with them like this. >> On July 23rd, Ava Chris Tyson apologized. I would like to apologize for any of my past behavior or comments if I hurt or offended anyone. It was not my intent seeing recent events. We mutually decided it's best that I permanently step away from all things Mr. Beast in social media to focus on my family and mental health. I want to add I never groomed anyone. The person who gets brought up in these accusations at Lava GS has vocally supported that they are false. Having said that, I humbly apologize to anyone I have hurt with my unacceptable social media posts, past actions, and to those who may feel betrayed by how I used to act online. To lump these two factors together to create a narrative that my behavior extended beyond bad, edgy jokes is disgusting in and did not happen. In past years, I have learned that my old humor is not acceptable. I cannot change who I was, but I can continue to work on myself. I don't want these accusations to impact the hundreds of people who work at Mr. Beast, which is why I have stepped away. On July 24th, 2024, Mr. Beast put out a statement. I've become aware of the very serious allegations of Ava Tyson's behavior online, and I am disgusted and opposed to such unacceptable acts during that time. I've been focused on hiring an independent third party to conduct a thorough investigation to ensure I have all the facts that said I've seen enough online and taken immediate action to remove Ava from the company, my channel, and any association with Mr. Beast. You'd think that Jimmy stepping in and not only addressing the situation, but announcing that he'd have a third party investigated, will put an end to this dark chapter. Ultimately, if the public debacle had ended right there, whatever findings came from the investigation would probably stay private, and that just didn't sit well with the people who wanted the full story of Chris Tyson. Jake the Viking, who used to be a core member of the Mr. Beast crew, dropped this bombshell, claiming that Jimmy knew, referring to the allegations against Chris. If this were to be true, it would mean that Jimmy not only hid the vile actions of his close friend, but also allowed her to keep working on the Mr. Beast channel where she'd have access to all of the fans, many of whom are under. He also came out with a longer statement talking about the lack of energy from other creators. This is why all of your favorite creators are fake and have no backbone. Doc gets accused of talking inappropriately to a with no evidence. Everyone attacks him and runs his name through the mud. He loses sponsors, partners, everything before a drop of proof is presented. Chris has actual proof, screenshots, recordings, both audio and video, a confession from a victim, and everyone who jumped dock ising silent. Where's the energy? Where's the outro? Everyone who hasn't said a word should be ashamed. You're soft and pathetic. Grow a pair. In the meantime, another former Mr. Beast employee also posted a video stating that Mr. Beast was aware of Chris's behavior. He also claimed that everything that's come out till this point is only the tip of the iceberg. >> My name is Dawson. I worked at Mr. Beast from February to May of this year, 2024. Chris is this the tip of the iceberg. And when Jake the Viking says Mr. Beast knew, yeah, Mr. Beast knew. Um, I heard many times that Ava Chris Tyson is a major liability, but they can't get rid of her because she's already threatened legal action and she knows too much. And when all this information comes out about everything that she knew, everything other people know, I promise you on everything Mr. Beast has done. Amazon, if you can get your money back, get your money back. >> However, despite all of these theories and speculation, both Chris and Jimmy were completely silent on the matter. That is until Chris came out with a statement that surprised everyone. The thing is, Chris is no stranger to controversies, the biggest of which was over a year ago when she came out as transgender. This immediately sparked tons of drama with people calling her everything from a bad parent to unloy to her ex-wife. And Jimmy himself defended his friend as stating, "Yeah, this is absurd. Chris isn't my nightmare. He's mying friend and things are fine. All this transphobia is starting to piss me off." So, everyone is expecting Chris to stand her ground and present some kind of counterargument, but that is not what happened at all. On July 24th, Chris posted her statement on Twitter, completely backing out with any fight. I would like to apologize for any of my past behavioral comments if it hurt or offended anyone. It was not my intent. Seeing recent events, we've mutually decided it's best I permanently step away from all things Mr. Beast and social media to focus on my family and mental health. However, while she apologized, she still stayed adamant that she is not a group. I want to add, I never agreed anyone. The person who gets brought up these accusations at are false and equated her actions to be nothing more than edgy jokes. To lump these two factors together to create a narrative that my behavior extended beyond bad edgy jokes is disgusting and did not happen. In past years, I've learned that my old humor is not acceptable. I cannot change who I was, but I continue to work on myself.

- MrBeast Reveals His Daily Schedule Is Planned "Down To The Minute": Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy B's Donaldson has built the biggest channel on YouTube, but maintaining that massive digital empire requires an absolutely punishing daily routine. A brand new documentary exploring his extreme work ethic recently revealed that the creator's daily schedule is quite literally planned down to the exact minute. During the chaotic production of Amazon's upcoming Beast Games, Donaldson admitted that working anything less than 15 hours was considered a rare luxury with many of his days stretching to a brutal 20 hours. To squeeze every possible drop of efficiency out of his limited schedule, his production team goes to insane lengths. The documentary highlighted how Mr. Beast employs full-time stand-ins who work standard 9-to-5 shifts strictly as thumbnail stunt doubles. These employees meticulously rehearse dynamic poses, lighting, and camera framing on a physical grid system so the final shot is perfectly ready the second Donaldson actually walks onto the set. Constantly bouncing between shooting high-budget Amazon segments and recording massive challenges for his main channel, his microscopic time management leaves absolutely zero room for downtime. While the relentless grind sounds completely exhausting, this aggressive level of optimization is exactly how Mr. Beast continues to dominate the internet.

- The Satisfying End Of MrBeast's Crew..: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast just got exposed by his original YouTube crew as multiple of his ex employees have called him out for heinous things he's done behind the scenes and terrible conditions he puts them through on a frequent basis. Surprisingly, this goes all the way back to when Mr. Beast originally started blowing up on the platform, as numerous well-known characters in his content would make videos explaining their departure from the team, later describing some crucial details that nearly destroyed Mr. Beast's reputation multiple times in a row. And recently, things have only continued to get worse. As Mr. Beast would get sued for sexual harassment by an ex employee for some of the most disgusting reasons possible, reasons that he can barely speak on due to the amount of damage it could inflict on his reputation. In the early days, Jake the Viking was a very integral character in the content, which made it extremely strange when he would step away from the Mr. Beast team in early 2020, posting a video that would gain over 18 million views, only showing how popular of a member he was in the group. And what he said at first didn't make it seem like him leaving was anything too serious. All right. What's up everybody? Welcome back to the channel. You saw the title, you know what it's about. Here we go. We're just going to dive straight into it. So, as you may have noticed, you probably, if you're a Mr. Beast fan, you probably have noticed I have not been in the videos as of late. my piece no longer fit the puzzle, if that that's that's the best way to put it. Um, I had I had I had shown up, you know, I had done everything I was asked to do. I did it to the best of my ability. Um, I helped the channel grow. When I joined, it was at 4 million and when I left, I think we had just passed 30 million. But it was it was a mutual leaving. Um, I had already shown I had already told him multiple times, you know, what I wanted to do was kind of be my own boss, do my own thing. Um, you know, I like I like streaming. I like being able to get in front of, you know, get in front of the camera and entertain people through playing video games or whatever it is. I wanted to be able to make my own videos. You know, I wanted the opportunity to travel and to go places. You know, me and Mr. Beast or I'm me and Jimmy did not have any type of falling out. There was no argument. There was no bashing. There was none of that. Um, it was it was very mutual because it was something I was already contemplating, you know, not if but when this was going to happen and it kind of got sped up. >> And he would emphasize it once again that there was absolutely nothing wrong with him or Mr. Beast and that they were still on good terms even after he left the team. There's no hard feelings anywhere. And the fact that I was able to be a part of one of the best YouTube channels in the in the world, you know, and learn from one of the best and be a part of the best, you know, and kind of put that on my resume and kind of check it off is amazing. Now, now it's time I want to move on. I want to I want to start my own brand. I want to start my own thing. I want to do my own thing, you know, and I just I really want to just push and you to kind of be my own person, my own thing, my own brand, you know. I really want to do all that. I have parted ways with Mr. Beast and the Mr. Beast channel. It's now time for Jake the Viking takeover. Now, unfortunately, Jake seemed to have the best falling out with Mr. Beast compared to everyone else that followed him. In this original video, all he would really do is speak positively of his experience on the Mr. Beast team. At this time, it seemed like Mr. Beast was an extremely good guy to work with in the content world. Based on what Jake said, it seemed like he was very respectful and overall a great person to work with. However, Jake's perception of Mr. Beast would seemingly begin to change shortly after all of this happened. As live on stream, he would make numerous comments that hinted at the fact that Mr. Beast wasn't the same person that even he described him as in this original video. >> Mr. Be's nice off camera. I assume you guys just always wondered or thought I would ask. P Green, I'll be real with you. I ain't answering that on stream. >> Now, again, this is a major contradiction to what he said in his original video. Going from saying that him and Mr. Beast had no bad blood and all of these positive things about him to then going on to on stream implying that he's not a nice person off camera seemed a little bit like he was just doing all of this to try and start controversy for clout or that him and Mr. Beast actually had a problem this entire time that he just wasn't telling anyone. And that's something that a lot of other Mr. Beast employees would seemingly have as well. as after Jake would make numerous comments about him leaving and spark a ton of controversy all over the internet. Tons of other ex-mr employees would do the same thing. Multiple of them also talking very highly about Mr. Beast at the start and then going on to make full exposed videos about the terrible conditions that Mr. Beast put them through. One of these people went by the name of Sore Turner. He would make an entire now deleted video titled Why I Quit Working for Mr. Beast where he would talk about his very positive experience working for the team. Mr. paid for my rent every month when I lived in North Carolina. And he said, "All right, you can live here as long as you want. You can literally stay in this like pretty expensive apartment just until you feel comfortable leaving. Don't feel like you're in a rush. Stay as long as you want. Stay for months if you want to. It doesn't matter to us." They're still paying me right now. I'm still technically working. I'm not going to give like any numbers or anything. They said, "We're we're still going to pay you for a while." And that is basically funding my trip to backpack across Asia. He's saying, "You don't have to work for me, but I'll still pay you." And because of that, I hope that lets you live in LA, go to college, backpack Asia, whatever you want to do after this, I want to set you up for that. And the job is still an amazing job. If you have the opportunity to get this job that I had, um, totally take it. It's a lot of fun. It was basically just like a friendship and going to work was a blast each and every day. Now, strangely enough, after all of this happened, Turner would make a major tweet essentially exposing Mr. Beast and contradicting everything he said in his original video. I'm not going to make a video about my time editing for Mr. Beast, but I will say that it was the most mentally draining time of my life. I was yelled at, bullied, called mentally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and replaceable by Mr. Beast every day. Being in tears and having mental breakdowns day after day is difficult, and after a while became too much. After every editing mistake I made, I was made to feel like an absolute idiot, even if the content wasn't real. No credit was given unless a video I edited got credited to someone else. Editors were also told if they were ever to leave the team, we shouldn't be set up for success after. So, no credit will be given. Ideas will be taken, people will be baited into the team, and I would be screamed at and then told I just misinterpreted what I heard by his impossible to please manager. We were forced to resign NDAs and then told that these were our glory days. That's what it's like to work for Mr. Beast and that's why I don't work there now. Thanks for tuning in. Now, despite all of these crazy accusations made against Mr. Reese and his entire team, he would continue to deny it and act like none of it ever happened at all. Which I mean, to be fair, we have absolutely no idea if he did or didn't do any of this. But knowing what we know about Mr. Beast now, it honestly doesn't seem out of the realm of possibilities. And even though Turner originally said that he wasn't going to make a video on this situation, Mr. Beast's lack of accountability for his actions would ultimately lead him to post another now deleted video on his YouTube channel. All I've seen is people praise Mr. Beast. Whether that be just people around me, people online, everyone's like, "This is the best guy on the planet." And while he is definitely a good guy, I'm not going to take anything away from his charitable efforts that he's done. It does get annoying when the person that everyone knows as a saint, you know, as someone who is the complete opposite. Now, I want you guys to keep in mind, just like actors, Mr. Beast and Jimmy Donaldelson are two different people. This is basically just a compilation of all the videos Mr. beast made thus far on his channel of him giving away money adding up to him hitting $500,000 like I want you to get every time I've ever given away money added up in the corner and it should equal $500,000. I was like this isn't going to work because you clickbait. He'd be like no I swear I did the math. I was like all right man for sure. 8 hours passes by. I finish editing the video and instead of the $500,000 he wants it to hit. It's maybe $410,000. And I'm like, Jimmy, clickbait is a thing you need to take into consideration. It came to a point where he's like, you know what? Just start over, man. Deletes the project file. Is like, start from scratch. Even if you delete the project file and make me restart and make me recut up all these clips. I can't make this equal $500,000. I am going insane. I don't know how you want me to do this. By day like five, when he comes in and does basically the same thing and just scraps my whole video and asks me to do it again, I'm like, dude, let me take a walk, man. I specifically walked to a good friend who worked there at the Times office about 30 seconds away and I'm like, "Dude, I don't know what to do right now. I can't edit this video for like another day. He wants me to come in on the weekend and do the same thing. I'm literally going to go crazy." And that's when Jimmy hears me talking about how aggravated I'm getting with the situation and apparently like talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behind his back, which I really wasn't. I just wanted like help. comes in the room and he goes, "You absolute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get back in that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room or I swear to God, Turner." Jesus Christ. How many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] times do I have to tell you how to edit this video? What are you a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Now? Again, it is really strange how all of these people who were exposing Mr. Beast were bunch of the people who were speaking very highly about him. And even though what they're saying could have been very, very true, it also really does seem like they're just doing all of this for clout. Let's be honest, in the moment whenever they originally left Mr. Beast, they could have been on very good terms with him and everything like that. He was still paying them. They were able to make a viral video titled something along the lines of why I quit Mr. Beast and stuff like that. But whenever all of that began to dry up and Mr. Beast would stop talking to them because, well, they don't work for him anymore. They would decide to make an exposed video, well, for obvious reasons. Keep in mind, I'm not really trying to necessarily defend Mr. Beast. I'm just trying to stay unbiased and give him the benefit of the doubt as well, especially considering quite literally the biggest expose against Mr. Beast we've ever seen. I'm sure most of you guys remember the Dogpack 404 situation. Dogpack 404 was a guy who posted an entire movieike production exposing Mr. Beast for a ton of different reasons. Everything from rigged challenges in fake footage to a toxic and unsafe work environment and even exploitation of minors. all extremely daming allegations that no matter the size of your YouTube channel or business in general can absolutely shatter everything. Now, even though for a while a lot of people believe the things Dogpack said in these videos, it was later found out that in the third part that he was about to post, a lot of the information in it was actually fake, essentially destroying all of Dogpack's credibility and making a lot of people completely switch sides on the situation. because that misinformation that he was going to post in that video takes away all the credibility for even his past parts. Despite that though, one interview that Dogpack did in one of his previous parts actually was very insightful in this situation. This interview was of a guy named Jake Wedle, who was another past Mr. Beast employee that had by far the most disturbing story out of all of them. >> There was one video I was in I got I got paid a lot for it, but it didn't uh it didn't come out. It it didn't it didn't come out cuz it didn't go well. It was the uh like surviving like $10,000 every day you survived solitary or surviving solitary for whatever. It got a lot of media attention because everyone saw the premise and thought, "What? You shouldn't do that." People don't know that was the second attempt. The first attempt was on me and it it didn't go well. They weren't they weren't turning the lights off, you know. I asked them I they said, "Can we like have like nighttime hours?" And they said, "No, because it would [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the timelapse shots." The time-lapse of what? Me sleeping or me not sleeping? Okay. I got no access to sun. I got no access to clock. The the the lights are on me all the time. I wasn't sleeping. I I could not sleep. And I I have insomnia problems now. They might have started there. I had a lot of good people looking out for me saying this this we got to stop. I just wanted to turn the lights off. And I'm I'm vocalizing to people. I wish the light would turn off. And I go up to my friend, my my my good friend, and I go I go I I go, "They're not turning the lights off." He goes, "What? That's a war crime. We're not allowed to do that to terrorists." Oh. Oh, good. 24 hours breaking the Geneva Convention, I guess, is what we're doing. And he goes, "Ask me why I have two briefcases." And I'm like, "Why do you why do you have two briefcases?" And he goes, "Oh, cuz this this one's for today, you know, and this one's for the challenge." And I go, "It's the challenge today." He goes, "You're going to you're going to run a marathon. You're going to do two 22.6k, whatever it is, and you're going to do it on that treadmill over there." People who run marathons train forever, and it's still hard. Rider, do I look like I run? I don't run, let alone a marathon. Did you try to say no? Like did you have a choice or >> there was so much pressure to just do it? Just do the thing. You know, you get up. I want the cash and so I start running at 12:00. I was able to take some breaks and I asked, "How long do I have?" He goes, "Until I get back and I'm running until 3:00 a.m. I got off the treadmill." The blisters I had on my feet were like, you wouldn't believe, just all over. Just these big red I couldn't I couldn't walk. my my my muscles were like just the lactic acid. I I I got off the treadmill and then the people came in to like ice my feet, you know, make sure I was good. Then that's when I was like, I'm done. I can't I'm done. I'm done. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. Now, I'm going to be honest. I do genuinely believe that Jake Wed went through a lot in that video. Of course, assuming that everything he said is absolutely true. However, nowadays in the internet, it's extremely difficult to believe anyone. Because in the clout-driven culture we live in, people will easily spread lies on anyone's name just to simply make a quick buck. Especially since we have little to no proof that what Jake Wed's saying is actually true. All we have is his word and that's essentially it. Which is something that can't be said about Ava Chris Tyson. At this point, I'm sure you're all well aware of the entire Ava Chris Tyson situation. Or if you don't know what happened, you at least know the name Ava Chris Tyson. But she was essentially a major figure in the Mr. Beast channel ever since the very beginning. Even described by Mr. Beast himself as the very first subscriber to his channel. And well, in July of 2024, numerous allegations will be put against Ava, alleging that she was talking inappropriately to underage fans for numerous years while she was working on the Mr. Beast channel, leading to one of the biggest controversies in YouTube history and thousands of videos being made about the situation. And due to the absolutely insane amount of public and private proof, Ava Chris Tyson was quite literally undefendable on the internet. There are tons of screenshots to showcase exactly what was being said to someone who was between 13 and 14 years old at the time. And it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gross. It's completely unacceptable. Some of them were just public tweets right under everyone's nose. So Ava Tyson was an adult at this point. Lava was a child. And saying things like, "I posted some fire for you. Please no share." And then other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like but not $5 pathetic JK kissy face. They seem to communicate a lot even sending Snapchats. So here's one that says coming for America. And then goes on to talk about being in a group chat and everything. And I've seen a lot of people try and cope and deflect saying like oh it's just edgy jokes. People are blowing this out of proportion. What a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nonsense. That's a that's a load of hoie. That's dirty barnacles. That's ridiculous. Under no circumstances should an adult be communicating with a child in any inappropriate manner whatsoever. Edgy jokes between an adult and a child are stilling gross. That's not like the slam dunk defense that some people seem to think it is. And also, Ava was allegedly buying, viewing, and supporting an artist on the internet named Shadman, who's known for making art of underage kids in very disgusting and suggestive ways. Shadman was an artist who drew child. One of the most infamous cases was when he drew Keemstar's eight-year-old daughter in a pornographic setting. Ava Tyson has publicly tweeted about Loi. And in particular, there are tweets of Ava Tyson talking either to or about Shadman. A lot a lot of the tweets are gone now because the Twitter account has been nuked, but there are archives of a lot of them. And one thing that still persists and and one thing that a lot of people have been showing is that Ava Tyson may have actually commissioned a piece from Shadman or at the very least purchased a piece from Shadman. There's a clip from a Mr. Beast video where there is Shadman art hanging on the wall belonging to Ava Tyson. I censored the close-up of the art for obvious reasons, but this is something that is irrefutable. The only question about Ava Tyson and Chad Man's connection is whether or not a piece was commissioned or purchased. But at the very least, a piece was owned by Ava Tyson. Now, during this time, many people began to wonder, did Mr. Beast himself know about the behavior that his friend Chris was doing? And more importantly, was he going to remove Chris from the group and everything like that? Well, Ava would make a tweet shortly after this, surprisingly not taking any accountability for her actions. I would like to apologize for my past behavior or comments if I hurt or offended anyone. It was not my intent. Seeing recent events, we mutually decided it's best I permanently step away from all things Mr. Beast in social media to focus on my family and mental health. Now, many people thought this was extremely strange because Ava was essentially just apologizing to anyone that she's hurt, but also not really admitting that she did anything wrong. I want to add, I never groomed anyone. The person who gets brought up in these accusations, Lava GS, has vocally supported that they are false. Having said that, I humbly apologize to anyone I've hurt for my unacceptable social media posts, past actions, and those who may feel betrayed on how I used to act online. To lump these two factors together to create a narrative that my behavior extended beyond bad, edgy jokes is disgusting and did not happen. In past years, I've learned that my old humor is not acceptable. I cannot change who I was, but I can continue to work on myself. I don't want these accusations to impact the hundreds of people who work at Mr. Beast, which is why I have stepped away. Now, again, this was received by a ton of negativity all over the internet. As with all of the proof we had about Ava Chris Tyson being an absolutely disgusting person, there was nothing that anyone could do to change the opinions of the public. So, obviously, Mr. Beast would make his own response to the situation as well, saying that he was the one who kicked Ava Chris Tyson off the team and that he does not condone or support any of the inappropriate actions that Ava Chris Tyson did in the past. To be honest, this is probably the best response Mr. Beast could have made for his PR. Obviously, this is not what the general public wanted. They probably wanted a video response or something way crazier. But for Mr. Beast's own career and reputation, this is probably the best movie possibly could have made. And after this point, he would go on doing things as usual, as if nothing ever happened. Later dropping one more tweet on the legal investigation he was doing on Ava Chris Tyson to prove that throughout this entire time he had absolutely no idea what was going on between Ava and anything she was doing, where we really don't know where Ava Chris Tyson is, where this investigation went, if Mr. Beast actually knew about Ava this entire time. All we can really do is make assumptions on the situation. I personally believe that there was absolutely no way Mr. beast didn't know about all of these disgusting things that Chris Tyson was doing, but obviously that was his friend and someone who supported him since the very beginning of his YouTube channel. So, he was trying his best not to cut that person off. And with that, the final thing I need to touch on in this video is Mr. Beast recently getting sued by an ex employee for even more serious things that have threatened his entire career, which has gotten so big that even news stations are starting to pick it up. >> Mr. Beast companies are facing a legal challenge of their own. Just as Jimmy Donaldson himself took the stage at the time 100 summit as one of the world's most influential people. Former employee Lorraine Mavermatis filing a federal lawsuit in North Carolina claiming she faced discrimination, retaliation, was required to work while on maternity leave and was terminated within a few weeks of returning to the job. Told she was too high caliber for the position. NBC News spoke with Maveratis today in a broadcast exclusive. >> I do not want to be silenced anymore. I really want to use my voice. In the complaint, she alleges that she rose quickly inside the company after starting in 2022. But after raising concerns about sexual harassment, was demoted and transferred into what the lawsuit calls a division where quote careers go to die. Mr. B spokeswoman responding to NBC News saying Maveratis' position was eliminated as part of a restructuring, adding in a statement, quote, "This cloutchasing complaint is built on deliberate misrepresentations and categorically false statements, and we have the receipts to prove it. There is extensive evidence, including Slack and WhatsApp messages, company documents, and witness testimony that unequivocally refutes her claims. We will not submit to opportunistic lawyers looking to manufacture a payday from us. >> Now, I will say compared to all the other people who made allegations against Mr. Beast, other than the ones against Ava Chris Tyson, obviously, this one does seem by far the most professional. I mean, this person went ahead and sued Mr. Beast, even before going on the news or making any public statements about it. At least that was my understanding of the situation. So, I don't think she was really clout chasing at all. It just seemed a bit strange how Mr. Beast team was presenting it as she was trying to leech clout off them when clearly you can see that that wasn't the case whatsoever. >> The lawsuit also alleges Maveraches was contacted to work while on maternity leave and that the company never gave her required notice of her rights under the Family and Medical Leave Act. >> Jimmy Donaldson himself, he says that you've got to get the job done and there's no excuses. Her suit claims she feared retaliation if she refused to work during her leave and was on a work conference call while in the labor and delivery room and traveled to Brazil for a shoot with soccer star Neymar a few weeks after giving birth. >> But if Neymar wins, I will donate it to whatever charity he chooses. >> No mother would want to leave their newborn baby behind to go to work, especially out of the country when you're breastfeeding your baby. That's the last thing that I wanted to do. Documents obtained by NBC News show Maveratis' signature on an employee handbook dated 4 days before giving birth, which laid out the company's maternity leave policies. Something Maveratis says she doesn't remember. So, you never signed any sort of FMLA documents 4 days before you gave birth? >> No, I do not recall signing and I was never informed of my rights. >> It's going to be interesting to see the proof Mr. Beast team brings out regarding this entire situation because this is one of the first instances where someone who doesn't seem to want to be a public figure is actually going ahead and suing Mr. Beast for some pretty crazy and valid reasons. So with that, make sure you guys drop a comment down below on your thoughts on this entire situation. What do you guys think about Mr. Beast? Do you guys think that these people are all clout chasers or that Mr. Beast is actually the guy that they say he is? Instagram shout out of the day goes to Tim Obeck. Thank you so much for following the Instagram. If you guys want to get a shout out in the next video, then follow it right here. Spotify shout out of the day goes to Simon Riley. Thank you so much for the support on Spotify. I really appreciate you as well. And YouTube shout out of the day goes to Gel Trixs. Thank you so much for the support on YouTube. I appreciate you. If you guys want to get a shout out in the very next video, then all you have to do is follow the Instagram or drop a comment on YouTube or Spotify saying W video or just asking for a shout out. and there's a chance that you might get one in the very next upload I post. But with that, I appreciate you all so much for making it to the end of the video. It's been your boy Jenke. I'll see you all in the next one, and I'm out. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @deltagaming_channel [5 likes]: 0:11, bro, what!?! OG Mr.Beast crew is spilling the tea about his horrid business practices. With the women that started everything. That's what happens when growing too big does content creation corporate empire based on hype and psychological manipulation for money and clout. Always will come bite him in the ass. It's why it should be the motto "base your content for the audience by the audience, not in popularity and numbers W video 🌟
  2. @sagittarius_A16 [4 likes]: Every Video title be like: …. finally got what they deserved
  3. @Gibbersyt [2 likes]: Old ahh news like ppl aint know them old crew memebers 😭
  4. @AnthonyGould-i3b [2 likes]: More rakia vids pls they are so funny😂😂😂
  5. @randymalcom3272 [1 likes]: ANOTHER W VID MAN LETME GET A SHOUTOUT
  6. @Jelttrix [1 likes]: How has all of this happend to Mr Beast and ges still not canceled?
  7. @NXNOEL7 [1 likes]: 12:45 dogpack thinks money is easy and challenges should also be easy
  8. @aalvarez2914: Of course. He reminds me of a creepy clown dressed as a man. He has no morals or anything and his whole persona is an act. He decided at the beginning to be the biggest YouTuber and became whatever the algorithm wanted to make himself that. It’s almost soulless in a way, with his fake empty creepy smile, because it also seems absolutely fake. Everything from his tone to the graphics are to become bigger. Even his charity is part cover and part promotion. Everything is made for the camera and algorithm. He’s only now trying to be more “genuine” because the algorithm wants it. Even that is scripted.
  9. @weirdyoutubef4189: Commentary channels don’t know how to shut up
  10. @graysonthegorilla: i noticed u get a lot more views talking about rakai for some reason. maybe make more content about him to grow fastest. just some friendly advice ❤❤❤ maybe for next video?
  11. @RomeyyYT: Janke click baiting every person in his video
  12. @AlphaWoif-u3o: I always fought mrbeast come from old tv show from many years ago i fought was bringing shot down some time later i never knew he was a actually YouTube 😮
  13. @davsuryt: "the higher they climb,
the harder they fall"
  14. @troymcnemar-pichler: W video
  15. @livsnytern1: I am more amazed of people not seeing this fake behavours by just watching MrShit videoes for years. stop being blind.
  16. @GharillaFishing: bro just give up nothing to see here literal click bait slop
  17. @Jlambert1213: 13:49  he was not nor will ever be a she bro!!
  18. @flamingooooz4926: bro these commentary type videos are goated but youre making them awful. Fr stop or make actual good videos
  19. @saadiarsalan1155: milking old news and click baiting
  20. @GeorgeSchneider-m9q: This video is total BS.  Boring old content. Absolutely nothing that hasn't been covered a thousand times Love that dont recommend button.

- 30 Celebrities Fight For $1,000,000!: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I gathered Kevin Hart, Paris Hilton, Howie Mandel, and many more of my favorite celebrities. Holy mackerel. Enter our circle. And I trapped them all in this red circle. And whoever leaves last… wins one million dollars! [cheering] And that million dollars will be going to a charity of the winner’s choosing. Alright, the game has started. Be behind the red line. Good to see you, man! I'm a fan. Yeah, but thanks, man. Me too. And I watch your show. I watch Impractical Jokers all the time. Yeah? Thank you. I'm Josh! How are you? -Marsai. Pleasure. -Hey, Marsai. Pleasure. I love you, I'm a big fan. Is this the musician corner? That's exactly what we were saying. And we didn't get just one member, but all four of the pop rock global phenomenon, Five Seconds of Summer. Should we just have a DJ corner? Yeah! [laughing] We also have Diplo and The Chainsmokers, whose songs, collectively, have been listened to over 50 billion times. I think Howie Mandel really is tryna do some mind games by sitting on the ground. I have to go to the bathroom. Same. You've done some crazy stuff in your life. I've seen you pour hot sauce in your eyes. I've seen you get nailed by hockey pucks. Snort wasabi up your nose. If I ask you to put hot sauce in your eyes, would you? Depends on what kinda hot sauce. The fact that that's his response is crazy. [laughs] Have you ever seen this many celebrities in a YouTube video? No, I haven't. Well, all these celebrities will be in challenges inspired by my ten-episode series, Beast Games. And season 2 is available to watch now on Prime Video. Let's kick off the first game. Absolutely. It's go time! Open the wall! Oh, yeah, yeah. Yeah, ok! A shiny car! That's not just one, but five shiny cars, including this $250,000 Lamborghini. That thing looks sick. That Lambo sound nasty! For game one, if you manage to throw a dodge ball through any one of those five hoops, we'll give your biggest fan the car. -Oh my God! -No way! That's right, we have your biggest fan. All thirty of you have the opportunity to pay your biggest fan back with a free car. But if you step up and throw the ball and miss the circle, it does not go through it, then you're eliminated. [gasps] Oh! Open the circle! [all reacting] Oh, the circle’s back? It's like Fortnite. Once you step in here, it's official. So which one of you is going to risk elimination and a million dollars to give your biggest fan a car? I got this, man. Oh, he's doing it! Comedian Jay Pharoah is our first contender. Bring in his fan! I got him! What's going on, Jay? -What’s going on, man? -Aw, man! Which car do you wanna win him? Obviously, the Lamborghini is further away. -It's gonna be that one. -That Tesla? What does he have to do? He has to hit Kevin as hard as he can? What a idiot! Ignore him. [chanting] Jay! Jay! I was short! I knew that was gonna happen. He didn’t have enough strength. Our first elimination. Open the portal. Y’all got me going to Heaven! One celebrity down and 29 more to go. Who wants to go next? Oh, no. We good. Oh really? Calum from Five Seconds of Summer is giving it a shot. I got Calum’s fan! You either win her a car or you're eliminated. No pressure. This is for the Five Seconds of Summer fans, baby. You got this, lock in. It’s good! [group exclaims] It was lined up! So close! You did us proud, babe. That was very brave. And as more celebrities took their shot… I'm going in. Are you serious? Ah! the number of eliminations… continued to grow. Ced, you didn't even wind up, man. I'm gonna give you a bunch of Uber passes. And I was starting to wonder if any one of these celebrities… I want the pressure, I’m doing it. Oh, he wants it. Don't let me down, Drew! would win their fan a car. -Oh! -[group exclaims] -Oh, no. We're down to a Chainsmoker. -[laughing] Yeah. Thank you guys. -I'm gonna go for it, I think. -Yes! Diplo, you're gonna do it? Alright, he’s doing it! By the way, the coolest. I really want to give away one of these cars. -We can't go O for five. -Ok. Come on, Dip! You got this. You know what? I think it's me. I'm gonna stand over here. I'ma turn around. Will Diplo win his biggest fan a car? What did I just say? It was me. You're good. Diplo is back in the game! Oh, you got a car! You got a car! Yeah! Diplo, that's how you get it done! Game one is now over. Everyone brace yourself for game two. It won't be as easy. -Someone's gonna get sloppy. -They haven't explained it. Someone early on's gonna get sloppy, and they're gonna get eliminated. I kinda just wanna start pushing people into the red circle. I know, imagine! Alright. What do you think's about to happen? We started physical. Gotta go mental. I feel like there's gonna be something psychological. Something more mental. Connect Four on fire. -Connect Four on fire is a mental game? -Yeah, I think. Yeah, yeah. Are you guys ready for what's next? Switch the floor to black. The circle is no longer red, which means you can all stand on it. I need all of you to stand on the circle around the edge. Twenty-six of you remain. That number is about to drop quite a bit. Change the floor! For game #2, you get to decide between playing a strong game or a smart game. So if you step in this half, you're locked into a game of strength. But if you step into this half over here, you'll be locked into a game of smarts. This is all up to you. Are you a strong celebrity or are you a smart celebrity? I don't know what I would do. I feel like I'm both. I feel like I'm strong and I'm wise. I feel like I'm smart. I think, right? Look at me. What do you think? I'm going strength. -Really? -I'm going strength. -Done. NBA All-Star here, Dwight Howard… [NBA Announcer] Howard throws it down! Dwight Howard, the eight-time All-Star. is deciding between strong or smart. What are you thinking about? Yeah, I'm not that strong anymore. You see this? -This means go to the smart. -[laughing] Dude, you're good at games. I think you should go smart. I'm very smart. But at the same time, you know, I've been working out, baby. Paul Scheer, I could probably beat in a pushup contest. Everyone here looks quite fit. Ok, it looks like every celebrity has chosen a side. Let's go. And the reason why we're doing smart vs. strong is because in Season 2 of Beast Games, we had 100 of the strongest people on the planet compete against 100 of the smartest people on the planet. If you think this video is crazy, wait until you watch Beast Games Season 2. It is better than anything I've ever done. I'll remind you at the end of the video. We're going to be kicking things off with the smart game. So strong people, follow me over here. And relax. Just relax. Have a seat. You can sit in that money by the way. Just lean back. It's like a bed. I need everyone who chose the smart game to pick a star. Guards, bring in the game! [Marsai Martin] Wait, what is the game? Oh, shoot. It's a puzzle. [Josh Peck] Oh, no. [Yvonne Orji] Oh. See, I watched Season 1. That's psychological warfare. If anybody's got a little bit of anxiety, this is normally when it kicks in. This game is very simple. Beside each of you is ten blocks. I'm going to stack a pattern of ten blocks here while you try to memorize the pattern. After I stack ten blocks, we'll knock over the tower, and the six smartest celebrities to recreate my pattern with their blocks from memory will move on. I’m gonna use my camera to record everything. The first color in the pattern is… green! Alright. What? Wait. Why are we applauding for that? He took a green-- -It was good. Alright, everyone. The second color is blue. Then red. Green. Yellow. Then blue. Then green. Alright, the last three. Red, blue…. Are you gonna be able to reach the top? Yes. Go. -Are you actually? -I have very long arms! Go. Are you-- Kevin, you got it? Here, Here. I gotcha. Alright. And-- It's done! Alright, go for it! Go for it! Start building. [Kevin] It’s done! It's over! [Jimmy] First six to complete it! First six to complete it move on! And the rest are going home. Oh, we got one finisher. Alex from The Chainsmokers has finished first! There are only five spots remaining. Wait, your pattern and his pattern are different. Who's correct? Oh! Yung Gravy has finished second, and Audrey Nuna is third. That's three musicians in a row. Green… Blue… Oh, I'm missing a green one! Sal Vulcano is fourth. Diplo is done. There's only one spot left. If you lose this game, you are out of the competition. We need six, we’re going till we have six! Boom! And that's it! Howie Mandel is our final finisher. The game is now over. Take your hands off your blocks. If your star is green, you're moving on. Congratulations to the six of you with the green star. You recreated the pattern first. [exhales] Thank God. Everyone else, I'm sorry. Dang! No… I missed the green. Maybe you shoulda done the strong game. [Kevin] No, no, no, Tiff-- No, no. Tiffany. All five of you have now been eliminated. What Dwight did, he recorded it. I did. I recorded it on my camera. -And it was too small. -And you still got it wrong! I couldn’t see! And I still got it wrong. Message to all the kids at home: If you are going to cheat… -Cheat better. -Cheat better. Ok? Ok, did anyone else cheat in here? Yeah. Be honest. Howie did it on his whole phone. I didn't even see this when we were shooting. [chuckling] It turns out Howie Mandel had snuck in his phone and filmed the entire thing. Howie, you cheated! You know why I did it? For pediatric cancer. Yeah, say that's terrible. Go ahead. Tell me I'm a terrible person. Bye, guys. You rock! I'm glad! I'm going to the Chargers game. I'm gonna find me a husband! [Kevin] Tiffany, just leave. And with that, 21 celebrities now remain. But remember, only one is gonna win the million dollars for their charity. We are about to start the strong game, so strong contestants, come on up to the floor. Before I open that wall and reveal the game, what do you guys hope the game is? Uh… Push ups. Push ups would be great. Reveal the strong game! How many of you have seen Survivor? Aw, you’ve gotta be kidding me. Never mind, I'm out. This is insane. Bring on out the pole. Oh, no, the pole? This is the worst! [Ally Brooke] What's this? [Paul Scheer] This is the worst game of all time. [Ally Brooke] Shut up! [Yvonne Orji] Why did I choose strength? [Selma Blair] The totem poles. [Jimmy] Alright, change the floor. [Matt Rife] What is this? [Paul Scheer] Oh, no, no, no! As you can see, there's no longer a red circle. You're good to come up here. Everyone just pick a pole. They're all the same. Choose a pole. They're all the same? Can we climb this? Saw this pole instantly. I went, that’s my pole. In a moment, when we start the strong game, you will all stand wrapped around the pole. And the first six of you to touch the ground will be eliminated. Kevin, you want to show ‘em it? Yes! This is simple. It ain’t hard at all. I can do it with one hand. [Jimmy] So that's it. -You just do what Kevin's doing here. -Yeah, that’s it. -You just stand up there and hold on. -That's it. Kevin, why are you shaking, buddy? Why are these calves shaking over here? It's pretty easy, man. What’s it been, twenty minutes? Alright. This is gonna be terrible. Good. Are you guys ready? Let's start the strength game. Five… Four… Three, two, one… The challenge has now started. First sneaks to touch the ground are eliminated. -The shoes make it impossible, man. -Yeah? Ok. Everyone is on the poles. And honestly, I think people are already starting to struggle up there. [exhaling] Oh no! We have our first out. No! Oh, we got one. I should've gone smart. I’m Nigerian, I got two degrees! Oh, hold on. And it looks like Lil Rel is struggling, too. Rel, get up, Rel! Do you regret joining this video? [stuttering] I love this pole. I’ll let him focus. Ah! [Tareq] Oh! He fell. Lil Rel! [Jimmy] Ok, four eliminations remain. Winning one million dollars for your charities isn't going to be easy. How bad do you want it? Is this what you thought you’d be doing when you said yes? No! I never wanted to go on Survivor. I can't do that show. In case you're wondering why this is Survivor-themed, it's because in Season 2 of Beast Games, we partnered with Survivor to do an entire episode, which was even co-hosted by Jeff Probst. I love it and Jeff Probst. I hate you for creating this stunt! Ha! Picture Kevin Hart, you know how Kevin Hart's co-hosting this? -Yeah. -Picture him, but someone a little taller. -That's what me and Jeff Probst are like. -No, no, no. Alright, you two are WWE Hall of Famers… [WWE Announcer] WWE champions, the Bella Twins! We did leg day yesterday, so that's hurting. We are literally at a point where you’re starting to see people break. I think we're gonna lose Josh, Josh is fighting for dear life. Don't be talking about me, Sal! I love you. I hope we stay in touch after this. Oh, no! What the-- Oh, God! Wait. How are you gonna get out of this position? I don't know, my feet slipped. Do you have any advice for your sister? Put your knees up. [Jimmy] Oh, oh! [Kevin] There you go. Oh! The wrestler’s about to fall! Weren’t you talking-- Oh, no. [Kevin] Oh, no! What happens when the sisters divide? He’s crushing! -Are you even struggling? -No. -It's easy. -Not at all. Oh, we lost another one. [groaning] Ok, Luke from Five Seconds of Summer is now eliminated. Only two more eliminations remain. Is everyone eating our brand new MrBeast and Jack Link's Beef Sticks? Why, yes we are. It tastes great. Good amount of protein. -Can I have another one? -Another Beef Stick? Of course. He can't get enough of Beef Sticks. I'm glad you guys are enjoying our new Beef Sticks. Hey, if you want to try them, it’s available at these retailers. Only two more gotta fall and then it's done. Be stronger than the two weakest. Hoo! Agh! No! Oh, we lost one. No, you were so close! I slipped! One remains! You guys have to outlast one more person. [Yvonne Orji] No, Josh! Josh! Josh, dig deep! It's been really nice knowing you. I did this for my son, Max. Shout out. Max! [grunting] Ah, no! Good try. You're good! The game is over. That was crazy. All I’m gonna say to all you smarties out there, way harder than stacking a bunch of colored blocks. Everybody wave goodbye. Losers, follow me. Bye! -Thanks, Jimmy. Have fun, bud. -Thanks for coming out. Only half the celebrities remain, and we're about to eliminate a lot more in a second. That last one. I was like, please, please. Oh, same. There's no more friendship. When Josh fell down, I go, "Die! Die now." You crushed that, too. I'm still shaking. Yeah, it looked so intense. It was, but I could not have done what you did. Oh, word? I saw the season of Survivor where they had that. -Oh, really? -And I was, like… …that's why I didn't go with strong. I actually fell asleep for a second in the money over there while you were doing that. -What? -I got a second to pass out, dude. Yeah. Who do you trust in this game? Right now, I think us musicians are-- You guys are taking the game. We're showing up right now. -We like each other. He's a very funny guy. I'm a comedian, too. From Mexico. He's from India. So we're not from the US, so might be something there. I hope we team up. I feel like this is ready for team up here. I'll tell you this. The person that people want out? Howie. I don't care about how any of these people feel about me. If you win, what's the charity that's getting the million dollars? Alex's Lemonade Stand, pediatric cancer. There is nothing-- nothing I won't do to win this. I am a competition lover. There's nothing better than watching competitions happen, flourish, and then the numbers start to get reduced. 'Cause that's when, now you gotta really compete. Who do you think is the most hated person here so far? Where do you think Howie ranks? If you can cheat and get away with it, I think it’s brilliant. ‘Cause we're friends. We've been friends all day. Eventually the friendships turn to… -Enemies. -Yes, yes. Brilliant. Alright, can I have you guys up front? It's time for the next game. Before I reveal game three, I need each of you to pair up into groups of three. Once you have your team of three, just stand in a square. The colors do not matter. Come on, music group. Come on, let’s go. Musicians unite. Can we go in pink? You can team up based on actors, musicians, or just, you throw, random people in a cube. So, old, foreigners. This is just basically, like-- This is the outcast. [Eugenio Derbez] The outcast! The non-Americans that are old. -I was born in England. Why this team over here? Obviously, you guys are all really famous musicians. -We're working on a song. All three of you? -Yeah. Right now. -With our minds. What caused this group to come together? We all made eye contact and just said yeah. I'm hoping, like, it's “who can eat a sandwich the fastest?” What would you say the pros of this team is? Can we start with the cons? Now that everyone has a team, cut the lights! The next game is a cooking challenge. How did you do that? Who dressed me? [Kevin] No, Steve-O. Don't-- No, no, no, No, no. I got this. Don't worry, don't worry-- Steve-O! It's ok. Here we go. [Kevin] No, no, no. Steve-O! Don’t, no, no… No, no, no! Whoa! -[CarryMinati] Let's go! -[Steve-O] Yeah! Disqualification! Do not try that trick at home. Everyone! You ready to meet the judges? The people who will decide your fate. Our first judge is a global icon. Hmm. She's an entrepreneur known for her fashion. She once hosted a cooking show. Open the portal! Paris Hilton! Hi, y'all. She is a world famous celebrity. She is one of three judges that will be judging the food you make. What's up, everybody? -[Brie Bella] Hi, Paris! -[Paul Scheer] What's up? Love you! Your second judge, an Emmy winning, arguably most famous chef on the planet… Giada! The face of cooking on television. I don't know how we landed her. This is crazy. Hi! Stop, stop. Stop it! Oh my gosh! Thanks for having me. [Jimmy] This is wild. Two for two on killer judges, right? [Kevin] Yes. For our third judge… Obviously, we have an all star lineup here. I told Kevin he could bring whoever he wanted. I wanted him to dig deep in his Rolodex. You know, he gave me examples like Gordon Ramsay or, you know, other really famous chefs. Told him to surprise me. What judge did you bring? Ok, and this is big. When you told me that, I got offended because you were talking to me, so I didn't call anybody. I was like, I'ma be here. I'll be the judge. - [laughing] Yeah, yeah. -[Jimmy] Oh, ok. No, jokes aside. You got Gordon Ramsay, right? Yeah. No, I didn't even call him. I said what I'm going to do, I'm going to judge. If I'm here, why am I searching for other names? I could’ve just called Gordon. Yeah, but that's the thing. I was like, I'ma sit behind there, and I'ma eat the food and we're going to judge. -Alright, alright. -That's called using my head. Alright, we have two award-winning professional judges, and then Kevin Hart. And me, baby! Do you need a taller seat or is that fine? Jimmy? -No, it’s-- -Jimmy. Don't start. -Ok? -And I shoulda thought about that. Alright. Contestants, each of you have a golden platter. You have exactly one hour to make anything you want and present it to the judges, and they will try all of them. Two teams with the lowest scores will be eliminated. Start the one hour timer! Good luck. What do you want to make? I'm unsure. What's your best dish? Um… Oh… You don't know what your best dish is? We should go for like pasta dish. That’s gonna be easiest, gonna be tastiest. Wanna go for chicken fajitas? Spaghetti and Beast balls. Gravy. While most teams got to work gathering ingredients, Howie's strategy was to try and stop them. -I find out what they want. And then I take it off, which is a vibe. We’re probably gonna need more than one right? [Eugenio Derbez] Ay! Police, police! What do you want? You wanted mushrooms? [laughing] Perhaps. I took all of the mushrooms. -You took all the mushrooms? -It’s strategy! [Diplo] Guys, you gotta share some cilantro. -Go get your own. But that really didn't work out for Howie. What are y'all doing over there? What are y'all preparing? -Fried chicken sandwiches. -Bruh, what! Fried chicken sandwich. [Diplo] We got you. One of the first things I ever made was her chocolate pizza. So if I make her chocolate pizza, we get points. Ok. What are we thinking over here? Uh, I think we're going to go dinner with a little bit of dessert. I don't know necessarily that they're gonna go together. Italian’s the vibe. Ok. Is it spaghetti and meatballs? Is it-- Beast balls. With, just meatballs? Beast balls? -Spaghetti and Beast balls. The Beast balls. Ten minutes are gone. You better get cooking. [blowing nose] I mean, and-- That's my biggest pet peeve. The nasty hand. -I can't. -I mean… It makes me wanna… Chicken breast, put this in here. Wait, I thought you were making fajitas. Why are you boiling it? -Is that bad? -I don't know… Is it gonna be, like, rubber chicken fajitas? -That's not how you do the chicken. -[Eugenio Derbez] No, no-- She's a professional chef. She said "No, no, no, no." I'ma get a new chicken, we’re gonna fry it. That’s good! Let's do it. What are you cooking, Ally? A chocolate pizza. Because one of the first things I ever made was a chocolate pizza because of you. I adore you. Ok, but what are you doing to that dough? Um… Oh, no, no, no. Howie! Don't yell at me. Ooh, geez! And as the competition heated up… Don't! No! Howie, Howie, Howie! so did Howie's sabotage. Howie, we can’t sabotage. You having a snack, Howie? I'm taking a protein break. Oh. I don't know if you've tried one of these, but these Jack Link's-- Uh, well, if you look on the side, you'll see our name on it. It’s so delicious. And they give me protein. They're healthy. I don't even know if you noticed it, but, yeah, that's our teriyaki beef stick. Guys I'm eating a beef stick. It turns out to be a MrBeast beef stick! Jokes aside, I've been eating Jack Link's since I was a kid, which is why we just launched our brand new MrBeast Jack Link's beef sticks. These bad boys are a convenient snack jam packed with protein with natural ingredients. 100% real beef. It's amazing. What are the chances? Ten minutes remain! Oh my god. Oh my god, oh my God. Oh, geez. It’s a broken heart. We all have one. It's relatable. We should probably be plating in the next, like, 2-3 minutes. Yeah, toss that. Yeah. Right, right, right. But remember Kevin said fully cooked. Oh, dear Jesus. -Howie? Selma? Say a prayer. Spaghetti right here? Or should I go more to the side so we can put our sweet there? What do we think? How does that look? Or did it look better… I think it looked better the other way. I would I would get some of that on there 'cause it looks like a little turdy. On top of this? Yeah, that looks good, actually. Let's do it. Let's start doing it. Yup, I think we go a little heavier on the sauce. One minute. Oh my God! Whew! Look at this. [Ally Brooke] Oh my God! Alright, it’s almost time! Oh, your guys’ meal actually looks good. Yo, what about your drink? -Say it again? -Drink, drink, drink. Oh, the drink! Let's go, let's go! Fast, fast! This is like, the kind of thing you have bad dreams about. But you're like, well, what's so bad about it really? -[Jimmy] Five, four… -Make one. Make one! Three, two, one. No more. No more it’s done. I think we lost. Can we just go through the portal now? Who do you three want to judge first? Um, we’re gonna start here. We're gonna start… Pink! They're eating their own food. That's a great sign. Pink team. When you're ready, bring it on up! [Kevin] Wow. We have before you today an Asian-American fusion chicken sandwich. Artisanal donuts. With a Feastable reduction. As well as a fresh cucumber salad for your liking. Oh, Kevin's just jumping right into it. [unintelligible] How is it? It’s cooked. It’s crunchy. Oh, crunchy! It’s breaded correctly. Kevin, it's good fried chicken. It's very good. That's hot. -[sighs of relief] -[Paris Hilton] It's so good. Judges, are you ready to reveal the score? -Yes. Reveal Pink's score. Mine's is an 8. A 26.5? Whoa. Alright, Orange. Bring it on over. Alright, so this is a meal we made from the heart. We're gonna be taking you out of France into Italy. -The Venice Hilton? We wanted to call it. -Slay. We also have the Giada Burrata. [Kevin] Giada Burrata. And then also, the spaghetti with Beast balls. [laughing] Wait. Those two meatballs, you're calling Beast balls? Those are your Beast balls. He's taking it all in. I'm not getting as much flavor as I want out of the meatball. It's because it's overcooked. You can tell it's dry. But it's not undercooked. Is this like a cracker? It is a s'more. Mmm. Reveal the scores! 7.5 6.5, 7… 10? You guys scored a 26.5. They scored a 24. -Great. Great. Green team come on up! For our dish what we've done is we've created chicken fajitas Try the guacamole because it's a secret sauce. This is good. I'm not mad at this. -[Giada] It's good? -I ate the whole thing. Yay! Let's go! Reveal! -Another 10… -Yes, yes! Bro! Let's go! Your score is so high, you're guaranteed to move on. Yes! -Woo! -Let's go! Alright, Blue team. What you got? 5, 6, 7, 8. [Giada] Oh, wow. [Jimmy] Oh, they’re dancing. Yeah. This is amazing. Voila! Cold Bolognese on cold pasta that was ready 40 minutes ago. We saw an aggressive sneeze at one point. When I saw it, I said, absolutely not. -We just want a 10, a 9, and a 9. -There was no sneeze! -It's all we want. Maybe, I eat the pecan. Did you-- You went with the meat? Kevin, try the pasta. -And the crazy this is… -Immediately washed my hands. Food's getting colder. -[Kevin] Let's do it. -Kevin, try the pasta. Mmm! 3, 2, 1… Reveal! What?! What?! You guys scored a 22, the lowest score so far. Unbelievable. If you do the math, that means they're now eliminated. Just for a joke? Just for a laugh? What was that? Why’d you leave me out there? Their meatball fell apart. I gave them a four. I'm over here being honest! They made you make your own taco. Eliminated for a bit. You… an 8? Turn the lights red. [sounds of pity] Give me the recipe if you can-- No! Man, listen. No, man. Please! -Come on, man! -Alright, bye Kevin! Hey, man. I didn't mean it. Please man! Come on, now. Come on, guys, please! Let's let me-- Let me finish the show man. I'll go get your partner back. One second. Brace yourself, judges. 'Cause this one's a crazy one. Yellow team, come on up. This is our interpretation of a Hawaiian dish known as the Poo Poo Platter. Oh, the poopla. My grandmother, her name is-- was Melissa Mendel. Maybe tell the story before he pukes. Her dream in life was to win a cooking contest. Two weeks ago… Mhmm. she was hit by a bus. I can't look at it. On her deathbed, she said, "Howie, take my recipe." Take my recipe. We put an hour into this. We put an entire hour into-- Security! Security! I’m gonna throw up. It was supposed to be a chocolate pizza! That was so bad. I don't even know if Paris is gonna give it a 10. -One, two, three… -Reveal it. -Yeah, I just gave ‘em a one. -[Jimmy] Zero, one. -I gave 'em a one. -I'm out. Zero, one, zero… Paris? Why a 10? This is a legendary crash out by Howie. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Alright. Alright. This was the best, see you later. I'm Howie's ride. I got to drive him, so I am self eliminating. I'm sorry. Turn the lights red! I am self eliminating. -Only I can do that. Turn the lights red! Let me try-- No, they did it 'cause I said it. Ok, guys. See you later! -Take care, Paul. -Bu-bye! And with that, you are the final eight! Cut the light! Of the five teams that were in the cooking challenge, now, only three remain. And for this next game, you guys are gonna be in the exact same teams. -Yeah, let's go. But instead of working together, you guys will be enemies. That’s kinda how I picked. Oh, really? I don't know you well… It's like Hunger Games. If you guys wanna turn around and look at that wall back there, the mechanism that we're gonna be using to eliminate all but three of you. Guards, open the wall! Bring it on in. Each team will enter their cube and it will be on them to decide who is eliminated and who moves on. Only one person in each cube will be moving on to the final game and competing for one million dollars. Inside your cube to help you make the decision is a phone which you can ask for anything you want. Mayonnaise. [Jimmy] Uh… Kevin -Ok, I get it. Enter your cubes! What do we ask for that's really crazy? -Let's go. -Alright. Oh my goodness. Here we go. Get in the cube. Um. I don't know. What do you guys wanna do. Close it. [clears throat] Two of us have to be handcuffed. One of us leaves. No, no one wants to do that. Nobody wants to do that, but we have to decide mutually. What are good three person games? Can you do a Rubik's Cube? No. Can you? Yeah. [laughs] So do we wanna do it based on a coin or do we want to play a game? In our show Beast Games, this is the most brutal thing we filmed in Season 1 and in Season 2, which just dropped, by the way. It was even crazier. How long, on Season 1 and Season 2, did you have people in the Cube? Oh, Season 2, we were in there for almost an entire day. Took them that long to come up with the decision. Wow. And literally whatever they call and ask for, I'll get it for them. Beast Hotline, how can I help you? Can, uh, we get a masseuse for a second while we think about this? -What about Twister? -Let's do Twister. Yeah. Bring Twister out here. -Darts? -I mean, if we both suck at darts, we can try it. Hello? Can we get darts, puppies, Connect Four and air hockey? Air hockey? Yeah. I mean, it'd be kind of a good time. I know how to play air hockey. How's your wrestling? My wrestling? Jiu jitsu. Your wrestling, grappling. That's the first time I'm hearing the word. Well, that's bad news for you. Let's ask for a clown. Just see what happens. Maybe you can beat up the clown. The teams were starting to get creative. And when I said they could ask for anything. I literally meant anything. How good are you with MMA? Wrestling? Oh yeah, here. Lemme show ya. Jiu jitsu, jiu jitsu. No, no, not me. Him. I gotta wrestle him? In this game, avoiding the inevitable is easy. But as for Brie and Gravy, they were well on their way to decide who their winner would be, and without having played any games at all, Alex saw an opportunity for an easy way out. I dare you. You won't do it. You just did it? He won’t do it. [Audrey Nuna] Oh, no! That was good stuff, right? Wait. What happened? We already have a hand cuffed? There was deception involved. I was like, playing around with it, and he just locked me in it. How are you two deciding who moves on? With Twister. Oh that's fun, I’m gonna go get it. we had our first cube elimination, and Gravy took the win on their first of three games as well. Steve-O, what's the decision? I think we've decided on rock ‘em sock ’em robots. Rock ‘em sock ’em robots coming right up. [Jimmy] Here let me see that. -Hey, Tareq. -How's it going? While they’re at the store, tell them to grab some of my MrBeast Jack Link's Beef Sticks. They're the best. Hey, we can make it work. Ok. Thank you. Guards! We need MrBeast Jack Link's. Scan the QR code on screen now and grab my 100% beef MrBeast and Jack Link's Beef Sticks or find them in stores wherever you shop. Right foot red. Very easy. Let's keep moving faster here. Next one is left hand green. -I'll never forget our journey together. -Can you not? This has been so real. Double 15 and double 11. -[Brie Bella] Yes. -Ok. Doing good. Oh wait, you have 53. I have 29. And with this being Gravy's last dart, that meant he needed at least 25 points to win -Alright, six. Alright. You won that one. Oh, shoot! I wanted won at hockey. Puppy would solve this right now. Thank you, my good sir. Right hand green, you guys got it? Uh, the next one is left foot red. -Whoa. -Left foot red? Left foot red. Oh, you got it then. [screaming] Chain yourself up! We did it! Woo! You better win the whole thing, or else we’re never gonna talk to you again. Wait, that was quick. She beat you in Twister? -It’s hard! Oh my gosh. Audrey was now officially our first celebrity to secure their spot into the final game. And deciding the tie breaker for the second spot was this puppy? -Oh my gosh. -Oh goodness, alright. Ok, so before you put the dog down, you have to go straight in the middle and then let the dog run to the winner. -This is how we’re deciding. Oh. He won! But you know what? I don't even care. 'Cause you are so cute. Ok, Gravy is now in the top three. Sorry it didn’t work out. It's ok. You know what? It was a lot of fun. I'm glad you had fun. Even though I've done this hundreds of times, it still feels weird to, you know, lock someone handcuffed in a room. And with Brie's elimination, there was only one spot left for the one million dollar final game. [Clown] You gotta defend with your arms, obviously. But to get a win right here? That's the button, right? If the head goes up, you win the game. Alright, so here we have our MMA. And for whatever reason, these two decided to put their chances at winning the one million dollars all on the line, for one single round of rock ‘em sock ’em robots. Fight! He went in with both fists. It was a bold move, but it didn't pay off That’s it. Alright. Cuff up, buddy. -[sighing] Ah. -Grab your coffee. Whoa, what's going on here? I got-- I knocked out, but I was so close to winning. Carry, now all the people in India are gonna stop watching. End of the video bro. I want to reiterate, they're competing for a million dollars, All of the other cubes are done, it's down to this. One million dollars on the line. One of you is gonna make the final three. It all comes down to rock ‘em sock ’em. Alright… Ready? [slow-mo] Who's gonna win? -It’s done. It's over. Oh my gosh, that was just instant. Eugene, he just decimated your head. It's a good game. -Wait, wait! Let him do it. -Ah! On you. It's done. You made the final three. Head on out! Alright, let's go. We have Steve-O. We have Gravy. We have Audrey. You guys are here for something bigger than you, for your causes. Steve-O, what is your charity? For this competition, I wanna help people. I'm goin’ Doctors Without Borders. They go to places where medical attention isn't, you know, widespread and help people out. -Exactly. -Gravy, how about you? My charity is Noise for Now. They get more money for reproductive health organizations. How about you over here? I am competing for Luminos Fund. So basically, if kids didn't have a chance to start school, it's a second chance at getting basically three years of curriculum. It's an insanely amazing organization. All three of you have a cause that is important to you that you're competing for. But only one of you will win them a million dollars. But this final game is gonna determine which charity wins one million dollars. And it's behind this wall. Raise the wall, baby. In front of you… are three briefcases. One has a million dollars inside of it. The other two are empty. One at a time, you're gonna go up there and pick a briefcase, and once each of you have a briefcase, you all open them up. Whichever briefcase has a million dollars, your charity will get it. We'll start with Audrey. Because she came out of the cubes first. I’m ready. Delete the red rings. This circle no longer matters. All that matters is which briefcase you have at the end of this game. It all starts with you. Are you ready? Hold up. Drop the wall! We'll see you two in a moment. For now, it is just me and her. One of these three briefcases has a million dollars inside of them. The other two have nothing. Which number speaks to you? What do you think about #1 over here? -I like the #1. -Okay. Not feeling anything today. Not feeling that? You know, I might do three. Why three? I don’t know. Three is a magical number. Is it speaking to you? Now that you've chosen, go ahead and look inside. There is, of course, a twist. But for now, only you will see inside it. Okay? Okay. I mean, close it. What was inside? It's a pet rabbit. -A pet rabbit? Oh, open the wall! Gravy, it's time. You were second to exit the cubes. So you’re second to play the game. You ready? Now, here's the twist. You can choose any case you want. You can even steal Audrey's. So ask her any questions you want. Close the wall. Sorry, Steve-O. Did you like what you saw in the briefcase? Perhaps. Was it heavy? Very heavy. These are probably all heavy, huh. -Can I smell them? -Yeah you can smell ‘em. [sniffing] I don't smell anything, but… It smells like money. What, why are you looking at the scaffolding? Just wondering where the cameras are aimed. Come on. You think this is our first game show? We still have to film the losers. Yeah. Alright, fair. I like it. He's really thinking this through. I did like the idea of three, but… I'll go with one. Are you officially lockin’ it in? I’ll lock it in. Ok. It's on you. Let's see if we can read his face. What did that face tell you? I don’t know if I know him well enough. But now that you know what's in there, if yours is empty, you really, really want Steve-O to steal yours. And you both can tell Steve-O whatever you want. This is where it starts to get fun. Steve-O, Steve-O, Steve-O. Boy, do we have some fun for you? You can steal her briefcase, thus forcing her to take #2, or you can steal Gravy’s briefcase, forcing him to take #2. Or you can just pick #2. Everything's in your hands. Ask as many questions as you want because this million dollars is on the line. I knew that Audrey was gonna be difficult to read. -Yeah, she's a stone cold killer. -Did you? She is a deadpan individual. My first question is… Mhm. Basically, is your integrity more important to you or less important to you than this donation to your charity? They're equally important to me. Well, that's a strong answer. Ok. Alright. You got the money? [laughing] That's a no. And is he saying that because he does and he doesn't want you to steal it? Or is he saying it because he thinks that's what he'd say if he did have it? But it is empty. So he's trying to make you think he does have it even though he doesn't have it. Right! I mean, the not maintaining eye contact. Kind of shry [muttering], like uh… made me feel like he might have it. Like he was trying too hard to conceal it. I think he might have it. You got the money? Perhaps? -Perhaps. -Maybe. Maybe Maybe. I think you're gonna get more out of Gravy than her. She’s a stone wall over there. Yeah, I'm leaning heavily towards stealing her's. How does that make you feel? Excited. Excited? When you looked inside this briefcase, was it a piece of paper that indicated whether or not it was the million bucks? When I looked in the briefcase, I saw a pet rabbit. A pet rabbit. Alright, you know what? I'm going with my first instinct. I'm locking in and stealing hers. You're locking it in? I'm locking it in. That means this is yours. Open your briefcase! Oh my gosh, he did it! He did it! He stole it! [laughing, cheering] He caught you! You gave it away! Oh my, you did it! Yeah, you did it! I will now wire this million dollars to Steve-O's charity, Doctors Without Borders. And obviously we're also gonna make a $20,000 donation to your charity and your charity as well. We don't want them going home empty handed. And now, I literally right now have to go give away five million dollars. I'll see you there. And competing for this money are 100 of the strongest people on the planet versus 100 of the smartest people on Earth… The same IQ as Albert Einstein. in the biggest competition series ever made. Beast Games Season 2 is streaming on Prime Video right this second, where you can watch the most mind bending games… the wildest drama… I just don’t know what’s gonna happen. and the biggest crossover in television history. I’ve dedicated an entire year. I’ve spent millions of dollars making sure this is the best content I have ever made, and it would mean the world to me if you went and watched Beast Games Season 2 on Prime Video right this second. Who will come out on top? The strongest or the smartest? Click the link on your screen to watch Beast Games Season 2 on Prime Video right now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [27000 likes]: Beast Games 2: Strong vs Smart is live now! Go watch on Prime Video for free! https://linktr.ee/beastgames
  2. @LB_LETITBE [2 likes]: Mehn.. You even made a portal 😅. Credits to the editors 🔥
  3. @shimulkb [1 likes]: Crazy things
  4. @anonimo-r9e4o [1 likes]: ala... soy yo o estaba Aundrey nuna
  5. @StoryToonHindi-j3q: Please 🙏 give me gameing setup ❤
  6. @Dana-Skally: Хауууууи .хуй по русски
  7. @Kab00se420: I don't know why but as soon as I saw the person who won I knew it was gonna be them (trying to not leave spoilers).
  8. @Themisted_devilcard: Carry is thereeeee
  9. @MADpenguinX2: 22:00 editor deserves a raise
  10. @MarianaUrcelay-s8k1r: Todos entrando solo para ver a Eugenio derbez JAJQJJWJA y el en el segundo juego del poste tipo  : 🧍 " no me cansé "
JQJAJJA
  11. @rosemaryabakahamoah6810: @MrBeast Howie's team😂
  12. @JohnathanOphar: Wish I could compet in one of ur videos but am right in d Caribbean Antigua jus wish
  13. @manuel3545gm: Falso
  14. @kimberlylazon3081: No co osca a ninguno jaja
  15. @RS7sportline: Millones de anuncios
  16. @MKVIBEZ-w3v: Not to be disrespectful
but KEVIN HART height is WOWW 😅😅😅
  17. @8fractal471: Genius
  18. @Sitajat-y4w: Hi
  19. @raund2newfun: Help me sir
  20. @thakurr-j: Carry is hera 💥

- Beat Neymar, Win $500,000: Kind: captions Language: en This is Neymar. And if this random subscriber can beat him in a 1V1, I'm gonna give him half a million dollars. I also got the greatest shooter in basketball, the strongest hitter in baseball, That is gone! and the most famous athletes on the planet all competing against normal people. Starting with Serena Williams, the greatest female tennis player to ever live. And she will be competing against… Bring ‘em on in! …these four quadruplets. Hi. Oh my goodness. If one of you can return a serve from Serena Williams, I will give you guys $100,000. But if you can't, we'll be donating it to a charity of her choice. You girls can do it. - We got this. - Easy! Alright, it's now time. Here we go. Serena Williams serves a tennis ball faster than any woman on earth. So good luck, quadruplets! Oh! It literally went past all of them. I’m sorry! - It's ok. - You killed us. I'm gonna send this to Yetunde Price Resource Center, so really excited about it. And what I'm really excited about is that we have Steph Curry and Neymar later in this video. But right now we have a 1V1 with a different basketball all-star… And for our next 1V1, we have Giannis, the Greek Freak! A nine time All-Star, two-time MVP, and NBA champion. Versus Tristan, your typical basketball player. Let's get it baby. First one of you to make a layup, free throw, three pointer, and half court shot wins this $100,000. I’m about to win all this money. Let's see if an average guy can beat an NBA champion. 3, 2, 1… Go! Let's see who wins. - Wait, he made it. - It's a race. Pass me the rock. Hey help him out, Nolan! Let's get it. Tristan's already halfway to 100K. Gotta hit your free throw, Giannis. I'm ready. Oh, Giannis missed! He missed! Oh, he hit the three! He’s going to half court! Come on. Giannis! Giannis! What is happening? No way. If he makes it— Tristan only needs a half court to win it all. - Giannis, it’s just a free throw. - I'm ready. That's it! Alright, Giannis made his free throw. He's an NBA champion. He's clutch. He's gonna come back. Go for it! That happened so fast! This is crazy. Let’s go! I'm so salty right now. You said you’re, he’s salty— - Man, I'm so salty right now. - Look at his face. He’s so mad! Come on, man This guy came to Milwaukee and left with 100,000 in this pocket. Wow. - You good? - I'm good. Don't drown in the money. Well since the Greek Freak couldn’t beat an Average Joe, let's see if another basketball legend can. For our next 1V1, we have the greatest shooter on the planet: Steph Curry! Leading the NBA with the most three pointers of all time, no human in history has shot a basketball better than Steph Curry. Which is why he is going to be going up against the number one shooter in this high school. You ready to have some fun? - Yeah! - Alright! The game is simple. We're gonna give Steph Curry 30 seconds to make as many threes as he can. Demarrion will then have 60 seconds to try to beat his score. If he does, we will give him $100,000. If he loses, we'll give it to whatever charity Steph Curry wants us to. Who do you like more, Steph Curry or LeBron James? - LeBron. - So he's a 'Bron guy? Oh my gosh. You shouldn’t piss him off before you go against him. I like it. Alright. Head on over to the corner. Let's see why he's the greatest three point shooter to ever live. 3, 2, 1… Go! Oh, he's just not missing. Oh, he missed! Alright, he missed one. 20 seconds left. Half the time has now gone by. Ok, only eight so far. He's onto rack three. There's only 10 seconds left. Time’s up, time’s up! 14 shots in 30 seconds. Come on! Let's see if Demarrion can beat that. And obviously, since he's just a high schooler, he'll have twice as much time as Steph Curry. I really wanna see him do this. Will Demarrion, in front of his whole high school, win this life-changing $100,000? Let's find out. 100 grand on the line. It's alright. Don't give up yet. Remember, you still have double the time. Alright, he made one. 100 bands, man. Lock in! Alright, he's starting to ease into it. Yes! He still has half a minute left. Alright, Demarrion, you're still in this and you have 20 seconds left. Hey, who's gonna win? Alright, he’s gotta hit all these. Last shot! And that's Demarrion 9. Steph Curry 14. That was an honor, man. How'd that feel? All right. - Is, like, your heart going crazy? - Yeah. Steph, what charity do you want us to donate this $100,000 to? The Eat.Learn.Play. Foundation, so it's gonna go to a great, great, great, great cause. Let's go film with one of the most elite racecar drivers on Earth. For our next 1V1, we have two-time Formula champion Dan Ticktum. "Dan Ticktum!" And he's gonna be racing Ronnie. And obviously Ronnie is not an FE driver, so he has to do three laps before Dan does four. If you win, I will give you $100,000. And if you win, I'll donate $100,000 to whatever charity you want. My charity. It's coming to me, baby. It's coming to me. How much money have you lost in our videos? 750K. We about to make it 850K? Well, we'll see. I hope so. Redemption! These two will be strapped into two of the fastest-accelerating single-seater cars on the planet. Out of the billions of cars on Earth, nothing launches faster than these. And we're just giving it to my friend to drive. I'm not listening. Anything that’s gonna make me scared. I'm just driving. No joke, while doing a test lap for this video, I slammed into the wall at multiple Gs of force, so I don't blame him. Pray for me, mama. $100,000 on the line! - Dan, are you ready? Ronnie, are you ready? Let's do it, bro. Oh, Ronnie actually got a faster start. Now Ronnie’s getting destroyed. He’s obliterating him! Yo! This is crazy. Dan is already significantly ahead of Ronnie. - Here they come. - There it is! Oh, he's going so fast. Dan is smoking him! While Ronnie's playing it safe, Dan's literally going 200 miles an hour. Even with the handicap, Dan might blow him out. These things are fast, man. Dan's coming around the turn, we're about to see him on the stretch. Alright, there he is. And Dan's done with lap one. That sounds like a fighter jet. So that was Dan. And Ronnie… Ronnie is very far behind. Where’s Ronnie? I'm coming, I'm coming. Ronnie's finally completed his first lap. There he is! You’re doing good! He's not doing good. Faster! What is he doing? Bro, that's the straightaway. - Ronnie. - I hear you, Jimmy. What’s up, bro? Ronnie, you're getting destroyed. Oh, that was a bad turn. How fast are you guys going? 112… That's already Dan’s second lap, and Ronnie's just finished his first. Speed it up! I'm pushing the throttle all the way down, baby. He’s about to lap you, Ronnie. C'mon baby, we can do this! Go faster! I’m coming, baby. Ronnie, don’t make this so easy! I’m running like Forrest, Jimmy. I’m running like Forrest. I’m coming. Oh no! - See ya! - Oh no, oh no! Dan's already completed his third lap. This is not even close. Alright, I feel good. This last lap's gonna be my best one. When Dan passes this finish line, he wins. They're both on their final lap. Let's go! He’s already finished? What? Dan! You won! 100K! He's jumping in it! In front of Ronnie! In front of you! What charity do you want to donate this money to? Help for Heroes. This is a UK veteran charity. Does that make you feel better, Ronnie? Yeah, I guess so, man. He’s like, “My bank account’s a better cause.” If you thought hat was epic, just wait for the moment later in this video when Neymar 1V1s a random guy. But for our next 1V1, I got a stadium filled with almost 20,000 people and the greatest NBA players of all time to watch this random guy go head-to-head with Damian Lillard, one of only three players ever to score 70+ points in a game. We're gonna see if he can make 1 shot before Damian makes 3. we're gonna give him $100,000. He nervous. Alright, Damian you're up first. One of the best shooters of all time. He actually missed. Anything you want to say to everyone? First try, come on. First try, you can win $100,000 right here. - I go whenever? - Yeah! Go for it. That's 1 of 3. You gotta make 1 before he makes 2 more. 100 grand! Is it game time? Alright, he's going easy on you, clearly. You hear how loud they’re getting. They're getting hyped. Alright surely he’s gonna hit this one. That’ll be 2 out of 3. - Just shoot as high as you can Oh, ok. That's 2 out of 3. He only has to make 1 more. He did it! How's it feel to win $100,000 in front of everyone? This is surreal. I can't thank anybody but my dad. Thank you for the opportunity. Alright, let’s head to the next bit. That was awesome. Up next, we have two-time MVP, six-time All-Star, Aaron Judge. - How's it going, man? - I'm great. And he's gonna be going head to head in a home run derby versus… One of the greatest baseball players the world has ever seen. He is a pitcher's worst nightmare. A Division 2 juggernaut. Aaron Judge's toughest challenge yet will be against... Yeah! Woo! Chandler. - How many career home runs do you have? - One. How many do you have? More than one. Well, 300 is a lot more than just one. In fact, no one in all of baseball has hit more home runs in the past 5 years than this guy. Which is why, to make things even, he's gonna get 10 swings and Chandler's gonna get 20. Might need more than that. You’re supposed to be confident. I'm getting that 100 grand. - Yeah, there we go. - I like it. This is literally the greatest hitter in baseball right now. Chandler doesn't have a chance. Hits 1 of 10 for Aaron Judge. Alright. Ooh, not a home run. He's oh for one. - That's money in my pocket. - Take your time, man. No rush. Oh my God. Oh, there it goes. Oh, that is gone! - Home run, baby. - Oh my God. 1 for 2. He won't do that again, he won’t. Hop them up. He was aiming for the moon with that one. Hey, throw a curve ball. Wait, I think that's warning track. That's not a home run. Where’s the wind at? He's 1 for 4. I might be able to hit one. - That might hit across. - I think we pissed him off. Home run! Alright, we're halfway through, 2 for 5. You got him in the pocket. He's on fire. Hey wait a second. Ok. Thank you. I'm trying to throw him off, you know? Pop fly. It worked. It did. Aaron, I heard you're on T-Mobile, right? Yep. By joining T-Mobile, you instantly get Magenta Status like me and Judge, which comes with tons of premium perks like free in-flight WiFi, hotel discounts, and even a free subscription to MLB.TV so you can watch more stuff like that. That's you! That counts. That's gotta count, right? Yeah. No, of course. Bro, he dinged the top of the fence. 4 for 8. Chandler’s counting, so don't worry. Stop it. T-Mobile Magenta Status will also give you the opportunity to win tickets to the World Series and discounts to thousands of other live events. Just for being a T-Mobile member. Why were you out here? T-Mobile is so much more than your phone carrier. If you wanna sign up, just scan the QR code on Chandler's face. Get it. Alright, let's see this final swing. Yes. 5 for 10. You hit 6 home runs, I wire you $100,000. - And you get to say you beat Aaron Judge! - Let's go! So you’re signing me to the Yankees after. Where's my bat? Alright, swing 1 of 20. Wait, where did that come from? That's you, Karl. That’s you. I don't have my glasses on. And he's almost out of there. Now do that, just hit it 40 feet further. What are you doing swinging at that? That hit off the telephone pole. Is my swing ok? Any tips? - Oh no, no, no, no. - What? Oh, he instantly said, "Nah." Dude, I'm not 6'8". What do you want me to do? I like my chances. Hey, you got it. Heads up. He's going more sideways than over the home run fence. He's only hit 1 of the first 3 swings fair. First baseman catches that one. Hey… That's a double in the gap. It's not what we're looking for, though. Yeah, you gotta pull it. - Hey! - That-a-boy! Oh for 6. Lots of ball game left! I'm trying to swing out of my shoes. You're working the whole field, which I like. Nolan, that’s you. Where is it? This is why we gave him so many swings. That doesn't count. Alright. This is not going well. He's oh for 11. Chandler, you gotta start hitting 'em. No… Chandler, I'm begging you. Chandler, come on. I gave you double the tries. By this point, it was pretty clear that the chances of Chandler catching up were pretty slim. Time out. I'm just a hitting machine. Like, maybe I should just get stronger? I don’t know what do. There's 100 G's on the line. You're oh for 13. So to make this even somewhat of a challenge, if you hit just one home run, I'll give each of you $100,000. I gotta step up right now. Aaron, you have any advice for him? You thought your moment was gonna be against me. Yeah. - Oh, that’s— - I mean, what other chance do I have? Don’t let him do this to you! Alright, come on. We're all rooting for you. Thanks. I knew that if Big Justice could hit 5 home runs, then Chandler, the King of Clutch, could hit just 1. Alright, pitch 14. Wait, is that it? - Hit up! Go up! - He held it. Wait! Ah, that was the warning track. You're close. That might be it. Wait. He was so close. Next one, it’s you! - Nah, don't be swinging that high. - It's a great swing. I appreciate it. A second earlier. No! Bad swing. Karl, that's you. Catch it! Chandler, we just need 1 home run. That might be it. Off the wall. Alright, you have 2 swings left. Come on. Just one. I'm getting lazy. I'm tired. Well, you're gonna have to put everything you've got left into this last swing. You got this. Think of your family, think of everybody. You got this, Chandler! Chandler, you gotta get one, bro. Last swing. It's so close! It was, like, two feet! That's what you get paid to do, right? I get paid to be funny, you get paid to hit home runs. Judge, what charity would you like us to donate this money to? Oh, this will go to the All Rise Foundation. Chandler, don't look at this. Yeah, honestly you should just look away. I mean, I'm glad it's going to the kids, man. That's why I didn't hit any of ‘em. You’re a good guy. Alright. On to the next 1V1. But for this 1V1, we're gonna do something a little bit different. We're gonna see if these 5 contestants can hold their breath longer collectively… than this gentleman. That's it? The World Record Breath-Holder. Are you scared at all of the 5 of them? No, I'm not. Those guys, with all due respect, they uh… I'm cannonballing, first time. I'm gonna try to get as much water out as possible. I could try to drink it. And you still hold the world record? Yes. I started when I was 48. How old are you now? - 60. - Dang! Don't lungs, like, degrade with age? It's like 5 minutes. - Like, you guys got it. - Easily. And if somehow you guys do manage to beat him, I will give you… No! Bring it on in! A brand new Lamborghini. We gotta win this! In the next 20 minutes, this could be your guys's Lamborghini. Wait, 20 minutes? No, you said 5 minutes was his best time. It's like five minutes. You guys got it. This could be your Lamborghini very soon. We will die for this Lamborghini. Contestants! Will both of you get inside the tank? I don't know how to swim, though. Oh, if you don’t know how to swim, you won. Yo, look at him. Look what he's doing. Do that. He's doing breathing techniques. Are you ready? - Yes. - Let’s run it. They are both under the water. Five average dudes versus the greatest breath-holder on the planet. Hey! What? - Five what? - We’re not average! Five slightly-above-average dudes. You guys might win this Lambo. Oh, he's already panicking. What did I say? Stay down there, bro! Dude, that was only 23 seconds! Ed, we're all dying for this. Wait, no. He came up! Get out! Get in there! Wait, I gotta— They are freaking out over there. Meanwhile, he’s just zen-ing out. What? Push him down! No way! It’s only been 45 seconds. These guys quickly realized just how difficult this challenge actually was. They’re already on the third person and it’s only been a minute. Alright, 2 left over here. Before they knew it, they had put all the pressure on their one remaining player. - What is this? - That’s a Lamborghini. No, this is your Lamborghini. It's my Lamborghini. Now, get in there! You got this! You got this! C’mon! C’mon, Raech. Hey, calm down! Wait! Wait! He’s panicking! Wait, is he gonna give up? Oh, no no no no no! Don't let him come up! Time’s up! You guys lost! Don, you're good! You guys only lasted 3 minutes and 13 seconds. Can we make sure he's alive? Don't worry. He was still very much alive. And went on to hold his breath for 11 minutes and 45 seconds. I'm ok! Now that I know this guy is somehow still breathing, I say we go to our final competition before we finish with Neymar. To my right is Joey Chestnut. You'll know him as the winner of literally every hot dog eating contest ever in history. And to my left are 4 Sumo wrestlers. Combined, these behemoths weigh over 1,500 pounds. Whichever side eats the most hot dogs in 10 minutes wins this $100,000. 3, 2, 1… Go. The glizzy contest has now begun. They've each ate half of 1, which means they've technically ate 2. And Joey is already on his fourth. He's already eating at twice the speed, gentlemen. He's going so fast I cannot look away on this one. I don't know how he's doing that. These are all gonna go in his stomach. It's been a minute, and Joey’s already ate 10 hot dogs. And they're on 4, which means individually, they're eating one tenth of the speed of Joey Chestnut. But the Sumo wrestlers aren't giving up yet. This is his twentieth hot dog. He's on number 20. And it's only been 2.5 minutes. Eleven over here by the 4 Sumo wrestlers. Guys, you're very, very close. Just keep eating. You're beating them so badly. Do you wanna tell me what you think of this Feastables chocolate bar? The greatest chocolate on the planet? Here you go. You can chew. Oh! Ok! That’s good! Would you say it’s the world's best chocolate? Oh, yeah! Best in the world. Feastables is available wherever you get your chocolate. For God's sake, go try some! Anyways, forget about the chocolate! Keep eating! I think I'm full at this point. You're full? Is that what you said? Forty seconds remain! It's a close race. Everyone, just shove glizzies in your mouth! Put the glizzies in your mouth! Yes! Hurry! C’mon! Do you want it? Take the wieners out of your mouths. The time is up. This harder more than Sumo! Chandler, how many glizzies did Joey Chestnut eat? 46. If we go over here to the 4 sumo wrestlers, how many did they eat? Thirty three hot dogs. Joey, You won! Can anyone beat this man? What charity do you want me to donate this $100,000 to? Gleaners Food Bank in Indiana. They make sure kids don't go hungry. Are you gonna eat all the food? Nah, I'm gonna make sure the kids are eating plenty of food. You're gonna make sure the kids get the food. - Ok. Now that I’ve given away almost a million dollars, it's time to give away even more in our epic grand finale with Neymar! And now, the moment you've all been waiting for. One of the greatest football players on the planet: Neymar! An international football superstar with 28 championship wins, one Olympic gold medal, and above all, the crown as Brazil's all-time leading goal scorer. He’s gonna be going up against our boy Higor over here. And they're going to be competing for If you win, this money goes straight into your bank account. But if Neymar wins, I will donate it to whatever charity he chooses. - Makes sense? - Yes, sir. Sorry, you lose! Oh, he just said, "You lose!" You're gonna take that? No, definitely not! Ok. Neymar, does that scare you? Ok! As always, the rules of this game are simple. We're gonna start things off with a penalty shootout. If they both score, we're gonna go 15 feet back. And we’re gonna keep going 15 feet back until one of them scores and one of them misses. Who’s shooting first? - Alright. 1, 2… - Rock, paper, scissors, shoot! - I won. - Me first. Yeah, Neymar's first? Put the pressure on me. That’s what you want, right? Easy. Easy! We all knew they were both gonna score, but now let's head 15 feet back. Oh, he's getting serious. He's deemed you're a worthy opponent. He tied his shoe. It doesn't take a football player as coveted as Neymar to nail the first 4 stations of shots. So far, they're both making it look easy. But the fifth station and beyond separates the average from the elite. Eventually this is gonna become hard for them. We will keep going the whole distance on the pitch if we have to. - Now you go first. - Me first? The GOAT said he wanted you to go first. I will go first then. That was your worst shot so far! Alright, Neymar's up! Oh my gosh! Well that literally curved out of the goal and in! I love pressure! How does this compare to playing in the World Cup? Nah! World Cup more pressure. Hey, wait, wait! Before you go, you wanna hold the half a million? Sure thing. You can score this, he misses, and then this is yours. You can beat Neymar, ok? Believe in yourself. Neymar has to score. If he misses, it's a reshoot. Miss it. Alright, let's give him a little space. The goal only counts if it hits the crossbar and goes in. Otherwise, it doesn’t count. Neymar is so good that he doesn't want me to count the goal unless it touches the crossbar and then goes in. Bro, don't miss. C’mon. Don’t miss! C’mon, man! He is lucky Neymar is a forgiving man. Neymar didn't even wait. That was the most nonchalant thing I've ever seen in my life. Alright, for this one I say Neymar goes first. Normally in Neymar shoes, there's a giant world class goalie in goal. Now it's empty. There you are. I'm worried for you, buddy. This could be it. Just aim at that camera over there and then— Neymar is literally coaching him. See! That's it! Easy! See! We are officially at midfield. We'll keep going as long as this takes. Whenever you're ready. Oh, that’s not a goal! Is it? Wait, let's go look. Wait, wait, wait. Get a shot of that. Yeah, it's on the line. The majority of the ball's over the line. How does that work? No, it has to be full! Oh, really? Neymar! Come check this out! Nah, no goal, no goal. Yeah, it's on the line! No goal. On the line! If the ball is still touching the line, it is technically not a goal. And as you can see, it's on the line. That means, if you score, you win. If you score, you won, bro! From midfield, you now have a half a million dollar shot. Yes, sir. Ok! Higor, it's on you. Half a million dollars on the line. The biggest shot of his life. The GOAT Neymar watching. Is Igor clutch? Wait, where did those whales come from? I'm confused. Aw, that's so sweet! Here’s your half a million dollars! - Yes! Let's go! C'mon! - Let's go! Alright! Let's go whale! Ok. Oh, he’s eating him! I don't know what's going on. Subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [99000 likes]: Which athletes should we get next?
  2. @Arifkhan-l8f4k: Mr
  3. @Jonathanguevarra412: Angrbire
  4. @SophiaGerôncio: Neymar e lei brilha
  5. @EmanuellyMoura-j8r: Mano ele chamou o Neymar mesmo veyyyyyy
  6. @coraliemichel3012: Yamal
  7. @MR.L-i1n: EGORIC
  8. @M.Louxtchi: Naymar Brazili
  9. @dbug18: The whale is Santos mascot
  10. @MayshaJannat-g3j: Neymarr joshhhhhh❤❤❤❤
  11. @FritzMabayo: is that wallibear or a doppel
  12. @Zeus-b5y: Mr beast am from GHANA 🇬🇭, where u were crowned Chief. Can I be included in ur next video⚡️🙏⚡️
  13. @larry-doom: Quem é do brasil
  14. @신충조-b1c: 굿,좋아요,사랑해요.
  15. @ChandraKumeti: cricket ka bhi bana do
  16. @Satoru.core_one: Neimamar se dejo 😂
  17. @Exploraelmundo-f3x: Neymar el mejor
  18. @shortclipsbygolden: Hello Mr Beast 
NeymarJr brazilian proud 🔥
  19. @OrangSulawesiKhasHytammm: Why Not Max Verstappen
  20. @griffinshelton1399: Airrack you can’t fool us bro 27:34

- How MrBeast Found His Dream Team | The People Behind The YouTube Empire”: Kind: captions Language: en Narrator tone energetic plus [music] suspenseful. Before beast became the most watched YouTuber in the world. Before the millions of dollars in giveaways and wild challenges, there was one secret ingredient that made everything possible. His team. But how did Jimmy Donaldson, a shy kid from North Carolina, find the perfect group of friends who would help him change YouTube forever. [music] Today, we'll dive deep into how Mer Beast built his unstoppable team and how each member played a role in his rise to fame. In the early days, Jimmy worked completely alone. He'd spend hours, even days, locked in his small bedroom, making videos on a cheap computer, editing until I am, dreaming of one day hitting 1,000 subscribers. [music] He analyzed YouTube's algorithm like a scientist, counting frames, studying trends, and trying to understand what made a video go viral. But despite his dedication, he was missing [music] something connection. He needed people who shared his passion, people crazy enough to film wild ideas, no matter how hard or weird they were. That's when fate began to introduce him to the people who would become his lifelong team attest. The first piece of the puzzle was Chris Tyson, Merbast's childhood friend. They met back in school to kids who loved gaming, humor, [music] and doing ridiculous things. Chris became one of the first people to appear in Jimmy's videos. He was funny, [music] fearless, and always ready for chaos. At first, they made gaming videos together, Minecraft, [music] Call of Duty, random challenges. But soon, their friendship turned into creative chemistry. [music] Chris was the perfect person to balance Jimmy's serious side with humor. While Jimmy thought big, Chris made everything more entertaining. [music] He became the heart of the early Merbast channel, and fans loved his authentic, goofy energy. Next came Chandler Hallow. He wasn't even supposed to be in the videos. He was just a friend hanging out on set. But [music] when someone didn't show up one day, Jimmy asked Chandler to jump in front of the camera. He did, and fans instantly loved him. Chandler's awkward, lovable personality became a major part of the channel's identity. [music] He wasn't a pro YouTuber, but that was the magic people could relate to him. Jimmy saw the potential and kept him [music] in the team. From cleaning challenges to wild competitions, Chandler brought the humor and charm that kept viewers hooked. Then [music] came Carl Jacobs, a name that would become iconic in the Merbast universe. Originally, Carl was working as a cameraman and editor for Merbbeast's friend and fellow YouTuber, Merro Jimmy's brother. But when [music] the team needed an extra hand, Carl stepped in and never left. Carl's creativity, kindness, and unique humor made him instantly stand out. He soon became one of the faces of the Merbast crew. Loved for his imaginative personality. [music] Behind the scenes, Carl also contributed to storytelling ideas and helped shape the vibe of newer videos. He wasn't just a cast member. He became a core creative partner. As the channel exploded, Jimmy needed more help. That's when Nolan [music] Hansen joined the crew, a funny, competitive guy who brought energy and fun every video. Then came Trekk Salame, the mastermind behind the camera. Tar [music] isn't seen much on screen, but he's one of the most important people in the team. He manages production, filming, and ensures every crazy challenge runs smoothly. From milliondoll giveaways to massive projects like [music] Squid Game in real life, TX coordination skills kept the channel running like a welloiled machine. This team wasn't [music] just friends anymore. They were a family. Each person vital to Merbast's success. What made this team [music] special wasn't just talent, it was trust. Jimmy treated his team like brothers. He always shared his vision, his profits, and his [music] gratitude. He often says, "I couldn't do this without my friends." [music] They grew together from shooting in backyards to running one of the biggest YouTube studios [music] in the world. Each person had a role. Chris brought humor, Chandler brought heart, Carl brought creativity, Nolan brought competition, [music] and Trek brought technical brilliance. Together, they became unstoppable. Merbast's [music] journey teaches us something powerful. You can't build an empire alone. Behind every successful [music] person is a team that believes in the dream. Jimmy didn't just find teammates, he found people who shared his purpose. And that's why the Merbeast crew isn't just [music] making videos, they're making history. From one guy in his bedroom to a global phenomenon. The story of Merbast's [music] team shows how friendship, trust, and shared dreams can change the world. Because sometimes the real treasure isn't the money [music] you win, it's the people you build it with.

- Where Are MrBeast Giveaway Winners Today?: Kind: captions Language: en Mr Beast has given away more than $40 million throughout his 11 years on YouTube with prizes ranging from luxury cars worth over $300,000 to private islands costing almost a million my name's Ryan and we're going to figure out what exactly happened to these eight people who W Mr be's largest giveaways starting with Brianna yay who won a staggering $250,000 cash prize in October of 2023 Jimmy posted a video titled world's deadliest Laser Maze the goal of the game was to navigate nine different mazes with lasers while competing in against nine other people whoever made it past the final round without touching a single laser would take home the grand prize things didn't start off well for Brianna as she nearly got eliminated in the first round oh that was surprisingly close but for the remainder of the challenge Brianna would stay patient and plan out each of her moves before jumping into action a strategy that helped her reach the final stage of the game for the final maze the two contestants had to stand at opposite sides of the room and whoever reached the money in the middle first would be the winner both contestants started strong but before Brianna reached the hardest section of this final maze her opponent made a fatal mistake which cost him the entire [Music] [Applause] challenge because of this Brianna was crowned the winner and claimed the massive $250,000 cash prize after winning the Mr Beast challenge Brianna decided to spend the money by taking her mom back to Vietnam who fled the country over 30 years ago as a chinese vietnamese Refugee she posted her travel videos across YouTube Tik Tok and Instagram and they instantly went viral with one of her Instagram posts receiving over 280,000 likes but that's not all Brianna also gathered the top three contestants from the laser video and took them on a number of different Adventures such as staying the night at a haunted Airbnb extreme laser tag while paragliding and slacklining 100 ft above the ground 5 months later and Brianna is still living the social media life full of dangerous stunts and thrilling adventures and there's no doubt that the money she won from the Mr Beast challenge is making a lot of this possible however while Brianna was busy enjoying her dream life the next contestant Blake hooker was trying his luck again in another Mr Beast challenge for context Blake was the contestant who lost the final Laser Maze challenge against Brianna but despite losing the $250,000 grand prize it seemed that Blake won the hearts of Mr BEAST's audience with the top comment on the Laser Maze video reading perhaps of Blake for actually trying to do the courses and making the challenge more entertaining he should definitely bring him back this comment received over 67,000 likes and apparently Mr Beast himself took notice as just 2 months later Blake was back in another video titled protect $500,000 keep it in this challenge Blake had to protect a stack of $500,000 worth of cash against 20 artillery rounds from five tanks 19 more to go Chandler fire a massive TNT explosion five flaming cars oh my gosh and Fireballs from a full scale catapult get fire Blake started off strong and managed to protect the money from the tanks and massive explosion however just 14 minutes in Blake's Flawless run took a turn money no no no that fire was raging for over an hour and a half it's either all going to be there or it's not going to be there at all that right there is a bunch of logs of wood he accidentally created a giant bonfire he thought he was making a fortress but he was actually making a furnace I mean there's still a chance the concrete protected the money BL Moment of Truth did the cinder blocks protect your money or was the fire just too much oh my god oh no oh oh those are ruined wait hold up the money is fried blade couldn't form a proper defense for the flame cars and Fireballs in time which resulted in the money getting burned this was heartbreaking for Blake as he now lost 3/4 of a million do however when Jimmy offered him the choice between $100,000 or the option to return in another video for a final attempt Blake chose to return this turned out to be the best decision Blake made which was apparent in the video stopped the trrain when a Lamborghini the premise of this video was similar to the last challenge Blake appeared in with only a few key differences which was instead of $500,000 in cash cash Blake's prize was a brand new4 million Lamborghini Huracan with $100,000 cash inside sitting on these train tracks is a quarter million Lamborghini and barreling down on it right now is a massive train but before the impact I'm giving this Lamborghini to Blake thank you and on top of sending the train I'm also going to have these eight soldiers shoot 10,000 bullets at your Lamborghini that's the scariest thing I've ever seen yeah it's going to be fun and you have exactly 24 hours to build whatever you want to protect your Lamborghini from the Blake had to protect the car from 10,000 bullets a 100t drop 10 flaming cars and a speeding train and as the viewers had hoped Blake managed to keep the car safe against all of these threats taking down the Train by derailing it before taking home the Lamborghini oh wait wait wait wait oh derail wait I think it stopped oh my God wa I've never seen someone BR you der oh my God oh my God I did it oh my God this is your new Lamborghini Blake not only did he win the Lamborghini but he also got oldest money he also gained over 400,000 new Instagram followers thanks to his appearance on multiple Mr Beast videos and his charismatic personality now although he hasn't posted any updates since winning the Mr Beast challenge we're sure that he's finally enjoying the win after his two massive losses all Blake had to do is learn from his mistakes which although difficult is much easier than facing weeks of loneliness and isolation experienced by her next Mr Beast winner on December 2nd 2023 Mr Beast uploaded a video titled $10,000 every day you survive in a grocery store as the title suggests the contestant Alex estan would earn $10,000 in cash for every day he stays within a fully stocked grocery store I just bought this entire grocery store which includes enough food to literally feed an entire city and then I decided to trap this random guy inside and every day you live here I will give you $10,000 in a grocery cart that's wild dude let's go and while everyone including Alex s the challenge would be extremely easy Mr Beast included a Twist that would change everything to receive the daily $10,000 you need to give me $10,000 in product from the store and so you have to strategize what order to get rid of these items to stay here as long as possible oh wow regardless Alex remained determined and quickly devised a plan on what stuff to get rid of first he started with items he had no use of such as electronics and Pet Food Alex even used the empty shelves to build a functioning shower within the grocery store damn there it is shower's done it seemed like Alex was nailing The Challenge and while he certainly started strong as the days went on the real challenges of the video became apparent boredom and loneliness Alex was starting to miss his family and the feelings became even stronger after he got to spend time with them on the 30th day of the challenge love you love you bye buddy I love you heart Break by day 43 Alex had given up his original plan of earning a million dollar and was ready to throw in the towel and just 2 days later he left with a whopping $450,000 for his 45 days stay Alex the second you step on the red it's over I can move all the money back and we can keep going it's your decision all right bring it back in okay bring it back in just kidding immediately after receiving the money from Mr Beast Alex started executing part of the plan he crafted during the video starting with a $7,000 Ford Ranger next he did some Mr be style giveaways like paying for every purchase in a shoe store for the buyer choose for you if that's all right are you me no 100% oh my God that's awesome yeah perfect okay and tipping hundreds of dollars to staff and other strangers plus some friends and family totaling up to $7,500 in giveaways on top of the journeys and the PS5 I was able to give back another $3,500 in cash and prizes to people on my YouTube channels through random giveaways and of course he also paid off his $100,000 in debt which included some credit cards and his wife student loans and then has a student loan1 to $12,000 and that's going to be paid off yay are you excited so excited we paid off $100,000 in debt that we had Alex also spent over100 Grand on the $800,000 house he was building before he even got invited to do the Mr Beast video and moved there very recently with his wife and kids after its completion why not we passed the final final are you serious we get to move in are you kidding no can we move in right now right now we I know in addition to these Alex invested $60,000 into his real estate company and stocks plus an extra $10,000 to fund Future YouTube content so that concludes where I'm putting the bulk of our investments and that is in real estate my real estate company stock market and of course YouTube that I want to continue to grow and create content for you guys and plan on putting out weekly videos from here on out and finally he took his family to a luxury vacation across Europe for $155,000 bringing his total spendings up to 300,000 as for the remaining 150,000 Alex had to put that away for taxes while solving his financial problems seemed effortless Alex faced a different challenge after the Mr Beast competition because his solitary confinement in that grocery store destroyed his usual routine and left him with a bunch of pending tasks Alex was struggling to get back to his normal Rhythm so to regain sense of control Alex posted a video titled life has gotten crazy in the video Alex out steps to reestablish his routine like getting back to the gym and handling taxes and while Alex's journey is quite intriguing he isn't the only one to spend weeks locked in a building in a Mr Beast video because the same is true for our next winner Susie Taylor Just 2 weeks after the Alex video went live Mr Beast uploaded another video with a similar challenge but with a simple twist instead of being alone suie would have to spend 100 days confined to an isolation chamber with a total stranger the premise of the challenge was simple if they both match manag to spend the whole 100 days in the chamber they'd both win $500,000 but even if one of them left the room the other would lose everything as well by the final day of the challenge Susie had become close friends with the other contestant so Mr Beast presented the hardest challenge to the pair by threatening the very fabric of their newly formed friendship he introduced a game known as split or steal a test with the potential to either cement their friendship or destroyed completely 100 days ago they were strangers 1 hour ago they were best friends let's see if they be come total enemies hay and Susie take your blindfolds off so you might be familiar with what we're about to offer you you each have the choice to split the money and nothing changes you both hit split you just split it keep what you have or if you hit steel you can steal the other person's money and if you both hit steel you would get nothing suie decided to put her trust in the other contestant and chose to split the money and this is what happened if the room turns red then someone stole if the room turns green then you split the money you both chose split her trust paid off netting her $180,000 in cash she spent a chunk of this money helping out homeless people Cindy I wanted to give you something else too it's not a lot but just to put towards whatever else oh buying all the bouquet from a street vendor how much do you have left just those can I buy all of them oh I want all of them all total and gifting her parents 15 grand for an anniversary holiday trip right and I know I wanted to present to you a little check this is it Susie also received 8.8 million views and over 200,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel she used this attention to Kickstart her online career with her YouTube and Tik Tok videos receiving hundreds of thousands of views per month her current videos are a blend between Mr be style challenge videos and dating content to might find on massive channels like Jubilee she's also living the quintessential influencer lifestyle in La filled with parties and travel unfortunately the online career of her fellow contestant Bailey Stanfield wasn't nearly as successful Bailey was the second participant in the video Sur 500 Days trapped with 500 Grand and he went through the same ordeal as Susie in a Q&A on su's YouTube channel he revealed that a part of him wanted to steal the money to increase the drama in the Mr Beast video and then send Susie her cut of the winnings later like almost the piece of me was was like imagine i' do it for the bit and then like Vin Mill you after except he backed out of this plan because he didn't want them to lose everything if Susie chose to steal as well and he was certain that the backlash from the fans would get him canceled on social media speaking of which Bailey also received tons of online support with his YouTube channel receiving over 2 million views and more than 20,000 new subscribers similarly his Instagram followers also went up by 135,000 after the Mr Beast video on live when asked about his future plans in the QA with Susie he said that he also plans to continue making YouTube videos to gr's channel unfortunately luck wasn't on his side in this endeavor you see unlike Susie's Channel Bailey's YouTube content fell off rather quickly after the Boost from the Mr Beast video went away his latest video can we guess the name brand products received only 4,100 views despite his Channel having over 50,000 subscribers and he hasn't uploaded a video in over a month which makes some fans wonder if he's quit YouTube completely professional life aside though what most fans are interested in is his relationship with Susie they both seem to have great chemistry during their Mr Beast video and many speculate they're already dating given their frequent appearances in each other's content though nothing has been confirmed yet most fans are also wholeheartedly rooting for these two to get together with some of the comments on Bailey's Instagram posts reading bro just marry her but some feel these efforts disrespect Bailey and su's friendship when will we live in a world where it's acceptable to have a friend that's a boy or girl and not think they need to be together they love their chemistry as friends whatever the reality is time will tell whether fans get to see a romance Blossom between these once strangers turn friends but one Mr Beast winner that already showed a romantic happy ending is Josh the snake Josh was a participant in the video Mr Beast uploaded in April of 2022 titled $10,000 every day you survive prison the premise of this challenge was quite similar to the one with Alexa ston all Josh had to do was stay as long as possible in an isolation chamber and he would get 10 grand for every day he spends in the room and similar to Alex Josh also thought The Challenge would be extremely easy especially since his room was knitted out with amenities like a massage chair an ice cream machine video games and even a private Chef to cook whatever he wanted ridiculous let's try this oh my God this is the best thing I've ever but before he could get too excited Mr Beast revealed The Twist of The Challenge on day two when I give you the $10,000 like this you have to let me take one item from this room in other words staying in that room would get increasingly difficult as time goes on just a week into the challenge and Josh was already starting to become a bit agitated from the boredom he even broke the drum set just to get some rage out of his system oh no however things would only get worse from here by the time day 19 rolled around Josh's room was completely unrecognizable from where it started giving away one item a day also left Josh with only the guitar for entertainment however on the 22nd day of the challenge the string on the guitar broke which was the final push Josh needed to be done with this challenge he got angry and started breaking the guitar but his rage quickly turned into sheer happiness when he found $100,000 check hidden inside woo oh that felt good what is this what is this a check for 100 grand W let's go this brought up his total winning so whopping 340 Grand though before Mr Beast handed him the check Josh did something that stole the hearts of many viewers he got on one knee and proposed to his girlfriend of 8 years I want to spend the rest of my life with you and I want to grow old with you and uh I need to ask you a question oh my God will you marry me yes this ending just made the already fun video a lot more heartwarming which is partly why it's sitting at over 200 million views today unfortunately the Sweet Taste of this video almost turned sour when Mr Beast got accused of endangering Josh his physical and mental health reviews but before things got out of hand Josh posted a video clarifying that his mental and physical health were never in danger and I can assure you that they had people watching over me 24/7 making sure that I was never in any danger physically or mentally later Josh would use the money he earned from the MR be challenge to purchase a gorgeous home for his family and in December of last year he finally married his girlfriend and celebrated the occasion to the fullest well the current whereabouts of Josh is a bit unknown since he doesn't post much on social media we can safely assume that he's enjoying life to the fullest with the money he won for Mr Beast interestingly enough not all Mr Beast winners end up with a huge cash prize as a reward won by zealous was a bit more unique zealous a young American YouTuber participated in the Mr Beast video titled get this random person to 1 million subscribers it featured four small YouTubers and the challenge was to keep your hand on a glass box with a diamond play button inside for as long as possible and the last man standing would receive a shout out from Mr Beast himself this was a once in a-lifetime opportunity for everyone so much so that after 25 hours three of them still had their hand on the glass box so Mr Beast decided to up the antie you now with your off hand have to hold a gold play button while keeping your hand on the diamond play button at the same time if you drop the golden play button or it touches the ground in any way you're out but even then none of them were willing to budge so Jimmy had to make the challenge even harder by raising the glass box to 6.5 ft forcing them to keep their arms up the entire challenge Jimmy also restricted their standing positions by making a boundary on the ground with tape and this time it worked two of the three remaining contestants got eliminated by going over this line and after standing for over 33 hours Zealot secured the win and received his prize all right go subscribe get him to a million subscribers because I said he would get it and if he doesn't I'm a liar and I'd feel bad the shout out from Mr Beast showed immediate effect Zeus's very next video received over 11 million views not wasting any time zeis capitalized on this opportunity by posting high quality videos more frequently than does effort paid off his YouTube channel currently has over 4.1 million subscribers and over 500 million views in total three of his videos even went incredibly viral with more than 20 million views each his current content is mostly focused on recreating stunts and poses from popular media franchises like Spider-Man Mario and Sonic which admittedly is a fun concept a no two oh three baby oh dude did I do it however while zeel managed to build a great Online Career for himself our next winner had no interest in the fame that comes with winning a Mr Beast challenge video in August of last year Mr Beast hosted the extreme Olympics with one contestant from every single country on Earth including our winner Al alal lagi from Libya all of these contestants had to compete in five different challenges such as an obstacle course gymnastics fencing and penalty kicks the winner of all of these challenge would receive a massive gold medal after emerging Victorious against 200 participants Mr Beast gave Allah the solid gold medal with A4 million doar that said he didn't take the medal home and opted to receive the prize in cash instead which is understandable and as we mentioned earlier alw also had zero interest in getting famous from his appearance he only made a single post on his Instagram thanking God for his win and demonstrating his true goal representing his home country in a positive light I am proud that I let the world know how to pronounce the name of our country and know its location on the map and know that we can win as for what happened with the prize money we don't know for certain but given Allah's adventurous travel filled lifestyle we're sure that he's enjoying the fruits of his win to the fullest

  Top Comments:
  1. @OliverDoc [5 likes]: POV ppl right now in 2025 and 67 is an meme
  2. @harumitjhie1883 [3 likes]: 2:30 67
  3. @Exeptic_1708 [2 likes]: So funny bro 2:30
  4. @tempotempest1780 [2 likes]: 2:30 how many likes????
  5. @BanTheCrookedBlueLine [2 likes]: Living their pampered rich kid lives with mommy and daddy/family, just like they were before the challenges
  6. @RichiePlaysblox [1 likes]: What about me
  7. @Shabooziii [1 likes]: Who is here after suzie and bf vid?😂
  8. @monkeyluffy01524: 2:30 67
  9. @SharpnessSword: I would love a part 2 to this video, update
  10. @Weho2: 21:00 Yes thank god for sending athiest MrBeast over lol
  11. @kellylestig4941: Who cares where they are, I’m not one of them, so why should I care? Why should I care what other people have and don’t have?
  12. @EllasMagicalworldoflove2026: You said 67
  13. @maartenwilken3429: @MR BEAST  YOU A SCAMMER STELA FROM PEOPLE , YOU MAKE US PAY TO GET THE YOUTUE WATCHING THING AND THEN WHEN YOU SUPPOSE TO PAY OUT WHAT WE GENERATE #2500 AND $3000 YOU A SCAMMER YOU WIL REGRET IT YOU MIGHT BE THE BIGGEST STREAMER BUT YOU A SCAMMER FRAUDSTER
  14. @NathanSmith-zl6uq: pretty sure Bailey was working for MrBeast, i remember he was in older videos
  15. @Temidayo_Graphics: As A Nigerian Living in Nigeria I've won almost $2,000 from Mr beast giveaway. I invested it in a new laptop, phone and the rest in my career as a graphic designer and video editor. Evere since then my life has never remained the same. 

I now easily make 6 figures a month with my skills and can now afford the things I couldn't afford before.

I think God used Mr beast to bless me. I'm grateful and I will never forget the happiness and joy in my heart the day I received the money. 😅 I had to slap myself to confirm if I'm not dreaming.
  16. @RichiePlaysblox: Anyone in 2025
  17. @EandSReviews: Why the hell would he put wood around it
  18. @mrfoxfacts: Hard to believe this has been out for over a year and I’m only seeing it now. Such great footage, really glad I found it!
  19. @cozyyythelezbian: he’s sometimes knows the people he picks if you look into it he uses alot of people he personally knows
  20. @cozyyythelezbian: idk if it’s just me but the videos i’ve always seen of his are majority white people and the winners and challenges are always white people i find it really annoying especially knowing how he used to talk about black people back in the day 😒

- MrBeast: The $1,000,000 Giveaway — The Viral Motivational Speech That Changed Everything: Kind: captions Language: en I'll never forget the day I gave away $1 million for the very first time. Not because of the number on the check, not because of the cameras or the headlines, but because in that moment, everything I had worked for finally made sense. Years of grinding in silence, years of sacrificing every dollar I had, years of being told I was insane, it all led to that one act. And when I watched the look on someone's face as I handed them life-changing money, I realized that was the day I truly became who I am. That was the day my channel stopped being about me and started being about Impact. Now, giving away a million dollars sounds glamorous, but let me tell you, it was terrifying. Up until then, I had poured every single penny I earned back into my videos. I wasn't buying flashy cars. I wasn't stacking money in the bank. I was reinvesting like a maniac. Every time I made money, I thought, "How can I use this to make an even crazier video?" So, when the idea came up to give away $1 million, I knew this wasn't just another stunt, this was a defining moment because once you cross that line, there's no going back. Once you hand over that kind of money, you can't ever shrink your vision again. I remember sitting with my team scribbling numbers on a whiteboard, trying to figure out how to even pull it off. The logistics were insane. How do you give away a million dollars in a way that feels entertaining, unforgettable, and real? How do you film it so people don't think it's fake? How do you actually manage the taxes, the planning, the sheer scale of it? We had no blueprint. Nobody on YouTube had ever done something like this before. But that was the beauty of it. We weren't following footsteps. We were making new ones. And here's the truth. I was scared out of my mind. I thought, "What if this doesn't work? What if people think it's staged? What if the video flops and all this money disappears into thin air?" But then another voice in my head got louder. It said, "Jimmy, this is exactly why you have to do it. Because it scares you. Because it's risky? because it's insane. And that's the whole point. You don't make history by playing it safe. You don't inspire millions by doing what everyone else is doing. You have to take the leap, even if it means falling flat on your face. When the day finally came, it didn't feel real. A million dollars. Do you know how insane that number is? As a kid, I used to dream about making a hundred bucks off YouTube, then maybe a thousand. Now, I was about to give away a number so big that it didn't even feel like money anymore. It felt like possibility. Every stack of bills was a door opening, a life-changing, a new story being written. And I wasn't just giving it away. I was sharing it with the world. Millions of people watching online, living the moment with us, feeling the impact second by second. The reactions were priceless. Shock, disbelief, tears, laughter. Nobody expects to have their life turned upside down in an instant. And that's exactly what happened. And while the recipients were blown away, so was I. Because in that moment, I realized this wasn't about views or clicks or even YouTube anymore. This was about proving that generosity could be entertaining. That kindness could scale. That giving wasn't just something you did in private. It could be a movement. But make no mistake, it wasn't easy money to give away. It represented years of grind, years of reinvesting, years of sacrifice. It was a million-doll reminder of every failure, every long night, every video that nobody watched. And yet handing it over didn't feel like losing anything. It felt like gaining everything. Cuz what I got in return wasn't money. It was identity. It was clarity. It was the moment I knew exactly who I was and what this channel was going to be about for the rest of my life. People don't realize how much trust it takes to give away something like that. When you hand over a million dollars, you're betting on the audience. You're betting that people will see the value, feel the authenticity, and share the experience. You're betting that they'll understand this isn't a gimmick. It's real. And when the video dropped, the reaction proved the bet was worth it. The internet exploded. Headlines everywhere. People couldn't believe a YouTuber had actually done it. And that disbelief turned into loyalty, into energy, into a wave that carried the channel higher than ever before. What hit me the hardest wasn't the hype. It was the ripple effect. Thousands of comments from people saying they were inspired to give, even in small ways. stories of viewers tipping waitresses more than usual, helping out strangers, starting their own challenges in their communities. That's when I knew we had tapped into something bigger than views. We had turned giving into entertainment. And that was a revolution. Of course, behind the scenes, it was chaos. People see the final video and think it's all fun and smooth, but the planning, the stress, the logistics, it was a nightmare. making sure everything was legal. Making sure the recipients actually got the money. Making sure the filming captured the emotion without ruining it. It stretched us to the limit. There were moments when I thought we'd bitten off more than we could chew. But then I remembered that's the point. If it's not stretching you, it's not growing you. And I wasn't here to play small. Handing over that money changed me in ways I didn't expect. It stripped away any leftover fear I had about going allin. After that day, I knew I could never have commit again because I had proof that the bigger the risk, the bigger the reward. Not just financially, but emotionally, culturally, globally. That video wasn't just content. It was a statement, a declaration of what this channel stood for. Scale, creativity, generosity, and an unbreakable work ethic. Looking back, I realized that moment was a turning point. Before, I was just a creator trying to grow. after I became a creator with a mission. The mission wasn't just to entertain. It was to impact, to inspire, to reinvent what was possible on this platform. And the crazy thing is it all started with a single decision to give when it would have been easier to keep, to risk when it would have been safer to save. To bet on impact instead of comfort. I can't even put into words how powerful that realization was. Because once you see the effect of giving at that scale, you can't go back. You can't shrink. You can't tell yourself that's enough. It becomes an addiction not to money, not to fame, but to impact. And that's why I always say the day I gave away $1 million was the day I became who I am because it crystallized everything I had been working toward. It gave me clarity that no amount of views or subscribers ever could. The truth is, the money wasn't the real prize. The real prize was the connection it created with the people who received it, with the millions of viewers who watched it and with myself as I finally saw the bigger picture of why I was doing all this in the first place. That's what made it priceless. That's what made it unforgettable. So, if you're sitting there wondering what it takes to hit your own million-dollar moment, here's the answer. sacrifice, obsession, the willingness to risk it all when the world tells you to play safe, the courage to give when everyone else is hoarding, and the faith to believe that if you pour everything you have into something meaningful, the impact will come back 10fold. That's what I learned that day. That's what shaped me, and that's what will drive me for the rest of my life. Because giving away $1 million wasn't about losing money. It was about gaining purpose. And purpose is the one thing you can't buy, but the one thing that makes every dollar worth it. After the camera stopped rolling that day, after the dust settled from giving away a million dollars, I remember sitting there in silence. Everyone around me was buzzing with excitement. The crew couldn't believe we had actually pulled it off. The recipients were still in shock and the internet was exploding with disbelief. But me, I just sat there and thought, "Okay, now what?" Cuz when you do something that massive, something the world didn't think was possible, the real question isn't how you celebrate, it's how you top it. And in that moment, I knew my life and my channel would never be the same again. What most people don't see is how quickly a milestone like that can turn into pressure. Before the million-doll giveaway, people clicked on my videos because they were curious about what kind of crazy stunt I would try next. But after that video, curiosity turned into expectation. The audience didn't just want to be entertained anymore. They wanted to be shocked. They wanted to be floored. They wanted to see me push further, harder, and crazier than before. And honestly, I felt the same way. Once I had crossed that line, I couldn't imagine going back to smaller ideas. Playing it safe wasn't an option. That realization hit me like a brick. The million-doll giveaway wasn't just a video. It was a declaration. It told the world that this channel wasn't afraid to take risks on a scale that didn't even seem real. And it told me that if I was going to keep growing, if I was going to stay true to who I had become, I had to double down. I had to chase bigger dreams, crazier builds, and more audacious acts of generosity than anyone had ever seen before. That wasn't just my new strategy. It was my new identity. But let me be real with you. Behind all the hype, I was terrified. Giving away that money meant putting everything on the line. If the video had flopped, it could have bankrupted us. If people thought it was fake, it could have destroyed our credibility. And if we couldn't followed up with something equally impactful, it could have ended the momentum we had worked so hard to build. That fear sat in the back of my mind like a shadow. But instead of running from it, I used it as fuel. Fear can paralyze you or it can energize you. I chose the second option. The first step was figuring out how to keep generosity fresh. Because here's the thing, money alone doesn't make a video great. People don't tune in just to see dollar signs. They tune in to see stories, to feel something, to experience shock and joy and disbelief. So, I knew I had to reinvent the way we gave. It wasn't enough to hand someone a bag of cash. We had to build moments. We had to wrap generosity and creativity so that every video felt like an event, not just a transaction. That's when the idea started flowing. Giant challenges with cash prizes, survival games where the winner walked away with life-changing money, contests where friends, strangers, or even entire communities could win something insane. Those ideas didn't just appear out of nowhere. They came from long nights of brainstorming with my team, from scribbles on whiteboards, from failed experiments and scrapped concepts. We would sit for hours asking ourselves, "What's the craziest way we can give this away? What would make people laugh? What would make them cry? But what would make them say, "I can't believe this is real." That process was exhausting. But it was also electric cuz every time we cracked an idea that felt impossible, we knew we were on to something that could change the game again. And trust me, the logistics were brutal. Giving away $1,000 is easy. Giving away a car is doable, but giving away massive sums of money or outrageous prizes means lawyers, taxes, shipping, contracts, insurance, you name it. We had to deal with it. We were writing the rulebook as we went. There were no templates, no examples to copy. We were building this machine from scratch, one challenge at a time. And every time we figured it out, we got stronger, smarter, and bolder. What kept me sane through all of that was the reactions. Because nothing, and I mean nothing, compares to the look on someone's face when you hand them something that changes their life. That shock, that joy, that flood of emotions. It's priceless. And when you capture it on camera, when you share it with millions of people around the world, you create a ripple effect. Suddenly, generosity isn't just happening in the video, it's happening everywhere. Viewers start giving more in their own lives. They start seeing kindness as exciting, as powerful, as something worth talking about. That ripple effect was what made all the stress worth it. But here's the flip side. When you set the bar that high, the bar becomes a weight. Every upload after that million-dollar giveaway carried the question, "Will this be enough?" And sometimes it wasn't. There were videos where we invested massive amounts of time and money and the views didn't match the effort. There were times when I sat in my room staring at the numbers, wondering if we were losing our edge. Those moments hurt. They made me question myself, but they also made me sharper. Cuz every failure is data. Every flop is a teacher. And instead of letting them break me, I let them train me. The team grew with the vision. What started as a handful of friends quickly became an army of people working behind the scenes. Builders, editors, planners, producers, every role expanded as the ideas got bigger. And managing that wasn't easy. Leadership isn't just about making decisions. It's about carrying the weight of everyone's expectations, about setting the tone, about being the one who works hardest so nobody else has an excuse. I knew that if I slacked even for a second, the whole machine could slow down. So, I made sure I outworked everyone every single day. At times, it was overwhelming. 16-our days, 7-day weeks, months where life was nothing but filming, editing, planning, and problem solving. There were sacrifices, social life, downtime, sleep. But I didn't care cuz every time I saw the impact we were making, every time I saw someone's life flipped upside down in the best way possible, it reminded me why I was doing it. Impact became my fuel. Generosity became my obsession and the audience became my partner in all of it. The crazy part is the haters only made me hungrier. People said the giveaways were fake. They said the money wasn't real. They said it was all stage. And instead of getting angry, I laughed because while they were busy doubting, we were busy delivering. While they were typing comments, we were changing lives. And every time someone said there's no way he can keep this up, it made me want to go even bigger. Doubt wasn't a wall. It was fuel. That's the lesson I carried with me after the million-dollar giveaway. The bigger the risk, the bigger the impact. Playing it safe doesn't inspire anyone. Keeping money for yourself doesn't change the world. But risking everything, your resources, your energy, your sanity for something bigger than yourself. That's where greatness lives. That's what transforms a YouTube video into a movement. And once you've tasted that, you can't go back. Looking back, I realized that moment wasn't about the money at all. It was about identity. It was about drawing a line in the sand and saying, "This is who I am. This is what this channel stands for. This is the kind of impact we're going to make." And from that day forward, everything we did had to live up to that promise. Bigger challenges, bigger risks, bigger generosity. Not because the audience demanded it, but because I demanded it of myself. So, if you're chasing your own version of a million-dollar moment, here's the truth. It won't come from playing it safe. It won't come from waiting for the perfect time. It won't come from dipping your toe in and quitting when it gets hard. It comes from obsession, from sacrifice, from being willing to risk it all for the chance to create something bigger than yourself. And when you finally hit that moment, when you finally cross that line, you'll realize the same thing I did. The reward isn't in what you gain, it's in who you become. When I think about everything that came after the million-doll giveaway, it almost feels unreal. That one video wasn't just content, it was a pivot point. It was like flipping a switch and turning my entire channel into something new. Suddenly, the world saw me differently. I wasn't just the kid who made crazy challenges anymore. I was the guy who gave away a million dollars. And once you carry that label, once you set that bar, you can't ever go back. You can't shrink. You can't get comfortable. You have to keep climbing. The crazy thing was that moment didn't make me relax. It made me hungrier. Most people would hit a milestone like that and think, "I've done it. I can slow down now. But for me, it was the exact opposite. I thought, if 1 million changes everything, imagine what 10 million could do. Imagine what 100 million could do. Imagine what happens if I never stopped pushing. It wasn't about the money anymore. It was about impact, about scale, about proving that generosity could be limitless if you worked hard enough and risk big enough. But the higher you climb, the heavier the weight gets. After the million-dollar giveaway, every idea I had carried a question. Is this big enough? Will this blow people's minds? Will this set a new bar or will it feel like a step backward? That pressure was real and it forced me to get smarter, to get more creative, to push my imagination further than I thought possible. Because if I wasn't willing to push myself, the audience wouldn't stick around. They wanted bigger, they wanted crazier, they wanted to be shocked again, and I had to deliver. That's when I started thinking in terms of reinvention. Giving away money straight up was powerful, but it couldn't be the only thing. If we just handed out cash over and over, people would get used to it. The magic would fade. So, I had to wrap generosity and storytelling. I had to find ways to make every giveaway feel like an experience, a journey, a spectacle. That's why you saw us building massive challenges, setting up insane competitions, and creating worlds where money wasn't just given, it was earned in the wildest, most entertaining ways imaginable. And let me tell you, those builds were no joke. We went from small setups to giant productions that look like they belonged in Hollywood. Entire sets designed for one video. Huge props, massive arenas, challenges so complex they took weeks to plan. Behind the scenes, it was chaos blueprints, budgets, schedules, 100 things going wrong at once. But that chaos was the price of scale. And every time we pulled it off, every time we turned an impossible idea into reality, it reminded me that this was exactly what I was meant to do. The reactions made it all worth it. Not just from the winners, though those moments were incredible seeing someone break down in tears, realizing their life had just been changed forever. But also from the audience, millions of people watching around the world, gasping, laughing, cheering, feeling the rush of generosity as if it were happening to them. That connection was bigger than any paycheck. It was proof that impact could travel through a screen and land in hearts everywhere. But with every win came more doubt from outsiders. People accused us of faking it, of staging it, of using smoke and mirrors. And instead of letting that negativity bring me down, I let it drive me. Because the best answer to doubt is proof. The best response to hate is results. So every time someone said, "There's no way he can keep this up," I made sure the next video was even bigger. Every time they said, "This is unsustainable. I found a way to scale it higher." Doubt wasn't a roadblock. It was fuel. The more we pushed, the more the channel grew, and soon the ripple effect started to spread. Other creators began experimenting with giveaways. Some started challenges. Some started giving back to their audiences. Some tried to copy the formula outright. And honestly, I loved it because to me, that was proof of concept. It meant the idea had broken through. It meant we weren't just making videos anymore. We were shaping culture. We were turning generosity into a trend. And even if some people did it for clout, the truth is lives were still being changed. That ripple was bigger than me. And it was unstoppable. But don't think for a second that any of this was easy. The workload skyrocketed. The budgets ballooned. The stakes grew higher every single day. There were nights I lay awake wondering if I was pushing too far, wondering if one wrong move could make the whole thing collapse. That fear never went away, but I learned to live with it. In fact, I learned to love it because fear is proof that you're doing something bold. And if you're not scared, you're not dreaming big enough. The truth is the million-doll giveaway wasn't the peak, it was the blueprint. It taught me that generosity could be entertainment, that risk could be strategy, and that the bigger the gamble, the bigger the story. From that day forward, everything we did was built on those lessons. Every new video had to shock, had to inspire, had to leave people saying, "I can't believe that just happened." And as exhausting as that was, it was also exhilarating because when you live at the edge of impossible, every day feels alive. Looking back, I realized that giving away that million didn't just shape my channel, it shaped me. It taught me discipline because you can't gamble resources at that level without being calculated. It taught me resilience cuz not every massive idea works out. It taught me leadership because building a team capable of pulling this off meant inspiring them with my energy, my vision, and my refusal to quit. And most importantly, it taught me purpose. Because once you experience the power of impact, once you see lives change before your eyes, you can never settle for anything less. People ask me all the time, "How do you keep going? How do you keep topping yourself?" The answer is simple, but not easy. I work harder than ever. I never stop pushing. I never let myself think I've made it because the second you believe you've arrived, you start dying. Success isn't a finish line. It's fuel. It's proof that you can go even further, even faster, even bigger. And that mindset is what keeps me moving forward. So, if you're sitting there dreaming of your own version of a million-dollar moment, here's what you need to hear. It won't happen by accident. It won't happen by luck. It won't happen by waiting. It happens when you put in the hours nobody else will. When you risk what nobody else dares to risk. When you stay obsessed long after everyone else has given up. That's the secret. Not talent, not luck. Just relentless, insane work ethic fueled by a vision so big it scares you. The day I gave away $1 million, I didn't just change someone else's life. I changed my own. I stepped into the identity I had been building all along. The creator who would risk everything to give everything. And that identity has guided me through every challenge, every failure, every success since. Because no matter how high the numbers climb, no matter how massive the builds get, no matter how insane the risks feel, I know exactly who I am and what I stand for. And that clarity is more valuable than any prize. That's why I say it over and over. The million-doll giveaway wasn't about money. It was about purpose. It was about realizing that impact is the real prize. That generosity is the ultimate flex. and that the best way to inspire the world is to show them what happens when you give without holding back.

- Investigating the Mr. Beast Gambling Scam...: Kind: captions Language: en Boys, I'm about to drop the biggest expose on YouTube because Mr. Beast is promoting gambling to kids on Discord by giving them a $2500 bonus. Uh, now before I get sued by Mr. Beast, this is actually a scam that steals thousands of dollars. It's not run by Mr. Beast. But while the scam seems really obvious, it's anything but normal because people don't know how they got hacked. So, I'm going to explain how your friends got hacked, and I'm going to show you exactly how the scam works because the scammers accidentally leaked their own scam. Now, before we get super deep into that stuff, let's at least figure out how the scam works. But chances are, if you've been on Discord, one of your friends with a room temperature IQ has probably sent you a DM out of nowhere, even though you told them to never talk to you again after your little Roblox beef. Now, is it their apology letter? No. It's them letting you know that the world famous YouTuber, Mr. Beast is launching an exciting new challenge. He has offered a unique promotional offer on his new website, jetscast.com. If you don't know Jetscast, you're obviously not a true Mr. Beast fan. I'm talking out of my ass. I don't know what this website has no relation to Mr. Beast. But using the code DRX, you can instantly claim a $2500 sign. Yeah, I really don't know who falls for this because the dollar sign is not even in the right spot. But the thing I want to point out is that it's not just I'm not talking about just jetscast.com. This scam the name of the website changes as many times as I have a midlife crisis every 5 minutes. Vega.com kaziccast.com with code beast. Xanderbet.com. Now this one's a little different. It's Mr. Beast's Twitter telling you to go to razorobet.com. Now this is obviously a scam. You're not going to just get $2500 out of nowhere. But there is a reason why people fall for the scam. But before I visit the critically acclaimed and endorsed by Mr. Beast himself, that is a joke. Mr. Beast, don't sue me. But before I go to potwex.com, I need to make sure I have this video's partner, NordVPN, turned on. You saw this coming from a mile away. Now, recently, the UK government passed the Online Safety Act, where if you live in the UK, you are now forced to verify your age if you want to watch a certain type of video. But by using NordVPN, you can change which country websites think you're in. And now when you visit that uh that website, you aren't forced to take a photo of your beautiful face. Now for everyone else that doesn't have to worry about buying a television license, changing your country with NordVPN allows you to bypass region blocked content or get a whole new version of Netflix with region specific shows. Now, for me, as a chronically online Discord user, I use NordVPN for two main reasons. The first reason is that whenever I cover a sketchy scam website like Potwex.com, I use NordVPN to hide my IP from the scammers. because if I didn't hide my IP, the scammers would dodo me off the internet as revenge for exposing their scam where they steal thousands of dollars from innocent people. But the second reason why I use NordVPN is that whenever I get banned off a Discord server, if I try joining on an alt account, I'm still banned. And that's because Discord will IP ban you from the server. But if I turn on NordVPN, my IP will change and I'm right back in the server, which is actually really helpful for investigating bad Discord servers. I've had to do this a couple times. Now, if any of NordVPN's features seem appealing to you and you want to support the channel, click my link in the description, nordvpn.com/notexte. And if you use my link, nordvpn.com/noexttospech, you get four bonus months with a purchase of a 2-year plan. And the nice thing is that if you don't like NordVPN, you have a 30-day money back guarantee again at nordvpn.com/noexttospech. Bye-bye, NordVPN. I love you. Anyways, now that I have recuperated my gambling money that I lost from this website, oh yeah, that's what I was talking about. When I visit this website, the reason why people believe it is that first, Mr. Beast is giving me a hug, welcoming into his warm embrace. I'm fantasizing. He's welcoming me to this website, which just by seeing that you can play or withdraw. It is a gambling website. It's time for me to register. Congratulations. Your reward of $2500 has been successfully received. That's enough money to get you a clapped out 2004 base model Toyota Echo Red. Now, here's the thing. Someone giving you $2,500 for free seems completely unreasonable because it it never happened. But where things get interesting is how this kind of seems legit. If you've been on the internet for the last couple years, you know that like gambling websites are horrible in terms of advertising. They're like, "Oh, we'll give you $500 to play for free." By the way, this thing that I'm showing you is part of an is part of an adult video. Yes, they have gambling ads in adult videos. It's gotten that bad. Even in live sports games, they have gambling ads. But a lot of people think this is the norm. And it kind of makes sense. You know, casinos giving you a free bonus to join their website or to go into the casino is meant so that you get your foot in the door. You gamble away your whole entire retirement and then you have no money left when you're like 60 like a lot of old people and then you just perish on your own accord. And in this case, it's just some random website I've never heard of that's giving me $2,500 for free. Your prize has been successfully credited to your balance. You can play on it. You could gamble away the $2,500 or you could withdraw your funds in any comfortable way. What the the English on this is so horrible. I still I still don't understand how people fall for this, but I'm going to withdraw my funds. In this case, I can withdraw with crypto or with a bank card. Now, I don't know about you guys, but I'm not going to put my credit card into this website. So, instead, I'm going to pick crypto. Enter my wallet address. Does that work? Sure. Comment free money. And how much do I want to withdraw? $2500. Whoever has the Bitcoin wallet address of ACOS is going to get $2,500. That's just the charity work I love doing. I'm the new Mr. Beast. I click on withdraw and it says withdrawal error. Is that actually the proper way of saying it? Editor put a note on the screen. Maybe I'm tripping. But your withdrawal of $2500 was rejected because you did not pass verification. According to the Kirk How gaming regulations I failed geography, you need to verify your details. Verification of your account will take no more than 15 minutes. Okay, verification. Okay, so verify my identity. Verify now. My first name, Mr. Beast. Country, USA. Birth date. Next. We need to check your details for verification. It will take no more than 5 minutes. You can follow the verification status on this page. I guess while we're doing this, I might as well just gamble. They have done verification. They know that I my true name is Mr. Beast. They told me that a simple online verification procedure that requires you to make a deposit of $60 or more. Once the deposit is credited to your balance, verification will be completed. So, for me to take out $3,759, which I just got completely for free because thank you, Mr. Beast, I need to give this website $60. Now, if you're a gambling addict or you're just gullible as breaking news, if you send this thing money, you'll never get it back. Most of you already knew that. But here's the thing. This scam gets even worse than you think. Because the scam doesn't just steal your $60. It does a lot more. And I know that because the scammers leaked every single part of the scam. Because if we go back to verification and I open up my Chrome console, you can see in this verification thing here, if I just go to the response header, we can see how much the scammer is going to try and scam you. So you can see for the overrides we have this before text a and that is what's showing up here. This is exactly the same text that shows up here and we can see that it asks for $60. This is called before some. And when I give money it's going to be called after some because it turns out after I give $60 it's then going to say to withdraw funds from your wallet you need to make a sum deposit from it to confirm ownership. Now, what I need to do is I need to give them the afterum of $200. I mean, you gave the website $60, right? But you're going to get $25,000 for me. I won a little bit cuz I'm just a gambling legend. But, you know, $60 to get $3.7,000. That seems like a fair trade. And then it asked me for $200. So, now this scam has not taken $60 away from someone. It's now taken $260. But after I give him $200, it says, "Based on your activity and bet on the casino, automatic security systems require a forced increase account status to resume withdrawal of funds." Withdrawal of funds, you need to reach level three VIP status in order to resume withdraw of funds. And in terms of VIP status, I need to get VIP level three. Now, to get VIP level three, if I go to VIP club, I'm assuming level three is probably silver or platinum. But for me to level up my VIP process, you would assume I have to like just gamble the money. I mean, I got this free money. If I gamble it, I should level up. No. To level up on this website, points are calculated at the rate of 1 XP to $1 deposit to your account. For me to get silver, I need to put in $1,200 into this website to reach verification level three. Pull up the calculator. Again, the people that are falling for this, in their brain, they're like, "Okay, well, I have to give the website $1,200, but once this is all done, I'm going to get $35,000." That's what they think, right? Nope. Because right after text three, another thing pops up saying, "In accordance with our AML policy, withdrawals on your account have been suspended due to the fact that the coins deposited to your account are marked as coins with a risk level assessment of high. Please contact live chat for details, which I'll talk about live chat a little bit later. It's got some beautiful tricks up its sleeve, but you can also deposit $600, but since we're uh VIP level three, it's only $350. So, thank goodness we we we saved some money here. Our total is $1,800 I've given this website. And after I go through that verification step, there's another one. Failed to approve withdrawal request. Your account's security quality score is 95 out of 100. This is a hard-coded number, by the way. And in order to raise the score of your account level to 100 points, you should link another external account to domain name account. This is important for how many scams there are. Please contact technical support for details. Now, you can contact technical support or you can just give the website $600. Again, let's add that to the total. Now, of course, remember this is a fake gambling website, and you could maybe have like $100,000 on this website. You've been playing it for like a week. If you're going to get $100,000, that's life-changing amount of money. and just taking out a loan for $2.4,000. I mean, you're going to pay it back with all the money you made. That's how people think. And it doesn't even stop there because in order to resume withdrawal of funds, you need to pay tax. Yes, you need to pay tax. You need to make a deposit for the exact amount of blank. But in this case, you need to give $800. And finally, this is my favorite. Remember, this is hardcoded. This is inevitably what happens. They give you the final thing. They say untrusted IP address. The withdrawal request cannot be confirmed because you are trying to withdraw funds from an untrusted IP address or your IP addresses changes very often. Please contact technical support to initiate the wallet connect procedure to complete the withdrawal request or you can spend $1,200. So you spend the $1,200 and nothing else happens. Chances are it bans your account. It just stops working and it tells you to contact their technical support. So, whoever fell for the scam, if they fell for the whole entire scam, they are giving up $4.4,000, which for a lot of people would them. So, I want you to keep that in mind. Like, these scammers that are behind this are pieces of vile garbage. And just remember, the scammers aren't going to continue making the scam if people didn't fall for it. But, let's get to my favorite part of this website. It's called their live support. Because if I open up this live support, we have all these friendly 100% real people. One of these people I would do a little bit of Vegas sinning with. It's the one in the middle. You don't have to guess. So, welcome to potwex.com support team. How can I help you? Damn, I didn't get the guy that I wanted to talk to me. Now, Alice here is playing hard to get with me. But one thing one of my viewers found out is that their support chat is actually just an AI. And with a simple jailbreak prompt, they can get a whole bunch of information about the bot. But you can see in parts of the prompt they have account verification error prompt for a $60 single deposit wallet verification error $150 deposit deposit. Deposit deposit. That's all it is. It's like oh contact support and then support is an AI that just tells you to deposit money. Now unfortunately for me I'm not very good at talking to women and uh it did not want to be my AI girlfriend. So sickening. But the real sickening thing is how widespread of a scam this is. In fact, I spent 30 minutes and I found 236 websites that are made by the exact same people. You see Zello Cast, Xbetcast, WXB.Top, MBast.Bet. Literally pick a card. Any card. We're pretending we're a casino. I'm going to pick this one. Is this your car? Okay, hold on. No. Is this your card? Turns out it is. In fact, this is literally like the exact same website. In fact, if I open up my console and I go to sources, you can see that there are different template colors. It's like these guys have made the same scam website and they have hard-coded different versions of the website. And you can see like Mr. Beast and like Ronaldo and Conor McGregor and Messi like they're catering to like kind of younger people which is pretty disgusting. They have a gambling website for younger people. But they also try to cater to the dumbest people on the internet, cryptocurrency bros, because we have stuff like Elon Musk. This fella here, Binance co-founder. So this scam is literally going for anyone. idiots like Drake fans all the way up to cryptocurrency bros that are even more dumb than dumb. But how did you get hacked or your friend get hacked? Because you'll notice with this whole entire scam, the point of the scam isn't like normal Discord scams. For example, the NSFW verification scam. You get a DM from someone saying, "Join this NSFW server." You join it, it asks you to verify, and it steals your Discord account and uses your Discord account to send that same scam message. It works like a virus. You get infected, you send it to your friend, they get infected, they send it to their friends. But this casino scam with Mr. Beast and Free Money that never touched my Discord account. So, how are these people getting hacked? Now, of course, I can't just magically figure out. I had to ask some people. Some person said a couple days ago I got hacked and all my passwords were stolen and they started sending this Mr. B scam. And I said, "How do you get hacked?" I didn't hear much from them. Another viewer of mine, Little Will, got a DM from one of their friends who sent the scam. And I said, "Yo, please ask them how they got hacked if they know. They don't know. In fact, so many people on my server were getting hacked that I started pinging them in a ticket. I'm like, you how did you get hacked? Please just Well, one of youing tell me. I pinged a whole bunch of people. No one has any idea how they got hacked, which is always a bad sign. But let me walk you through how I figured out how the scam works. Now, right now on Discord, that NSFW verification scam I just talked about, it's going wild. And what I thought was happening is that these scammers just upgraded their scam. instead of taking people's Discord accounts, they'd also try taking people's money. But that theory sort of fell apart when I came across this video here on YouTube. [Music] >> Oh my god. >> These guys know how to get some attention. But you can see it's the same scam. They're like, "Yo, go to this website, enter in something." It's the same scam, but this is on YouTube, not Discord. In fact, I went on Instagram. There's this video here. So, they got into someone's Instagram, but I knew something was off when the man binary lord.Bitcoin, we all know who he is. Look at him playing pool dripped up. What he posted on his TikTok is the same scam. So, we're not dealing with a Discordon scam. That's the one hint that I got. But then one of my viewers, someone joined my Discord server and they said, "I just got hacked with the same." and they wanted some help on what to do because I looked through their messages and it turns out they had two-factor authentication but they still got hacked. And this was a fantastic clue because the thing with two-factor authentication is that it's great and all. It works when someone has your password, but it doesn't always work specifically in two cases. The first way two-factor authentication doesn't work is that if you sign into Discord using that QR code with your phone, that will bypass two-factor authentication. But since we know that these scams also spread to Tik Tok and Instagram and YouTube, it means we're dealing with the second case where two-factor authentication doesn't work, and that's when you download malware. Because if you download malware or an info stealer, they can bypass two-factor authentication because they take your browser's cookies or your browser sessions. So, the next thing I needed to figure out is like what sort of malware are these guys downloading? As I looked further into this, I had one of my viewers here, Dollar Boy Spongebob, saying, "Hey, I got hacked by that, too." But I think it was either the Drift executor or Xeno Executor for Roblox. This person directly got hacked and they said, "I got hacked because I downloaded Roblox cheats." This is my favorite part. Uh, Roblox cheat developers are the biggest crybaby I have ever dealt with. They're either going to DM me telling me that their cheat is legitimate and that I should test it on my computer. no. Or they're going to send me death threats like they did before. Now, I ain't going to replace anybody's absent father figure. But what I'm going to say is that it doesn't matter if a cheat works or not. Just stoping downloading game cheats. I swear to I swear almost every single game cheat I've seen is just malware. And it doesn't just have to be game cheats, by the way. It could literally be anything. I've had people that got hacked with this Mr. Beast scam because they pirated video games. They tried getting cracked Adobe. All I'm going to say is that 99.9% of you have no idea how to pirate anything properly. But this isn't the whole entire answer. This scam is more devious than you think because remember how all those people had no idea how they got hacked. Well, it turns out there was a clue that I was missing and it came from my viewer here. Did you download any game sheets? I downloaded Solar one time, but it happened a year ago. And it's weird how I just get hacked now. And this is the biggest thing I want you to take away from this video. All those people, they had no idea how they got hacked because they actually in reality they got hacked months or even years ago. Because what's happening more and more with malware is that instead of you downloading cracked Adobe and when you open it up your computer just instantly blows up and you get all your stuff stolen, what happens now is that when you download malware, they'll hack into your computer. It will be compromised, but they're not going to do anything for a couple of days. So, you forget. And there's one final clue that explains why now magically everyone is getting hacked and sending this Mr. Beast message, and it has to do with something called stealer logs. Now, when you think of people hacking into your computer, you usually think it's one dude that sends you a scam, hacks into your account, steals all your stuff. It's just a single hacker, man. The problem, though, now is that cyber crime is so big that it genuinely works like real life supply chains for products. Because what you'll have is you'll have people that make their own malware and they sell it to other cyber criminals to use. For example, in this blog post by Forinet, they sent a screenshot of someone selling ransomware as a service. So, this is malware that you basically buy from someone and you hack other people's computers with it. And in return, the person who made the malware, the ransomware, will get 50% of the price you need to pay for the ransom. Because the way ransomware works is that it locks your computer down, encrypts all your files, and you need to give them money to get all your files back. And this has happened in like hospitals in the US. And what's happening now is that instead of people making their own malware, just like that ransomware as a service, they will buy info steelers as a service. So they'll pay someone like $20 for a week and they'll get access to malware and they will hack into people's accounts and they will steal all their usernames, their passwords, their browser cookies. And a lot of the time what happens is that the person that developed the malware will also get a copy of all these stolen usernames and passwords. So the person who made the malware probably has a ginormous list of people's usernames, passwords, browser cookies, everything from a whole bunch of different people that are using their malware. And for some cyber criminals, they'll go through and like pick out like Binance accounts or places where they can make money through cryptocurrency. But a lot of other people's bogus accounts, like their Discord account, who cares about that? They'll end up on log marketplaces. You can see from this screenshot in 4 pixel quality, we have a 2.2 gabyte RAR file that contains a whole bunch of people's stolen usernames and passwords. And this is just a free version of it, a free sample. And these are usually already picked dry by other cyber criminals anyways. But there are places that will sell a massive amount of stolen accounts. And you can see from the the video footage that I'm showing you that I have to censor. There's a lot. And what happened here is that a big group of cryptocurrency scammers that run these fake casinos bought a whole bunch of stolen Discord account credentials, including their browser cookies, which bypasses two-factor authentication. But they'll buy like 2 million stolen Discord accounts. And on every single account, they will have a bot that will spam every single friend, every single Discord channel with the same Mr. Beast scam, which can take up to $45,000 from each victim. When you have 2 million Discord accounts or even more hacked just by statistics alone, you're going to have victims. And that's why there's so many of these scam websites. Remember, 236 scam websites I found in half an hour. But if you or your friend is sending this Mr. be scam. Please do a fresh install of Windows. Completely factory reset your PC. It's overkill, but it's better to be overkill than assume that you're safe. And once you do that, change all your passwords. And for everyone else, if you do stumble across one of these fake casino websites, go to the link in the description, it will go to Google safe browsing and make sure to report the website because a lot of people fall for these fake casino websites because they look legitimate. But when you open up the page and it shows the Google safe browsing of this is dangerous, they're like, "Oh, wait. I might actually be getting scammed." The more red flags we can give people, the less people will get scammed. Anyways, cutie patooties, that's all I got in terms of this casino scam. But tune in next time for my next video where I teach you how to actually win at the casino armed robbery. Anyways, bye-bye. Love you. Wait.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NoTextToSpeech [596 likes]: 🌏 Get an Exclusive NordVPN deal + 4 months extra here ➼ https://nordvpn.com/notexttospeech It’s risk-free with Nord’s 30-day money-back guarantee! ✌
  2. @rangerfurby [1 likes]: Happened to me after I downloaded something from a cracked games website that was made by AI to look exactly like another legitimate cracked games website
  3. @Moldir-real [1 likes]: Instagram Reels is full of Stake ads and Rainbet
  4. @gokubutcringe: my discord acc got hacked by this and its getting so serious i got banned by a server cuz of this
  5. @shamilexclusive: How to delete datas from this
  6. @shamilexclusive: Is this fake and scam?
  7. @n4xion: I get hacked but i didnt do something
  8. @ikeksaman2819: god damn it are u promoting anti goon vpn to minors?
  9. @ikeksaman2819: i was JUST about to ask you about the mrbeast scam, (ik im 8 months late) thank you for this video broo
  10. @JavaxDeath: thanks for this video
  11. @Breakduh: And how do you delete the malware Before they f me in the a?
  12. @TheBigManFrFr: People Cheating in Multiplayer are Losers. If you want easy money in Singleplayer, JUST USE WEMOD(Wand). And if you pirate, do it smart.
  13. @AxelGrönqvist: 21:05 Guys my friend just sent the link i clicked it and nothing else i am fine tho? I mean windows antidefender says nothing but that couldve in that case been hacked but nothing happend. Am i jst worrying too much?
  14. @JessicaJoseph-c8p: My friend got his pc hacked from this
  15. @埊: now tell why on disc thres accs whoare jacked and hae 4 imajes of this scam
  16. @AndASpecialThanksTo: That was not the wind bro
  17. @alangabrielguerradossantos1601: i heard that u cant click on these mrbeast discord images, is it true?
  18. @Tf2_Player_Scout: i got hacked already third time,im scared to join discord ever again,i dont want to betray my friends and make them lose mail's,i also got type of hacked:text:bro and image where i fakely approve moneys
  19. @patelkuldeep3854: What if I gave the card details but didn't diposit any money not even the 60
  20. @bluflame5381: still  dosent explain why mr beast himself promoted this shit on his twitter account which is is main and real acc btw

- What Happened To MrBeast Giveaway Winners?: Kind: captions Language: en Mr Beast is known for giving away millions of dollars to random people but have you ever wondered what people did with the prize money today we'll be diving into the seven biggest giveaways Mr Beast has done and looking at each of the winners to see what they've done with their money we'll be starting off with Cam who was the winner of Mr BEAST's biggest video today out of 456 participants only one would take home the prize of 456 thousand dollars Mr Beast posted a tick tock saying that if the video reached 10 million likes you would recreate a squid game and choose random people in the comments to participate with ease this video Hit 10 million likes and had over 1 million comments one of those comments was Cam and even though he was two days late to comment on the video it was chosen by Jimmy and flown out to the set not too long later he would be seen throughout the video competing in every challenge until eventually he made it to the final round where he would ultimately win the entire challenge after this incredible win and created a tick tock account where he would document his experience after winning the money he created videos about Old Friends asking him for money people impersonating him people trying to scam him and much more he laughed all of this off and composed himself pretty well he mentioned that he would spend the money on building his future helping family and friends and giving back to the community I think it's safe to say that his money was well spent and he was very responsible with next up on the list is Chandler who is part of the Mr Beast team and a few years ago he participated in one of Mr B's giveaway video where the group would compete for a private island in the Bahamas worth over eight hundred thousand dollars it was a long video with over 10 different challenges where Chandler was seen breezing through most of near the end of the video it was down to the last two contestants Chandler and Carl it was an intense Face-Off and the winner will be decided by a group vote the group took a vote for the winner Chandler took the winning end of the stick and won the entire Island the island was officially called the Golden cave until Chandler renamed it to Jeff Island a few days after his win after all the buzz around the island boiled down after the video no one really heard anything new about the island until era uploaded video challenging Chandler to a competition for the island people spam Chandler's comments and DMS until he was forced to make a response stating that the island had already been sold due to tax reasons I loved it I got a free Island only reason I couldn't keep the island is because of taxes so I had to sell the island this makes sense since the government would tax him for the full amount of the island even though he technically won it for free but nonetheless I'm sure he ran up a huge bag for selling it and he seems to be doing better than ever nowadays so I don't think he has an ounce of regret for selling our next winner is Sean Hendricks who is one of the oldest winners on the list so you can expect them to be the most mature with his winnings on September 24 2022 Mr Beast posted a video titled survive 100 days in circle win 500 000 which was one of the largest cash prizes in a Mr B's video till this day Sean survived a gruesome 100 days in the circle and even declined a hundred thousand dollar bribe for Mr Beast halfway through the video which I'm sure was extremely tempting it was put through all sorts of Trials and challenges but at the end he took home five hundred thousand dollars his family was there to congratulate him when he won and Ryan Trahan even made an appearance as well Sean took advantage of this opportunity and created his own social media account where he would talk about his accomplishments while also posting about his day-to-day life like when he ate his first real meal after eating canned food for 100 days during the challenge he would spend his first few dollars on a new John Deere hat since his old one was ruined during the filming of the video and after getting lots of attention on his social media accounts Sean took content creation much more serious and began going to events like vidsummit regularly he also created a tick tock account posting about his day-to-day life after the video where at one point he revealed that he copped a new crib with the Mr Beast prize money I even noticed that Sean was hired by Mr Beast in the same month that the video was uploaded Jean grew a lot after this unique experience and it truly changed his life for the better he is a great example of someone who is responsible with his money but this next one there might even be a better example our next winner won one of Mr B's biggest and most controversial competition the first finger on the app game was a very successful idea by Mr Beast which was pulled off almost perfectly there were over a million people participating on the app and after a long and gruesome 70 hours there were only four contestants left who would all be declared winners of the contest and rewarded twenty five thousand dollars about a year later Mr Beast decided to run it back and created a finger on the app to where One winner would take home one hundred thousand dollars this time around the game didn't go as smooth you might remember a year or two ago when Mr Beast received a lot of backlash support performance of the app many people would glitch out halfway through the game which made a lot of people who participated in the challenge for hours mad some of these people even calling off of work just for the game with a larger prize this time around there were 1.6 million contestants in total and after two days and three hours of the ongoing contest there was one winner named black baking one two three swag bacon who was a 19 year old kid won the prize of one hundred thousand dollars while the second place winner was awarded twenty thousand for his hard effort right after his huge win he would post to his Twitter his reaction after winning the prize unfortunately there isn't much publicly stated on what flag bacon did with his large sum of winnings although we were able to get the exclusive Scoop from the man himself here's what he had to say so basically I invested most of it I was quite new to investing so I just started with a very basic investment type thing through my bank essentially to just put it away for my future and haven't touched it since so besides a little bit that I gave to friends plus a bit for charity I currently still have all of it plus more than what I started with obviously and as a bonus since I'm Canadian I ended up getting about 123 000 after the USD to CAD conversion and didn't have to pay taxes on that specific amount because it was considered a gift our next winner didn't get flown out to compete in person for a Mr B's challenge but in instead he competed for a million dollars out of the comfort of his own home fortnite did a collab with Mr Beast where they would add a Mr B's skin into the item shop complimented with some cosmetic items and with this they were giving away one million dollars for a fortnight survival challenge honest was a Danish streamer who had already won 540 000 from previous Fortnight tournaments with such an impressive backstory he definitely had a skill advantage in this tournament as the competition kept going Anna's breezed through all the challenges like the floors lava Red Light Green Light the maze game and a few others he clutched the win at the end and snagged an easy million dollar paycheck and although he wasn't too public about what he did with the money I think it's safe to say that he spent it wisely to this day he still competes in fortnite tournaments and does not disappoint as he still has solid placements really consistently he isn't the most consistent with content creation but he likes to post on occasion but our next winner hasn't posted in over a year which makes honest lack of uploads see mine Mountain ice was a contestant in one of Mr BEAST's biggest series a five-part series with five different challenges and there would be one winner of a million dollars Manson ice had an inspirational backstory he was at the lowest point in his life prior to the video he had no job and his life was taking care of him but one day he was in the shower when God spoke to him telling him to drop twenty dollars on Mr B's merch of course this was an odd calling he was a little bit confused but listened to the calling and while searching for a 20 product on the Mr Beast website Mark noticed a link at the bottom of the site which was a sign up page to the million dollar contest he signed up for the contest and when his wife went to church a few days later Pastor said someone in the church will get very rich soon following this Mark got an emo saying he was chosen for the contest so of course Mark took this opportunity and was flown out to the set where he would compete in four different challenges during one of the challenges Manson ice promised a contestant fifty thousand dollars if he won if I win I want to give him fifty thousand if you win the win look you want to give him 50 Grand yes I want to give him 50 Grand mark would win every Challenge and eventually made it to the final part where he would compete for the million dollars in the final challenge the contestants had to keep their hands on a million dollars in cash which mark would win after 36 hours after this humongous W Mark went on a huge shopping spree Mr Beast would later post a video with Mark where he would spend a big chunk of his million dollars by buying two brand new cars a bunch of electronics a new house furniture for the new house a new ring for his wife and even donating some of the money and keeping the rest of the money for taxes and Investments after this Mark would be seen in a few other Mr Beast videos hanging with the crew while starting his own channel and making his debut in the influencer space that was until he stopped uploading on YouTube for over a year although it's unfortunate Mark stopped uploading our next giveaway winner would make up for Mark's lack of upload zealous is a famous YouTuber who had his career put on by Mr Beast but zealous wasn't just handed this opportunity on a silver on July 22nd 2020 Mr Beast tweeted a sign up form for Youtubers with under a hundred thousand subscribers thousands of people would sign up for the form including zealous a few days later you would get a call that he hung up on not knowing this was Mr Beast calling him to invite him on set to the contest he decided to call back a few days later and luckily Mr Beast picked up he was given all the information needed and got invited to compete in the challenge in this competition four people would compete by holding their hand on a YouTube play button for as long as they could during this they were put through many challenges like having to use the restroom moving in the back of a pickup truck and lost more zealous would hold his hand on the play button for over 30 hours before being declared the winner of the contest unlike the other winners in his video zealous would not receive a cash prize but instead would receive a shout out from one of YouTube's biggest channels unless you are in dire need of money I think this might be a better prize than cash prior to the video zealous was still an upcoming YouTuber gaining only about a thousand subscribers a month but when the Mr B's video went live he would gain over 1.8 million subscribers in one month his story on the situation went viral and his channel would Rack in tens of millions of views consistently although he was given a huge shout out it's no doubt that without his own hard work and dedication he would have never got to the point he is now he is still uploading till this day and enjoys doing so but the last and final winner doesn't feel the same way about uploading W2s from the sidemen also known as Harry won the biggest prize in Mr Beast History Mr Beast flew out a bunch of famous influencers like I show speed laser beam Nico or Milano and many more to compete in a video for 2.5 million dollar jet out of 11 influencers Harry managed to stay under the radar and made it to the final two against George not found where they would be taken inside of a big Warehouse to decide to find a winner unexpectedly Mr Beast noticed George lost focus and accidentally took his finger off the making Harry the winner of the 2.5 million dollar jet Harry would later give the jet to his younger brother and sister but he said on a podcast with the sidemen that he had to sell the jet due to the high cost of um I'm just taking the money and stuff the upkeeper so much like it's just not he got a huge payout for his jet and I don't blame him for what he did it's been three years since he uploaded on his main Channel but his second channel has been making a comeback slowly and steadily but with all these winners I think we can all agree that Harry had the best Pride Chandler's Island would come right before Harry's prize in second place but I'd still take cash over both coming from a logical standpoint what would you prefer if you were in this situation as always if you enjoyed this video go ahead leave a like And subscribe peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @SerenoMoneyYT [31 likes]: Babe wakeup new Sigma Financial video!
  2. @Brumission [30 likes]: This guy kinda reminds me of a YouTuber. You may know him. Biaheza. Not sure if that rings a bell but your editing is similar🕹️
  3. @sigmafinancial45 [18 likes]: i just got a call from mr beast he said you have to scroll back up and like the video
  4. @shawcking2472 [15 likes]: What the heck!! Biaheza is still making video for this channel.😂 I thought he stopped after the second video.

Looks like he donated this channel to his friend TJ who is voicing the videos.
  5. @Leo2005 [7 likes]: My boy @biaheza can't find a good voice over guy. Find someone who at least sounds like he's interested in the topic of the video.
  6. @kristianpedersen6796 [2 likes]: Bro fell of so hard
  7. @bragg_15 [2 likes]: I love sigma financial
  8. @SPCGT [1 likes]: cool. thanks biaheza
  9. @REDsky5-y3j [1 likes]: When are you gonna upload again
  10. @captain4865 [1 likes]: You killed this channel cuz you couldn’t be consistent
  11. @Clonetropper65 [1 likes]: Sup bro
  12. @frilexor5037 [1 likes]: Hi biaheza nice video
  13. @cow-playz: i saw this before i saw the video
  14. @AIinsighthub001: Hey TJ, out of curiosity would you consider selling this channel?
  15. @knottage: Idk man these vids are boring lol. Its a cool idea, but like... the voice is so monotonous, you sound bored just talking about it
  16. @Sabercole: I realized from Biaheza that I have monetary value!
  17. @shinigamiyt6002: TG do u have any social that i can reach u out
  18. @trivela_shortsYT: W TJ
  19. @krody2367: god this video is awful & so poorly made lol 0 effort
  20. @jACK-im4td: yeoooo

- The Secret Formula: How MrBeast Turns Giveaways Into Millions!: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast, whose real name is Jimmy Donaldson, has become known as the most generous creator on YouTube. Now, there's no official title for that, but when you look at his videos, where he gives away insane amounts of money, cars, houses, or other prizes to friends, family, and even complete strangers, there's no doubt he deserves the crown. In fact, he's often considered YouTube's biggest philanthropist. But this raises one big question. Where does Mr. Beast get all of his money? It's no secret that big YouTubers make a lot of money. With over 37 million subscribers on his main channel, plus revenue from merchandise, sponsorships, and other ventures, Mr. Beast is pulling in serious income. But what makes him stand out is that he doesn't just keep it all for himself. He reinvests much of it back into his content. Take his Team Trees initiative for example, where he helped raise enough money to plant 20 million trees before 2020, contributing himself as well. His videos often involve giveaways worth thousands, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of dollars, either in cash or assets. He once tipped a pizza delivery guy with an entire house, and in another video donated $100,000 to streamers with no viewers. The reactions to these giveaways never failed to go viral, and that's part of the genius behind his success. So, was Mr. Beast born into wealth, a trust fund kid? The answer, no. He's completely self-made. In the early days, his channel was just like many others. He posted gameplay videos and commentary. Later, he found some traction with his worst intro series where he roasted the worst video introductions on YouTube. But the real turning point came with his challenge videos. In January 2017, after dropping out of college, he uploaded a video of himself counting to 100,000. He knew it would go viral, and he was right. Today, that video has over 19 million views. From there, he moved on to other extreme challenges like spinning a fidget spinner for 24 hours or watching Jake Paul's It's Everyday Bro for 10 hours straight. These stunts gained massive attention, and by late 2017, he had already passed 1 million subscribers. As his following grew, brands began offering sponsorships. But unlike most YouTubers who would simply promote a product and pocket the money, Mr. Beast flipped the script. He used sponsorship money as part of his giveaways, turning ads into content. This unique approach skyrocketed his growth. Today, his channel has amassed over 5.9 billion views with many of his recent uploads crossing the 20 million views mark. Clearly, people love watching generosity in action. Mr. Beast realized early that giving money away could actually make him even more money thanks to the massive views and ad revenue his videos generate. When it comes to how much creators earn per view, the numbers vary depending on factors like watch time, engagement, and whether the channel is part of premium ad programs. But as Jimmy himself has said, every dollar I've ever made came from YouTube. YouTube pays better than you think. On top of ad revenue, there's also his merchandise sales, which are a huge business in themselves, along with possible outside investments. Sponsorships fuel his massive stunts, while merch and views keep his empire running. Of course, there are challenges. For example, people who win cars, houses, or even large amounts of cash often face heavy taxes, which can create problems. Mr. Beast himself has admitted this makes things complicated. But despite that, he continues to innovate and give back on a massive scale. And it's working. With tens of millions of daily views and hundreds of millions each month, Mr. Beast shows no signs of slowing down. He's cracked the code. Make money by giving money away. A win-win for himself, his audience, and the people whose lives he changes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Daynytlive [1 likes]: New youtuber connect here

- 10 People Vs World's Deadliest Laser Maze for $250,000: Kind: captions Language: en This is the most insane laser obstacle ever created, and this is just one of many dangerous and extreme laser mazes that we've built for this video. Whichever one of these ten contestants survives the longest wins 250 grand. Everyone, follow me. Welcome to room number one. You freaking kidding me? Yo! How are we supposed to get through this? The rules are simple. You need to go touch that box of money. But you touch a laser, you lose $250,000. The billion dollar question is, who's going first? Oh, okay. We have our first go. What in the world, bros? - I'm stressing out. - Yeah. The craziest part is this is the simplest of all the rooms we built. It gets so much harder after this. Okay. She's giving Number 1 no space to work with over there. All right, y'all, I got to get right there. This might look like a game, but it's very serious. This $250,000 cube of money is on the line. Okay, good, good, good, good, good. All right. It's coming towards you. Oh my God. Oh my goodness. Hey... No! Am I out? Did I just...? Only nine remain. Oh, yes. You got it. We got our first finisher. We got our second. I'm stuck. Where am I close? Where am I close? - Let's go, baby. - We in here! That was surprisingly close. - Let's go! And by the way, this video takes place in space because in the last video, we accidentally blow up the entire planet. And no, it's not CGI. This is 100% real. Stop asking me that. Turn on the lasers. A little overwhelming. Very scared. In order to complete this level, each of you will have to navigate this course and then traverse this wall. All while the red laser walls close in on you. Stay down the middle. And trust me when I say this level is difficult, I mean it. I tried it earlier and didn't even get close to pass. Start level two. Okay, we're going. We're going. Oh, man, bro. Hey, move the wall faster. Go, go, go, go, go, go. What the hell is this? This is super hard. Good job. Hurry. Go, go, go. That's cutting it close. I didn't even know we were starting. I thought he was just doing an intro and everyone started moving. That was a little scary. I had to sprint through that, it felt like... Follow me to the next set. Now everyone here may look happy, but I had something to tell them. Not all of you survived. Someone actually hit the laser. I'll be back with the footage. Did anyone see it? I don't think I touched the laser, but I don't know. I just want to make it to the next room. I was like the second one to jump in the pit, so I feel like I had enough space and time. I don't know. We'll see. I didn't think I had it a laser. But if I'm the last person and the walls are coming in like it might be me. - My heart is just beating out my chest. - Me too I know. On this iPad, we have who's been eliminated. I don't want to look. All right, everyone, huddle up, huddle up. Oh gosh. So here's culprit number one. It's me. It hit your shoulder, then your back, then your butt. It was actually impressive how much you got hit by it. If we all want to salute him as he leaves. - Bye, guys. - Bye. It's been really an honor. Up next, if you look right here, we zoom in on number eight. You'll notice he didn't get out. It was actually you. Yeah. I don't know why you all are sad. Five remain. And now we can be happy. But unfortunately, that happiness isn't going to last very long. Welcome to the next level. Isn't this insane? What in the world is this? I know it's a lot to process, but this level is pretty simple. When the timer starts, you have 10 minutes to get onto that moving platform, walk across a balance beam, then get on another moving platform, and then jump to safety, all while avoiding the lasers. Start the timer. I got this. I got this. I should have got on. Hey, this is insane. That beam is wobbling, dude. I see it moving. Let's go, Rain. 7 minutes left. I'm good right here. - Are you going? Okay. So how are we doing this? I don't know, I'm not going to lie. That's for you all to figure out. We're stepping up. All right, here I go. 10 is on the other platform. Two is on the balance beam? This is it. - Yes! Girl power. Who run the world? Girls! Time's running out. Hurry up. Maybe you all go at the same time. Oh, she did it. Oh, there's two! Nice and easy. All right, let's see it. You're the last one. Only 4 minutes remain. Hey, there's a laser behind you. - Turn around. - We're good. We're good - Yeah! Girl Power! Oh my God! There's only three and a half minutes left. It's going to go back. - Oh my God! - That was sick, dude! Player eight is the only one still competing. We got time, baby. We got time. Yo, I don't know about this one, guys. You've only got a couple of lasers left. Oh, my God. - There he is! - No way bro! Yeah, that was the hardest one so far, not gonna lie. Congratulations on surviving. Let's go to the next level that has giant death beams. Death beam. Yeah, that's right. Death beams. I spent $42 trillion on this spaceship. You don't think I'm going to add a death beam? Welcome to level four. What are we looking at over there? I can't tell. My heart is beating like crazy, bro. Boys. Fire the death beams. Oh! What the…? Yo! What? So as you'll see before it fires, you see a little flash of light. Your goal is simple. Reach the other side without touching any of the red lasers or getting absolutely cremated by the giant blue death lasers. Have fun. Underneath it. Number six is safe. Eight's safe. Let me take that. Let's go, come on. I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. Oh, man. It's only number four. I think he made it. Give me the box. Here, touch the box. Dubs baby. Let's go. That one got the adrenaline pumping. I'm glad four of you survive because, like, levels six, seven, eight, nine and ten, we're all very expensive. So I hope you don't all lose soon. But to be honest, I'd be very surprised if someone didn't lose on this next one. What the heck is this? Come inside the prison. Close the laser door. Oh, bro. You're now trapped in a giant laser prison. And at some random point in the next 10 hours, these lasers will turn off for exactly three and a half seconds, and you'll have to run and touch the money before they turn back on, you know how short three and a half seconds is? - And how massive this room is? - No way, bro. - No way. - Have fun. When do you ever get 10 hours to prepare for the biggest three and a half seconds of your life? How long can a person go without sleeping? I've gone like 48 hours for sure. - No problem. - Why? I was, like, playing video games one night or something. You think we're actually going to get to the 10-hour mark? I think we are. It's pretty intimidating, not going to lie. Simon says touch the laser. I don't know what the rules on tripping are but... we might find out pretty soon. Turn off the lasers. Please. I'm really hungry. - Think they're going to bring in food? We ain't getting no food. And if they bring dinner in here, we're here for 10 hours and they bring some kind of food. Oh, sheesh! How's it going? Just wanted to make sure you're awake. - We're awake. - We are now. How many hours do you think it's been? I think we're going on three. It's been six and a half hours and you're probably hungry, so boys bring it in. We also brought you guys some Prime. Thanks, KSI. - This is your first time trying Prime? - This is my first sip of Prime. Let's see it. - Your first ever sip of Prime. - This is crazy. - What do you think of it? - It was just like the Popsicle. I was surprised as well. It tastes pretty good. - Enjoy your Prime and food. - Thank you! Thank you. - 6 hours? - I don't think so, bro. It's not been 6 hours. The minute these turn off, I'm out. This is starting to get not fun. I do not spend all this time in here to not touch that box. Do you know the longer that we stand in here, the slower you're going to run across? You're going to be done for. 10 minutes to 10 hours, Like what kind of range is that, Jimmy? What are you doing to us right now? This is crazy. I feel like an animal in a cage. It's five in the morning and they have been in there for seven hours. The stakes are high. They're all staring at the money. It's getting primal. But if we press this button, the lasers will cut off for three and a half seconds. You may press the button. Will they make it? Will they make it? They all got it. That felt like the end of the world. Oh, my gosh. How are all of you that alert? It is 5 a.m. That was 7 hours. We're just that determined. Because nobody got out, we're going to have to run it back for another 10 hours. - I'm kidding, that was a joke - Okay. Okay. It's been way too long of a day. Follow me. We're like, "What?" We're like, "Wait a minute." But days are kind of irrelevant when you're on a spaceship. A giant spaceship. Come on in. - What... - Morning! - ...in the world? - Morning. So welcome to Level seven. Dude. What in the world, bro? You're probably wondering, why am I holding so much prime? It's because Prime Hydration is a zero added sugar hydration drink. This bad boy is only 20 calories, naturally flavored with 10% coconut water and enough vitamins and electrolytes to keep these contestants going throughout the entire video, all without a single milligram of caffeine. And because the company is founded by my friends Logan, Paul and KSI, if you do this course while holding prime, I'll give you $10,000. - Holding a bottle or the whole tray? - Just holding a bottle. Here you go. Catch. Each contestant needs to hold a bottle of Prime while jumping from platform to platform and avoiding the lasers on the floor. The lasers will briefly disappear every 30 seconds, so they're welcome to try what seems to be the easy way out and risk running. Or they can make the jump. My heart is pounding. - Can I go? - Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, you go first, if you want. Dude, I wanna take my time. Okay, I think I can make that. Oh, he just jumped. What the heck? The thing is, the further you get, the further they get apart. I don't know if I can jump that. Nice, Rain. Oh, this is scary. Are you going to jump it if I move? Once she jumps, I'll jump. All right, bet. Just in case. Just in case. I could use the floor that time. You see, I knew it was coming. That was smart. Okay, now my adrenaline is pumping. - Let's go. All right. She's alive. We're good. That was good. You went so far. I don't know if I touched it, though. We got to look at the camera footage. We're going to replay that, instant replay. Karl, what's the verdict? Number 8 is eliminated. You definitely hit it, I promise. We'll still give you the $10,000 for the Prime. It's official. Oh, no, I'm sorry. It hurts. It hurts. But, you know... Hey, grab that 10 grand briefcase for the Prime. Prime makes it taste a little bit better, makes it go down some. See you, dude. Thanks Jimmy. No problem, thanks for coming out. - You have a great day. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Life is crazy right now. And now three remain. Number 4 isn't ready, but he's going after this one. You're good, you're good. How does your heart feel? Better. I'm going this next time. Don't play no games with me, okay? She got it. I'm going to get out the way. We have our first finisher. Thank you! Oh, look at those feet. Straight shot, baby. He almost broke it. Dude, I lost my first step. Don't kiss my money. Why's he kissing my money? Last one remaining. That's a lot of pressure. Okay! We have three finishers. And these next three levels are going to determine who walks away with $250,000. Welcome to Level seven. You have two choices. You can either eliminate yourself and win a Tesla or keep competing for a chance to win $250,000. What will it be? There's like a billion lasers over there. You think you got to get through that? If you're a quiter, go for the Tesla. You have a guaranteed 40 grand or a 33% chance of 250. There's a way through these lasers, though, right? Of course. Nolan. - You're being annoying. - This thing's just really comfortable. That's the car I wanted. I got to get the money. Give me money! - All right. - Okay. - Boys, boys. Go get your cars, ladies. I'm going to get this cash. If all three of you go over here to get it, that's crazy. I'm going to send it. I want to make it to Room 10. This is actually a big decision for you because you know they're doing it now. They can't come back. - Yeah, I know. - If you pick the Tesla... you can drive it out today. There's a chance you walk over with nothing over there. - You don't want the money? Turning it down? Look at this thing. Five, four, three, two. You can walk out with this car. One... Just go get the car. Take your pick. - I'm sorry. You'll probably hate me. - Just pick! Free car or a chance to win money. I'm going to go with... The money. - Let's do it. - You never get this chance. Head on down there. Let's do this. I cannot believe nobody went for the Teslas. Go ahead, Rain. You waited long enough. Dang! I'm good. Look, I got to make sure this booty don't hit nothing. Dude, that is so tight. Yeah, that is tight. There's two paths and one is a dead end. I think she's going to the dead end. You are, like, literally a millimeter away. She's about to shimmy her way to 250 grand. Well, a chance at 250. - You have one little choke-point left. - You're almost done. I'm coming, Karl. I can see you right now and there's no lasers between us. Hit that. Touch that. All right, we have our first finisher. I did it. I did it. You could do anything. Ten, if they both touch lasers, you win. - Six… it's not a race. This isn't NASCAR. - I know, I just... - Are you going for a world record? I'm just scared if I don't go through this, I'm going to start shaking. Let's go! All right, one more. Everyone focus your attention on four. This is the hardest part right here. It gets very, very narrow. Oh, watch your foot. Will his butt hit it? I know it hasn't. I said, "will". I'll speak more clearly. Oh, my God, I'm literally sweating. That is so tight. I need to get out of here, if I go right there and jump over. Can I do that? I approve. You can jump over the laser wall. Yes, if he can clear this wall, He might win this whole thing. You think it'd be easier to jump over this and walk along the edge and jump back over than to go through the base? I mean, maybe not easier, but I definitely have more confidence doing that. I want to see you jump over this. Just to be clear, I think this is awesome. Now, who's the one having to make a decision, Blake? I can clear that, I'm doing it. He did it. That was crazy. You two thought he was going to hit it. Look at their faces. They're so mad. - Now he's walking along the edge. - Oh my God. He's going to have to jump back now. Dude, it is definitely taller over here. We didn't build the set with this in mind. He's literally breaking the game. And our set, apparently. These walls aren't super strong because we didn't plan on people doing this. If you fall, you're out. Just, you know. This is insane. No way he did it. What the frick just happened? Let's just go to the other room. Follow me to the in-between room. That was the craziest thing I've ever seen. Starting out when it was ten of us... Did any of you all think it would be us, last three? I saw both of you as a threat. You all are like the same person. If you were silhouettes, it'd be like the same person. As long as I keep going first, that's going to be the way I win. Honestly, I can't follow behind anyone. I have to trust in myself and go for it. I won't lose. Complete honesty, I have no idea what happens next. That's why I want to get to the next door. Let's go to the next room. Now, making a bunch of laser mazes is pretty tough, so I had my friends help me with this next one. - Welcome. - Hi, guys. - Hey. - This is your money. This level only has three lasers. I let each of the boys place a laser, and those are the only three ones on this level. Turn on Nolan's laser. I call this one the "up and down". That's not that crazy. I'd call it pathetic. Turn on Tareq's laser. I call this one side to side. Very creative. What do you guys think of it so far? - That's pretty crazy. - It's pretty hard. Now turn on Karl's laser. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And there you go. Level 8 is these three lasers. Not a fan of the green one. Hey, guys, you're supposed to run, not sit. Hey, why don't you guys go to the control room? - I see the path. - I see the path too. Oh, he's gone. Hey no pressure, guys. He didn't even say he was going. He just. He just went. What just happened? I blinked, and he was already at the money. I know I wasn't saying much, but I just had to zone in, block everything out and see the path and take off. We officially have our first finisher. If they both get out, you win $250,000. No pressure, fellas. Oh, she's going. All right, our second go. The green hit her. It's up to you, Yei! The only thing standing between number four and a quarter of a million dollars is you. If you get out, he officially wins. This is... I don't know, dude. You got to show me how bad you want it, Yei. I'm really scared. What'll get you out? - The Karl laser. - Look at me. The Nolan laser, the Tareq laser. Oh, she's gone. She started a little bit... Okay, the red one. She did it. She did it! - She made it! - Yeah, it was incredible. Well, I feel like she made that 30 trillion times harder than he did Did the laser touch me? No, you did it. Are you sure? Didn't hit a laser. You're good. What? You got to be kidding me. It's time for us to go to the ninth level. Only one of you is going to survive this final level. Basically, it's a level where you go until one of you loses. - I'll see you there. - Are we fighting? Laser tag? - I don't know. I'm going to launch a nuke at the moon. I have no reason for doing it. I just wanted to. Let's see who wins $250,000. I'm nervous. Yeah, this is a mental challenge. Trying to stay zoned in. Going on 5:00 AM right here. But I came this this far. I'm in confident this whole time. I promise I'm ready. It's like, what, 5:00 AM? Yes. I don't even know. I'm tired. But I got to do every one of these rounds, and just like, show people that I can do it. I hope they both win. - That's just not how it works. - They both really deserve it. Just add suspense. We made them wait a few hours. This sucks. I hate it so much. Waiting's making me nervous. I can't believe you both said no to the Teslas. It's top three. You got it. I mean, we're one room away. Go big or go home. In your mind, what are the odds you win the next level? 100%. Really? I feel confident. Well, he's pretty confident, but I'm just like... I hope I win, I really, really hope I win. You guys have any last words? Not really. I'm kind of, I'm kind of zoned in. I'll shake your hand. And now we're enemies. Welcome to the final level. For this last level, we combined all the previous mazes into one. Player number six come in. My Lord. Hold there for one second. Player number four, come on in. Holy smokes. Since there's only two of you, this one's a little different. You either touch the money first, instantly winning it, or your opponent touches a laser before you, thus they're eliminated and you instantly win. Number four, does that make sense? I hear you out loud and clear. Number six, does that make sense? Makes sense. I'm going to give you both 30 seconds to weigh this massive strategic decision. This is for all the marbles. I want to win this. Dude, my heart is... Dude, he looks so nervous right now. If you try to run this, you're going to hit a laser. I'm just standing there. That is definitely the strat. I got to play offense. I want to go as far as I can. Ten more seconds. Yep, as fast as I can. Release the dogs. I'm not waiting for him to mess up. Say the word Jimmy. Let me go. Let me go. I'm not waiting. Three. Two. One. Begin. Like I thought Blake is going for it. He is way ahead. All right, they're about tied. Okay, so far no one's out. That was close. Blake is way ahead. Her only hope is that he ends up getting out here. He hit a laser. - He did, he hit it. - What? You're lying. No, hey cut the lasers off. It doesn't matter. - Turn them all off. Don't headbutt it. Are you okay? Stop hurting yourself. That's freaking crazy. And obviously, Blake, we're going to give you a second place prize of another $10,000. because he won $10,000 during the course of Prime. I know it's not a quarter of a mil. - Here's another ten grand. - Thanks, Mr. Jimmy. Do you want me to deliver it in a giant cube or would you prefer me just wire you the money? I want you to bring it to me in a cube. - What if they try to rob you? - Oh, I don't know then. I'll wire you the money. I hope you guys enjoy it. See you later. You can stand in it. Just, you're going to sink, so be careful. - Yeah. You see what I mean? - I sunk through.

  Top Comments:
  1. @grillonstephane5288 [2 likes]: Frère le placement de produit est excellent
22:40 c'est le fils de Johnny Depp😂
  2. @Siyo-Gtag [1 likes]: So many people that are iconic in this - Blake and raine and ronnie
  3. @gamestermenatocreatorboy: I want play this game❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  4. @RiFatRifat-wc1og: i phone 17 pro max
  5. @Pushpasinghrajput16: Crazy games I like it 😎😎😎. How interesting ❤️❤️😀😀😄😄
  6. @SamirHossain-r7p: Hi MrBeast, I’m a student from Bangladesh 🇧🇩
trying to build a better future for myself. Watching your videos always motivates me to keep dreaming big. Getting an iPhone 17 Pro Max would honestly mean the world to me and help me create content and improve my skills. Maybe you won’t see this, but I still wanted to try. One reply from you would make my year. ❤
  7. @DFWHoppe: 22:04 that's my future President right there.
🫡
  8. @martinbueno3039: Bien hecho gracias Mr beast por ser estos vídeos que me emociono al verlos a veces me río cuando ando en mi trabajo de hora de descanso y seme quedan mirando luego les digo que estoy mirando Mr beast 😂😂😂
  9. @martinbueno3039: Yo creo que va ganar la número 10
  10. @IAM_ROSSEY: 14:44  if there gonna explode and die 💀 y they  need 10k$,😶🫠🫩
  11. @Magma-j1m2013: I love mrbeast❤
  12. @BondalFamilyTV: bru num 8 is dead but why is ti still there
  13. @JoniKumara-z5w: 10☝01
  14. @YanAlexandreBorges-e1k: Did they really explode?
  15. @Dittodog: its cgi bro
  16. @hi_cuties-i7z: I am big fan please give me feastables😢😢😢😢
  17. @KıvançTürkyılmaz-d6w: Her şey efekt artık biliyoruz dünyayı patlatırsan zaten sen ölebilirsin sen zengin olduğun için polislerden ama kaçamazsın
  18. @Paxtonn9999: 😂😂😂 21:01
  19. @FeruzaSamandarova-qb1yc: this the real fakeeeeeeeeeee
  20. @ArnaudNyemeck: 😅😅❤❤❤

- MrBeast breaks down his biggest video ever: Kind: captions Language: de Was geht, Leute? Ich nehme eins meiner neuesten Videos auseinander und erzähle euch alles, was bei der Produktion abging. In diesem Video brachen wir den Weltrekord für die meisten Kameras, die je eine einzelne Produktion aufnahmen. Wir hatten echt einfach, so 'nen, mentalen Aussetzer. Ich hasse das. Den Anzug trug ich wohl zwanzig Stunden. Sieht aus, als wär er von Party City. Woah, ich meine, so weit mussten wir jetzt wirklich auch nicht unbedingt gehen, oder? Ja! So gut! Wahnsinn! Das. Sachen sind lustig dann werden sie cringe. Wir machen diese einfach so. So Sachen, wo Leute sich fragen, was zum Teufel? Man muss halt so diesen Sweet Spot in der Mitte finden. Ja, dieser kleine Moment verändert die ganze Stimmung. Wir schauen YouTube, weil wir etwas anderes wollen, das sich vom Fernsehen unterscheidet. Du bist sehr gut in dem! Ich werde eins meiner neuesten Videos auseinandernehmen. Alter eins bis einhundert entscheidet, wer zweihundertfünfzig Riesen gewinnt. Los geht's. Wieder einmal sind hinter mir einhundert Leute! Ich pausiere mal kurz. Ja. Das ist also unser Intro-Shot. Sind alle Leute hier wirklich physisch da? Oder sind diese Leute computeranimiert? Es sieht vielleicht so aus, als wären sie computeranimiert, aber sie sind tatsächlich hier. Also haben wir sie alle aufgereiht. Bei dem hier, ich also das Problem ist, ich ich wollte sie nicht alle zu lange warten lassen, also stand ich hier, hab einen Take gemacht und sie dann in ihre Würfel geschickt. Und dann hab ich noch ein paar Takes gemacht. Vielleicht haben sie also einen meiner anderen Takes drübergelegt. Aber nein, diese diese Leute waren hier. Es es war 'ne coole Aufnahme. Sie reichen von einem Jahr bis zu mehreren Jahren. was wir versuchen, ist, Und dann hier natürlich das Konzept sehr einfach und leicht verständlich zu machen. Denn wenn ich sagen würde, wer zweihundertfünfzig Riesen gewinnt, versteht nicht jeder, was das bedeutet. Weißt du, was ich meine? So nach dem Motto eins bis einhundert. Was? Eins Bindestrich einhundert. Wie was? Das hier ist visuell dargestellt ein Einjähriger bis zum Hundertjährigen. Ich glaube, das ist der Punkt wenn jemand das Konzept nicht verstand, jetzt tut er's. Sie denken, okay, ich versteh's. Er hat einhundert Leute. Einhundert. Und sie werden um zweihundertfünfzig Riesen kämpfen. Und das war's. also wir haben den Hintergrund geschwärzt. Denn am Anfang wollte ich, dass ihr euch nur auf sie konzentriert, weshalb sie vielleicht so aussehen, als wären die Leute computeranimiert und nicht da gewesen. Sie waren da, aber es liegt wahrscheinlich daran dass sie alle ausmaskieren mussten, damit sie den Hintergrund schwärzen konnten. Und dann heißt es, alles klar, jetzt sollt ihr euch auf diese anderen Sachen konzentrieren und sie sollen dramatisch auftauchen. die Lichter, Ja, Weil wir 'ne hässliche Decke haben, haben wir's zwischen den Lichtern etwas abgedunkelt. Ich glaube es geht mehr darum, vier oder fünf Aufnahmen zu einer zusammenzufügen um den Punkt rüberzubringen, den ich wollte. Wenn das Sinn ergibt. Das ergibt wirklich Sinn. Die Weitaufnahme ist beeindruckend. selbst. Wer verdient die zweihundertfünfzig Riesen? Das erste Mal das Geld gezeigt. Jimmy, wie denkst du über die riesige Geldsumme die du. Denn ab einem bestimmten Punkt wird das Geld so viel, dass es für uns alle schwer ist, es irgendwie zu begreifen. Wie denkst du über diesen enormen Dollarbetrag? Mir ist aufgefallen ob ich hundert Riesen oder fünfhundert Riesen sage, keiner merkt den Unterschied. Die Leute. Es ist so, da ist viel. Für die ist das ein großer Haufen Geld. Also, ja, stimmt. So zweihundertfünfzig. Ich glaube, der ursprüngliche Preis sollte fünfhundert sein, aber als wir das Video machten, haben wir das Budget so krass überzogen, dass ich dachte, okay, ich muss irgendwie aufhören. wir und dann haben wir den Preispool ein bisschen gesenkt, bevor wir gefilmt haben, weil wir viel zu viel ausgegeben haben. Riesen. Alle Mann, geht in eure. Ich hasse diese Beleuchtung auf meinem Gesicht. Warte, warte, warte, warte. Dieser Anzug auch. Ist der so irgendwie knittrig? Er sieht aus, als wär er von Party City, so ungefähr. Ja Woah, woah, woah. Ich meine ich weiß nicht, ob er von Party City ist. So weit mussten wir jetzt auch nicht gehen. Mal sehen, das ist aber das Problem mit schlechter Beleuchtung, denn diese Falten werden stärker betont durch die Schatten darin. Denn ich bin nicht wenn ich hier frontales Licht hätte, würdest du sie nicht mal sehen. Und warum einen Anzug tragen? Wir sprachen im Interview darüber, aber warum nicht deinen typischen Hoodie oder was du in anderen Videos trugst? Also, wir haben darüber in einem Podcast gesprochen, den wir aufgenommen haben. Ich hab angefangen weißt du, irgendwie zu versuchen, zum Thema der Videos zu passen, denn wenn ich nur Shorts und ein T-Shirt tragen würde so wie jetzt gerade dann ist es so, wir haben dieses riesige Multi-Millionen-Dollar-Set. All diese Leute in diesen Trainingsanzügen, und ich sehe dann einfach aus, als wär's mir egal, Also hab ich versucht, mich der Umgebung etwas mehr anzupassen. Damit man das Gefühl hat man ist in so einem kleinen Universum. Kleidung spielt eine sehr wichtige Rolle. Geht in eure Würfel. Die Challenge hat offiziell begonnen. Die ist gut! Wenn einer von euch beschließt zu gehen oder nur die rote Linie berührt, wird er eliminiert. Schau dir diese Aufnahme an. Wie weit, glaubst du, wirst du es in der Challenge schaffen? Der Hundertjährige. Wie denkst du über die Charaktere, die du vorstellst? Denn das ist sozusagen einer der ersten Momente, in denen wir mit jemandem am Set sprechen. Und ich wollte mit dem Hundertjährigen anfangen, weil es so ist heilige Scheiße die haben tatsächlich einen Hundertjährigen. Denn wenn man das sieht, denkt man sich wow die meinen es ernst. Und es erinnert einen irgendwie daran, dass es um das Alter geht. Und deshalb, weil diese Aufnahme ziemlich schnell ist. Und es bis Ende durchziehen. Okay, mal sehen, wie der Einjährige. Und dann gehen wir wieder zum Einjährigen, das Extrem denn wenn ich mit dem Zwanzigjährigen angefangen und dann zum Vierzigjährigen wäre das ist cool. Aber mit dem Hundertjährigen anzufangen und dann runter zum Einjährigen zu gehen, da denkst du, wow! Und es unterstreicht dass es hier ums Alter geht, um zu sehen, welches Alter das Beste ist. Und bist du in jeden einzelnen Würfel gegangen und hast ein Gespräch geführt oder bist du nur in einhunderteins gegangen? Nein! Ich würde wohl eine Handvoll auswählen, weißt du, denn ich klar, wir haben viele dieser Videos gemacht, also weiß ich, wenn ich zu fünfunddreißig gehe, werden wir das am Anfang wohl nicht verwenden. Nicht im Intro-Shot. Glaubst du, du gewinnst das Geld? Diese Soundeffekte? Ich weiß, manche Leute sind gegen die Vine-Booms, bist du? aber wir benutzen sie ironisch. Ich find's lustig weil es, so, weißt du, die Sache ist die. Was Sachen sind lustig und Oder? Und das war definitiv lange Zeit cringe. Dieser Soundeffekt. Und dann werden sie wieder lustig. Und ich glaube, wir erleben gerade das Comeback des Lustigen mit Vine-Booms. Ist lustig. Alles klar, viel Spaß mit Tablet. Das ist die Reihe, die es bis ganz zum bitteren Ende durchhalten und schaffen wird. Und wir wir haben diesen Clip dorthin getan, denn wenn man das Video anschaut dieser Typ -- es ist ironisch denn dieser Typ hier ist der Grund, warum sie alle rausflogen. Das ist eine Vorausdeutung, weil er das Geld nahm und sie alle eliminierte. Und dass wir beim Schneiden eine Aufnahme von ihm haben, wie er sagt, das ist die Reihe, die es bis zum Ende schafft. Schau's nochmal an. Wow! Es bis ganz zum Ende schaffen. Ja, aber er ist der Grund, Das ist verrückt, also haben wir das dahin getan. Sieht man es sich ein zweites Mal an, bemerkt man sowas. Fokussiert und entschlossen. das galt nicht für jeden. Wenn du raustrittst, verlierst du. Das war verrückt. Ich ging rüber, um mit dem Einjährigen zu reden es lief raus. Man sieht es mir an. Der Zweijährige ist jetzt eliminiert. Ich bin so, nicht irgendwie total energiegeladen oder so, weil ich einfach nur dachte oh okay ähm. Eliminiert. Wie zu erwarten war, sind die Jüngsten als Erste gegangen. Hattest du eine gute Zeit? Wir fragen ihn in einem Jahr, wenn er reden kann. Und einige der älteren Leute. So gute Aufnahmen, so ein gutes Video. So verrückt. In diesem Video wurden sechs Leute eliminiert. Das ist ein cooler Effekt. Und noch mehr werden es gleich sein. Wir müssen die Bomben platzen lassen. Ah also jetzt, wisst ihr, müssen wir Fortschritte zeigen. Wir hatten also diesen riesigen Bildschirm, auf dem wir auf der Bühne gefilmt haben. Das ist echt, das Zeug, das ihr hier seht. Und dann ließen wir X-e aufpoppen. Und in der Postproduktion dachten wir uns, oh, das ist lahm. Das ist also, was wir machen wollten, um den Fortschritt zu zeigen, und das ist dann daraus geworden, weil wir dachten, nee, nee. Oder Take eins, sechs. Und dann sind sie nahtlos und fließend zu dieser Szene hier übergegangen. Leute haben. Und anstatt dann nur kleine X-e auf einen blöden Bildschirm zu packen, haben wir sie mit einem Bombenteppich belegt. Viel besser. Noch mehr. Ich liebe es! Es ist irgendwie lustig. Es macht so weißt du, wenn du einige meiner Videos gesehen hast, ist es vielleicht nicht so lustig. Aber für die Neuen, die es zum ersten Mal sehen, die denken sich nur, was zum Teufel? wenn ich Reaction-Videos von Leuten sehe und wir machen einfach so solche Sachen. Die Leute sind so, heilige Scheiße, das ist so lustig. Oder werden es gleich sein. Anders als dieses Video, das 'Wer als Letzter geht' war, geht es in dieser Challenge darum, Freunde zu finden. Schau dir diese grottenschlechte Beleuchtung auf meinem Gesicht an. wir hatten echt mentale Aussetzer bei der Beleuchtung am Anfang. ich meine ich glaube, da trifft buchstäblich kein einziges Photon die rechte Seite meines Gesichts. Mir gefällt nicht, wie das aussieht. Ja, da könnte etwas mehr Filter sein. Also hier wir wir haben das letzte Video erwähnt, weil ich paranoid war, dass die Leute denken, es sei dasselbe Video. Also hab ich gesagt, anders als dieses letzte Video. Damit die Leute wissen, falls sie verwirrt waren, dass es ein neues Video ist. Eher ein 'Wer als Letzter geht'. In dieser Challenge geht es darum, Freundschaften zu schließen und Leute zu überzeugen, dich zu mögen. Sie entscheiden, wer die zweihundertfünfzig Riesen gewinnt. Und ich wusste es noch nicht aber dieses Video war bei Weitem das intensivste Video, das wir je gedreht haben. Das war es wirklich. Was hältst du von der Vorausdeutung, die wir in der Vorschau sehen? Normalerweise? Das ist so eine Sache, die kommt und geht. Früher dachte ich, Vorausdeutungen ehrlich gesagt, sind ein bisschen cringe. das ist ein vierzigminütiges Video und ich will, dass die Leute wissen, dass es gut ist, und ich muss es quasi ich muss es machen, denn entweder Vorausdeutungen oder ich sag einfach, Leute, ich weiß, es sind vierzig Minuten, aber vertraut mir, es wird gut. Und ihr denkt euch dann, was? Aber das hier zeigt euch all die coolen Sachen, die noch kommen. Und deshalb, ich glaube, je länger das Video ist, desto wichtiger sind Vorausdeutungen, besonders auf YouTube. Jimmy. Der nächste Moment, zu dem ich vorspulen möchte, ist, als du anfängst, diese Bösewicht-Storyline für einen der Teilnehmer einzuführen. Japp. Oh, das ist wirklich ein guter Teil des Videos. Ähm, spielen wir. Könnte sie potenziell eliminieren. Oh. Oh, der Geobart. Oh, das tut wirklich weh zu sehen. Also vielleicht gib Kontext, was passiert, bevor der der Bösewicht auftaucht. Wir drehen ein Rad und dann bei welcher Nummer es landet, die Person mit dem Mikrofon muss entscheiden, ob sie diese Person eliminiert. Und wenn nicht bekommen sie das Mikrofon. Aber die Sache ist, wenn du das Mikrofon abgibst, gibt es nichts, was besagt, dass das Rad nicht auf deiner Nummer landet und sie dich eliminieren. Es ist also eine geringe Wahrscheinlichkeit, aber es ist in deinem besten Interesse, alle anderen zu eliminieren. Und es wird ziemlich gnadenlos. Und so landete das Rad auf dem elfjährigen Geo der in unserem ersten Video war. Publikumsliebling, total energiegeladen, super, toller Charakter. Das Rad landet einfach auf Geo und dann ist das hier passiert. Das bedeutet Geo sehr viel. Nimm diese Entscheidung nicht auf die leichte Schulter. Aber man hört es in meiner Stimme. Geo? Das das ist so. Verrückt. Schau, was zweiundvierzig sagte. Ist das wirklich elf? hm. Das war krass! Ich bin auch im Würfel, und ich hab gehört, wie zweiundvierzig das gesagt hat. Ich dachte mir, woah! Da wusste ich, oh, der ist ein Charakter. Hast du hast du Beim Pre-Casting, so, hattest du das Gefühl, dass dieser Typ der Bösewicht sein könnte, weil da da irgendwas sein muss? schau mal hier, das Rad ist auf ihr. Aber da ist die Sache ist die. Das konnten wir unmöglich. Das ist das Problem, oder? Und deshalb ist es echt schwer, auf YouTube Geschichten zu erzählen. Wir konnten unmöglich garantieren, dass das Rad auf dreiundvierzig landet. Also okay, angenommen, das Rad wäre auf fünfzig gelandet, und fünfzig hätte alle eliminiert. Jetzt ist zweiundvierzig einfach gar nicht im Video. Genau. Es ist so oder er ist im Video, aber nicht auf diesem Niveau. Also, nein! Wir hätten unmöglich vorhersagen können, dass wir in der theoretischen dritten Challenge ein Rad drehen und es mit zwei Prozent Wahrscheinlichkeit auf ihr landet, und er dann immer noch nicht eliminiert würde und dann im Hintergrund in ihr Ohr redet. Und deshalb ähm, weißt du, da muss man eben all diese Kameras am Laufen haben, denn selbst. Eine Entscheidung leichtfertig. Siehst du, das ist die Kamera da. Und das ist es, was ich dir im Podcast erzählte. Dieses Video. Wir brachen den Weltrekord für die meisten Kameras, Und warum normale Leute das nicht können, ist, dass da normalerweise keine Kamera wäre. Und er hat noch eine Kamera in seinem Würfel, die die ganze Zeit läuft, sodass wir dieses Material bekommen. Wenn nicht, weiß ich nicht mal, ob er im Hintergrund meiner Aufnahme gewesen wäre. Wäre unbrauchbar. verändert die ganze Stimmung von allem, oder? Und darauf schneiden zu können, deshalb lassen wir diese Kameras laufen, auch wenn es, weißt du, tausend Stunden oder tausend Tage oder was auch immer an Material bedeutet. Wisst ihr, eine der Sachen, die mir im Gedächtnis blieben, als ich Zeit mit Jimmy verbrachte, sowohl in diesem Video als auch hinter den Kulissen seiner größeren Drehs, die wir in ein paar Wochen hier teilen, ist das Kennenlernen der Leute, die helfen, seine Videos zu machen. Aber als Creator, die bei Weitem nicht so groß sind wie Mr. Beast, ist es schwer, Talente zu finden oder alles selbst zu machen. Da kommt Fiverr ins Spiel. Fiverr ist ein führender Marktplatz für digitale Freelance-Dienstleistungen und Sponsor des Videos. Egal, ob ihr einen Thumbnail-Designer, Cutter, Tontechniker, Musikproduzenten oder Texter sucht, auf Fiverr gibt es Freelancer, die euch helfen, eure Videos zu verbessern. Tatsächlich ist eines meiner anderen Next-Videos eine detaillierte Analyse der Karrieren von einhundert Top-YouTubern. Wir haben dafür sogar einen Statistiker über Fiverr engagiert, der uns half. Außerdem ist die Suche nach Freelancern und das Filtern nach Fähigkeitslevel, Budget und Bearbeitungszeit super einfach. Das Beste ist, ihr bekommt zehn Prozent Rabatt auf eure nächste Bestellung, wenn ihr meinen Code USHY10 verwendet oder auf den Link in der Beschreibung klickt: fvrr Punkt co Schrägstrich Youshaei10 y, o, u, s, h, a, e, i. Zurück zum Video. Ist das elf? Das ist echt verrückt. Wein noch nicht, bitte. Geo Es ist nicht vorbei. Ich will, dass du mir ganz genau zuhörst. Die nächsten paar Sekunden entscheiden eine Menge. Geos psychologische Kriegsführung. Gut gemacht, Geo. Geo wird sich das ansehen. dich nicht zu eliminieren. Und es liegt an dir, diese Person davon zu überzeugen, Oh, das Du bist freundlich. Aber sieh mal, wie du dich dabei fühlst. Du bist freundlich genug um mich nicht zu eliminieren. Aber sieh mal, wie schau das waren wahrscheinlich so zehn Sekunden von Geo. Und wir haben es größtenteils atmen lassen, also, wir haben auf das Gesicht von 43 geschnitten. vor Jahren hätten wir das nicht so aufgebaut. Wir hätten gesagt alles klar, Geo, was sagst du? Und Geo hätte gesagt, eliminiere mich nicht. Und dann wären wir zu 43 zurückgekommen und bla, bla. Aber es ist so, wir können es uns noch einmal ansehen. Verstehst du? Auf Geo. Schau dir das an. Siehst du all die Zeit, in der Geo vielleicht zwei Sekunden lang gar nichts gesagt hat. Aber wir lassen dich die Szene aufsaugen und die Emotion spüren, was weißt du einfach etwas ist, das wir früher nicht gemacht haben. Und ich versuche, darin richtig gut zu werden. Und, äh, wir werden mit der Zeit darin besser werden aber ich denke, es hebt es einfach an, Denn normalerweise hätten wir das rausgeschnitten, es wäre Geo gewesen, und dann hätte Geo angefangen zu reden. Aber es ist so, Geo und die Musik, und du fühlst es, und du denkst dir, ich fühle etwas, wenn ich das sehe. Geo tut mir leid. Und du bist freundlich genug. Und der Riser-Effekt. Ja, das ist gut gemacht. Das trifft dich wirklich. Bitte eliminiere mich nicht. Ich meine, das sind achtzehn Sekunden. Rettet Geo! Neunzehn Sekunden. Oh, wow. das ist wirklich eine lange Zeit. Das ist Und dann liebe ich es. es zeigt, wie viel Unterstützung Geo hat. Nicht nur eine Interaktion zwischen zwei Leuten. Es ist die ganze Gruppe. Und dann auch ihre Reaktion darauf zu sehen. Und ganz klar es belastet sie psychisch. Außerdem, sieh, wie mein Anzug jetzt besser beleuchtet ist. Nein, Jimmy, wir brauchen jemanden, der deinen Anzug dämpft, echt. Was?! Wo ist das? Kragen. So, da ist so ein kleiner, sichtbarer Fleck. Na ja, das also, die Fliege war war ein bisschen zu klein. Ja, aber es ist gut. Es ist wirklich sehr gut. Nein, es ist okay. Ja, ich weiß. Ich stimme mit dem gedämpften Anzug zu, aber nur für noch mehr Kontext, wir filmen das hier so in zufälligen Intervallen über den Tag verteilt. Also musst du ihn anziehen. Ja, so dass dass ich im Grunde. Ich habe den Anzug wahrscheinlich so zwanzig Stunden am Stück getragen. Wegen der Filmaufnahmen und so. Denn so, man sieht die Sonne nicht, aber das könnte so drei Uhr morgens sein. Weil wir das einfach durchziehen, Challenges aufbauen und so. Also. Ja, ich meine, ich bin halt so, ich bin wahrscheinlich vor der Aufnahme rausgegangen und hab so einen zweistündigen Spaziergang gemacht, telefoniert und bin dann reingekommen hab den Dreck abgeklopft. Das ist verständlich. Aber egal, zurück zu dem, was zählt. Die Emotion der Szene. Tu es nicht. Jetzt ist nicht die Zeit, ein Herz zu entwickeln. So ein guter Spruch! Kann nicht glauben, dass er das sagte. Und Alter, damit sind die Leute auf TikTok total ausgerastet. Spiel Clips ab. Oh mein Gott, wow. Gut, wir sind dreißig Sekunden drin. Ich meine, so dieser ganze Teil wäre früher dreißig Sekunden auf meinem Kanal gewesen. Ich bin so froh dass wir das so machen. Okay, Okay. Geo, ich bewundere dich so sehr. Du bist buchstäblich. Gut. So gut. Wie bewusst ist er sich dessen, denkst du wirklich? Hast du am Set persönlich mit ihm gesprochen? Oh, natürlich. Wir haben mit ihm geredet. Wir haben ihn wissen lassen nein, so, ja, deine Energie ist großartig. Mach weiter so, was immer du tust, ist super. ja, ich meine, wir stacheln das an und sagen, Alter, die Leute werden das absolut lieben, das ist genial. Die Leute werden das absolut lieben, ja, wirklich. Das ist verrückt. Und ich ich hab ihnen gesagt, Alter, ich hatte noch nie jemanden, der so ehrlich war und so, einfach so offen spricht. So, das ist cool. Wow. Ja, er ist super. Buchstäblich der coolste Elfjährige, den ich je sah. Du hast jede Menge Energie und Mumm. Deine Zukunft ist super rosig. Aber leider ist deine Zeit hier bei uns vorbei. Es tut mir wirklich so, so leid. Das tut wirklich weh. Alles klar. Alle Anwesenden waren absolut sprachlos. Die Emotionen sind echt. Alle, bitte einen großen Applaus. Schau. Geo war einer von fünfzehn Leuten, die eliminiert wurden. Das war eine dreiundfünfzig Sekunden Szene. Es ist verrückt. Und es trifft und es fühlt sich richtig an. Es fühlt sich nicht in die Länge gezogen an aber es ist so. Denn es gibt da verschiedene Spektren, Man kann es zu optimiert und schnell machen, und dann ist es anstrengend. Weißt du, so wie ich es vor Jahren gemacht habe. Aber dann kann man es auch übertreiben, nämlich wenn man komplett traditionell vorgeht und einfach das macht, was sie in Filmen und so und im Fernsehen machen, das funktioniert auf YouTube einfach nicht. Es ist langweilig. Dafür sind wir nicht hier. weil wir etwas anderes wollen als Fernsehen. Wir wollen nicht einfach nur Fernsehen auf YouTube. Also ich finde es ist so die richtige Mischung aus, das ist zu schnell. Das ist im Grunde Fernsehen, und man muss diesen Sweet Und bevor wir hier waren, denke ich, sind wir jetzt so ungefähr hier angekommen. Wir haben beim Storytelling noch einiges vor uns, worauf ich mich wirklich freue. Ich fühlte mich wegen dieser Eliminierung so schlecht, dass ich den Elfjährigen auf die Bühne holte, um mir zu helfen. Einen Applaus für Geo. An diesem Punkt, jeder einzelne Zuschauer außerhalb des. Ich war wirklich besorgt. Ich dachte mir, Mann, ich will nicht, dass Geo weint. Und ich dachte, bitte sei glücklich. Hilf mir. Und dann war Geo sofort wieder fröhlich und lächelte, das war toll. Oh, ich liebe es, wie. Und dann machst du von hier aus einen Speed Ramp. Ja, genau das ist es. Also spulen wir jetzt mal ein gutes Stück vor. Viele Leute wurden in der Zwischenzeit bereits eliminiert. Jep. Du hast vor der End-Challenge eine Herausforderung gemacht, um zweihundertfünfzigtausend Dollar an jemanden zu geben, der was tat? Also im Grunde alle Würfel abgedunkelt, und ich sagte, wenn nur einer von euch geht, gebe ich euch zweihundertfünfzigtausend. Aber wenn mehr als einer von euch geht bekommt ihr beide nichts oder ihr alle bekommt nichts. Jeder, der geht. Also sind alle abgedunkelt und 42 schreit sofort ich gehe. Keiner tritt raus, sonst bekommt ihr auch nichts. Weißt du, jeder wusste 42 sagte die Wahrheit, als er raustrat, aber 58 dachte sich ich will nicht, dass er mit zweihundertfünfzigtausend abhaut und sich opfert oder ich meine, ich ich spreche für ihn. Ich weiß es nicht. Vielleicht vielleicht dachte er einfach, niemand sei wirklich rausgegangen. soweit ich das beurteilen kann, denke ich, er hat sich geopfert, um ihm sozusagen das Geld zu vermasseln. Und. Und, ja, es war krass. Ich. Ich wusste nicht, dass das passiert ist. Als der Timer also auf null stand, dachte ich, 42 hätte gewonnen, und ich dachte, wow das war okay. Und dann passierte plötzlich etwas Unerwartetes. Oh, wow! Die Zeit ist jetzt um. Mal sehen, ob jemand. In diesem Moment, denke ich ich denke, buchstäblich diese Jungs wissen es und werden es mir gleich sagen. Ich weiß nicht genau, in welcher Reihenfolge das das ist, aber ich bin mir ziemlich sicher, sie werden gleich sagen, Jimmy, 58 ist rausgetreten. Und ich dachte, was zum Teufel? Der hier eine Viertelmillion. Weil ich währenddessen auch eine Werbeeinblendung gemacht habe, war ich sozusagen in einem völlig anderen mentalen Zustand als die Leute im Video. wie denkst du über die Werbeeinblendung? So, wenn es eine ungeskriptete Live-Show mit Hunderten von Teilnehmern ist? So. Ja, es ist. Äh. Es ist viel. Weißt du, da ist es für das hier. Es ist wir haben es vor dem Geld gemacht und so, und es hätte besser sein können. Ehrlich gesagt, bin ich froh, dass wir uns die Werbeeinblendung nicht ansehen, denn fang gar nicht erst damit an. Es hätte jeden erreichen können, aber, Eine Viertelmillion Dollar. Wache, lass die Vorhänge fallen! Die Musik, Mann, es ist einfach genial, wie sie sich langsam steigert, das ist wirklich gut. Das ist gut. Ich meine, die Cutter haben bei diesem Video ganze Arbeit geleistet und, so, Musik, von der ich keine Ahnung habe. Ich meine, das ist das Team, das wir haben, das diese Sachen zusammenstellt. Die sind die sind. Das spricht mich an. wir denken so viel über Sounddesign in unseren Intros und Trailern nach. Ich liebe es verdammt nochmal. Wenn ihr euch umseht, werdet ihr sehen, dass 42! der Einzige war, der rausgetreten ist! Bis zum Ende! Schaut euch ihre Gesichter an. Oh, mein Gott! Zwei Sekunden blieben übrig und jemand ganz da drüben ist in letzter Sekunde rausgetreten. In meinem Interview mit Mr. Beast habe ich angekündigt, dass wir die signierten Time-Magazine verlosen werden. Ich freue mich riesig, die ersten beiden Gewinner bekannt zu geben. Wir haben noch eins das ich an Leute verlosen möchte, die abonnieren und die Benachrichtigungsglocke aktivieren. Und als Bonus, wenn ihr euch für unseren Newsletter anmeldet, schicke ich euch alle Grafiken und alles aus dem Interview, einschließlich meiner Erkenntnisse, nach denen viele von euch gefragt haben. Und falls ihr es nicht wisst, unser Newsletter ist eine der besten E-Mails, die ihr als Creator bekommen könnt. Jede Woche schicke ich euch einige der besten Videos, Thumbnails der Woche und Neuigkeiten, damit ihr auf dem Laufenden bleibt. Das Letzte, wozu ich vorspulen möchte, ist das Ende, weil ich das Gefühl habe, dass diese immer herzlicher werden. Also hast du alle in einem Raum entscheiden lassen im Grunde, wer gewinnen soll. So würde es aussehen. Die Idee von 48 ist ziemlich einfach. Jeder wählt der Reihe nach, wer seiner Meinung nach das Geld am meisten verdient. Und wer am häufigsten ganz oben auf allen Listen steht der gewinnt den großen Preis, das Geld. Es ist auch verrückt, so denn offensichtlich haben sie entschieden, wer hierherkommt, und vieles davon hing von den Entscheidungen des Teams ab. Es ist krass, dass 47, 48, weißt du, die die ganze Zeit über sozusagen zusammen waren und fast eine Allianz hatten, es so weit geschafft haben. Die letzten beiden, zweihundertfünfzigtausend auf dem Spiel, und es zeigt sich, das ist, was ich ihnen allen am Anfang gesagt habe. Findet Freunde, bildet Allianzen, das ist es, was wir fördern. Und so die Leute, die es am besten gemacht haben, haben es seltsamerweise bis zum Ende geschafft. Und es ist so es gab viel Strategie dabei, und einige Leute haben das ausgenutzt und andere nicht. Aber wie ihr wisst, kann nur einer von ihnen diese zweihundertfünfzigtausend Dollar gewinnen. Ich wurde tatsächlich Zweiter. Ich hatte keine Ahnung. Auch hier nicht. Das war. Ich wusste es nicht. Du bist die Siegerin. Danke, Jesus danke, Herr! War so gut. Und wir hatten diese, so. Also wir haben wie ihr sehen könnt, so, eine GoPro hier wir hatten eine GoPro, glaube ich, da drüben. So, wir hatten überall Kameras. Aber, so, viele dieser Aufnahmen, die ihr vorher gesehen habt das sind wie Sniper-Objektive. Und es sieht aus. Und, so, auch die Bewegung, die ihr folgt. Denn wenn es, so, vergleiche die Energie davon mit, so, dieser statischen Aufnahme. Siehst du, wie flach sich das anfühlt? Also das mit reinmischen. Was, nochmal, nicht ich bin. Das ist mein Team, unsere Cutter und alle ihre, unsere Kameraleute sind Weltklasse und gut. So, ich bin zu dumm, aber, so, wenn ich sehe, wie sie das machen, denke ich, ich versteh's. Ich sehe, was sie machen, denn wenn es alles nur statische Aufnahmen wie diese wären, würde es sich einfach nicht richtig anfühlen. So, das ist auch. Weil es reingezoomt ist. Es ist ein bisschen flach. Aber die, die GoPro da drüben ist ein bisschen zu eng. Aber diese ich weiß nicht. Es ist einfach irgendwas an, so, einem Sniper-Objektiv, das jemandem folgt, während er, so, emotional ist, das Energie in die Aufnahme bringt. Patience. 47. Du hattest Mühe, andere zu eliminieren. Du hast die stärkste Allianz aufgebaut und für die Menschen um dich gekämpft. Jep, ihnen alles nochmal zeigen. Denn sie war sie Es ist krass, dass sie gewonnen hat, weil sie auch, so, als eine dieser fünf letzten Leute, raus wollte, und sie sagte, nein, du verdienst eine Chance. Und sie war die ganze Zeit über so nett zu den Leuten. Und, so. Und es war. Ich weiß nicht, Mann. Das war ich hätte mir keine bessere Gewinnerin wünschen können, weißt du? Stell dir mal vor, ein Weltkrieg 42 hätte gewonnen. Jeder wäre so drauf. Aber es ist so, ja, ich weiß nicht. Ich meine. ein Teil davon ist auch, weil sie so nett war. So viele Leute haben ihr die Daumen gedrückt. Das hat ihr geholfen länger und tiefer in der Challenge zu kommen. Ich lasse sie auf keinen Fall einfach gehen. Und deshalb ist es so. Einhundert Leute haben entschieden, dass das deine zweihundertfünfzigtausend Dollar sind. Schau das an. Das ist eine wirklich coole Aufnahme. Und keine Sorge. Alle vier von ihnen gehen mit zehntausend Dollar nach Hause, das ist toll. Sie haben zehntausend Dollar. Es war absolut unglaublich. 47, wir haben eine letzte Überraschung für dich. Komm jetzt raus. Mami! Du hast es geschafft. ich denke, das zusätzliche Element, die Familie dazuzuholen und Ja, Jimmy, deinen Stil sich entwickeln zu sehen und das Storytelling das ist einfach unglaublich. Es war gut. Ja, ich glaube als wir also bei den letzten fünf in diesem großen Würfel waren, hatten wir alle Familien, die wir kriegen konnten in Bereitschaft, also hatten wir sie sozusagen alle hinter dem schwarzen Vorhang da drüben. Deshalb fragen dann alle, wie hattet ihr einhundert Familien da? Es ist so, Leute, es sind nur fünf im großen Würfel. Und so hatten wir sie einfach in Bereitschaft für denjenigen, der gewonnen hat. Also, Alter, ich war süchtig danach, das zu sehen. Unterhalten, inspiriert. Selbst als ich es jetzt gerade gesehen habe, habe ich mich wieder im Video verloren. Es ist so ein gutes Video, und es ist so, so ein herzerwärmendes Ende. Die, die Familie war so authentisch. Sie haben sich so für ihre Tochter gefreut. Unglaublich. Es war so gut. Ich mag das. Wir müssen mehr davon machen. Das ist die Analyse. Danke, Jimmy. Gutes Video. Cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NailCouture [3000 likes]: Thank you so much, Jon, for another amazing video and thank you, Jimmy! I was always curious about these videos, how they were created.
This information is pure gold for us, creators 🥹❤
  2. @MdMunna-gp3dc [1 likes]: Good 😮 10:58
  3. @MdMunna-gp3dc [1 likes]: Good
  4. @mrchopzz [1 likes]: Bruh that mosquito pissing me off and it doesn't even affect me lol
  5. @MdJulfikar-w2p: Good 😮 0:09
  6. @Lapatouu: i think jimmy need to make one video with how can you improve video making without budget and inspect random videos on youtube
  7. @fluffythecat87: that fly deserves a raise
  8. @ALiTo-p1: Please Russian translation
  9. @littlebirdie3685: I've clicked here when I saw Habibi bro thumbnail, and now I see zero about Beast games S1. I don't like it - to feel cheated. Don't remember MrBeast lie to me before... Oh... It's not MB's channel.... hmmm.... got me thinking...
  10. @killerplayz-y1f: WOW I CAN BELIEVE MR BEAST WAS LIKE THIS
  11. @sujonsarker-i2w: wow very very nice Dada 🙏🇧🇩🙏
  12. @BLGaVeryFlyGuy: Seems all these videos spoils within intro what’ll be in the video way too much
  13. @lindsieambrose1395: Daily Reminder: JESUS LOVES YALL ❤️ 💝💗💕💛💝💖💚💓💕❤💌💛💖💝💙💌💓💖💝💗💘
  14. @Bdakzz: 14:41 bro was so happy
  15. @Everynightilookupatthestars: 17:40 woah jimmy😅
  16. @DanyilViznychak: I didn't even think the 100yr old would pass through the vid
  17. @yelllwow: My fav part is Jon trying to tactfully explain to MrBeast how horrible that suit was, and Jimmy just not getting it at all
  18. @ShanikaPeel: Great video as always!
  19. @MRdonatrum: Huge thanks to you, Jon, for another incredible video—and thank you, Jimmy, too! I’ve always wondered how these videos were made. This insight is pure gold for us creators 🥹❤
  20. @alenrosas: what did 42 said that was so outrageous?

- Planting 20,000,000 Trees, My Biggest Project Ever!: Kind: captions Language: en - [MrBeast] You guys spammed me to plant 20 million trees on Twitter, Reddit, all over my comment section. So I made it happen. Today, we will be planting 20 million trees. And we put 'em in the hole. Now we need mulch. Put the mulch around the tree, and we hydrate it. And there we go. (bell dings) And again. Hole, tree, mulch, water. And before we go any further, this is Sarah. She's a tree planting expert. Will this tree grow to be big and healthy? - I'm gonna look and see if I can pull on it and it doesn't pull out of the planting hole. (triumphant jingle) So good job there. - Only 19,999,980 more trees. Let's go! (all cheer) Yeah! - Oh yeah. - Sturdy? - Oh, very sturdy. - You could tug on this with a rope and it wouldn't come out. - Chris, I need help. Can you massage my tree for me? - Massage your tree? - I can't get it out of this pot. - Dude, it's like rock solid in here. There you go. - So talking to trees makes them grow faster? - Huh? - Grow! What do you want the planet to die, come on. - Grow. - Can you grow! - Do you see the sky? It's so beautiful. - You're gonna be a house for birds and stuff. (hands whacking) - You got toughen these trees up. Look at this. No movement. So the reason we're spacing the trees eight feet apart, is so the roots have to grow out and they don't have to compete. - It's kind of weird to put mulch around a growing tree, 'cause it's grinding up all of its relatives, and spreading it around them. - Bro. (upbeat music) - All right, well, it's started to rain. At least now we don't have to water the trees. No, but seriously, we wanna plant 20 million trees and a little bit of rain never hurt anyone. - If a tree falls in the woods, and no one's around to hear it, does it make noise? Yes. It's still a tree. - [Cameraman] Plant a tree in the middle of the forest- - Hold on, I've gotta do something important. - Oh okay. Timber! (explodes) - Why are you mad? - What is this? (bells dings) - It's a hole. - With a tree in it. - Look at this tree! Look. (jeans squelching) You see that? (man screaming) - After planting all day, we only managed to plant 300 trees. - Which is less than 20 million and my back hurts. - I put out a tweet and I have tons of people coming here tomorrow to plant trees. - I think I've got an idea for a drone. - So I haven't mentioned this yet, but this is Mark Rober. This is his channel. He used to work at NASA, he put this thing on Mars. He does a lot of cool things. He's gonna try with the drone, and we're gonna try with people. - Play to your strengths. - May the, the... alright. It's day number two and we brought a lot more people. (crowd cheering) And now we're gonna try to plant the 20 million trees. So step one is we need to give everyone their tree. - Can I have a fist bump? - Yes. - Oh my God. - Here's your tree. - I shall name him Russell. - Russell. - Look at all these people. We're easily gonna hit 20 million. (electronic upbeat tune) And now it's time to begin. Let's plant the trees. Unless you're him. He already planted it. - You're doing great. - Great, good job. Do you need help? - If you would like to help, go for it. - Dig right here, seems like the best spot. - The hole's too big. (dramatic music) - Tree review. (rock music) See the tug test? You don't want any oxygen in the root system or the tree won't survive. What are these people doing? That's a solid tree. - That's a solid boy? - That's a solid tree. - Okay, good. - That's great. Whoever planted that, amazing. Make sure you want to do a donut. Can I believe in you? Thank you so much for helping us do this, by the way. How'd you hear about this? - Oh, I saw the tweet. Had to hop in. - Ooh. Not bad. - Fits well, I like it. Thanks for helping with my tree, man. - Of course. - Appreciate it. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you as well. - I was honestly like, I have to do this. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. - We're gonna get to the 20 mill, right? - Oh 100%. No doubt. - Alright, cool. - Thank you. - Interview conducted. Look at all these people. Let's do a tree test. The way you know if they did a good job is if you can pull on it, and that one you can pull on. - You're killing it. - [Cameraman] How many trees have you planted so far today? - I have dug 473 holes. - Really? - How many did you dig? - Oh my goodness. - Hey you, digging. - Bro, how's it going? - I don't know. How's it going? - It's good. It's good. - Yeah? - It's pretty fun to plant some trees. - It is pretty fun to plant some trees. - You know. - Earth does a lot. - Earth does do a lot. (bell dinging) - Do a little tug test. Oh, she's nice. Oh, she's nice. We just need some- - There we go. - That's a good tree, man. - Good job Chris. - Dude, thanks. - Got 'em! - He gets a high five, you know, whatever. - The last tree. - Thanks Chandler. - As you can see, there are a ton of trees here. Now, we actually grabbed a drone shot beforehand. So here's the drone shot of the empty field. Look at it. It's empty. And here's the drone shot now. Is that a lot of extra trees? - Yes, it's quite extra. We had to. Yeah. - Cool. Unfortunately, despite having a large number of people, we came nowhere near close to planting 20 million trees. But I don't wanna let you guys down. So I devised a plan where we can actually plant 20 million trees, but I need your help. We partnered with the largest nonprofit tree planting organization in the world, Arbor Day. But we need your help. Every dollar donated, they will plant a tree. Watch. Here's a dollar and I donated it. - Another dollar, another tree. - Here's $10 and I just donated it. This is $30 and guess what happens when I donate it? Even Chandler can do it. - Another one. Another one. - Yep. - And another one. - Arbor Day and their partners are the pros. They've planted hundreds of millions of trees, they'll make sure they have a high rate of survivability and they genuinely do care. If you donate a dollar, something like this ends up in the ground. And given enough time, this will turn into this masterpiece. Now one thing I want to address. I personally haven't always been the most environmentally friendly. We've burnt the box for it and we've done many other dumb things. And a lot of you might be of the mindset of the old me. That was basically someone else will figure it out. But that's not how it works. We genuinely need all the help we can get. And honestly, I've done everything I can. I got a bunch of fans together and we planted thousands of trees. Me and mark have invested months of time behind the scenes into getting this all together. And I'm personally planting a hundred thousand trees, AKA a hundred thousand dollars donation. I've literally tried my best to do everything I can. And now it's your guys' turn. You guys have been spamming my comment section and spamming my mentions on Twitter telling me to do something. And now I wanna see that same energy. We only have one earth and it's important we take care of it. Recently, lots of not so great things have been happening to forests and people just keep making fun of our generation for retweet activism and not actually doing something. Which is why we created teamtrees.org with the help of the Arbor Day Foundation. This is your chance to make a difference. For every dollar you donate here on YouTube or at teamtrees.org, a tree will be planted. And the Arbor Day Foundation are really good at what they do. These trees will have an extremely high rate of survivability. Please donate now. Don't push it off till later, you might forget. This is our chance to show the world we care. Teamtrees.org, donate there or donate using the donate button below the video. Thank you. (bomb exploding)

  Top Comments:
  1. @RitaSavita-gp8xn: save tree save earth
  2. @MdmanikMiya-b8x: অনেক সুন্দর ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  3. @DavidmackMakita: Je suis beaucoup tes vidéos Mr beast aide moi financièrement stp
  4. @simplimkidschannel3151: Oppy🥲
  5. @NooreRamzanKareem110: Dear MrBeast,

My name is Abbas Hussain. I am a student and a big fan of your videos. I really like how you help people and make the world happier through your kindness and hard work. Your videos inspire me a lot.

I am writing this letter because I wanted to tell you that you are one of my favorite creators. The way you help poor people, plant trees, build wells, and support those in need is truly amazing. I hope one day I can also help people like you do.

Thank you for making entertaining and meaningful videos. May you continue to grow and inspire millions of people around the world.

With respect and love,
Abbas Hussain
  6. @rasyid-c9o: 20 million
  7. @fouzia519: I have a challenge for you.This will be your great challenge if you rescue a girl from Pakistan. I need help from you to manage an orphan girl in Pakistan. This is a great challenge. It is very hard nut to crack to rescue the girl from an old man. Please help me.
  8. @DeepakBeniwal-o6b: Plantation on mars in future oh very crazy😊😊
  9. @Deansuperwin: dean winss...
  10. @Dittodog: i like mark
  11. @ElisabethOphuis: Mr beast te best
  12. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  13. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  14. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  15. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  16. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  17. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  18. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  19. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh
  20. @nazrolislam8880: please Mr beast. please give me. I like you ❤❤❤❤❤❤I am from Bangladesh

- How Mr Beast GAMED the System (Genius Marketing Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en I built the world's most dangerous escape room and if this contestant can finish it in less than one hour he wins a hundred thousand dollars this is Mr Beast one of the most popular YouTubers on the planet with over 100 million subscribers and over 17 billion views on all of his videos combined his videos averaged tens of millions of views and take over YouTube by storm every time he releases a new video he is widely considered the most successful YouTuber of all time but how did he do it well I'm here to tell you that while Mr Beast is a marketing genius what makes him so ahead of the game is actually very simple in order to understand this we need to take a look into how Mr Beast markets his videos and what makes them so watchable main reason Mr Beast is so successful is because he gets these two things right click-through rate and watch time so how does Mr Beast make his videos so clickable well he utilizes a killer thumbnail and an amazing title while Mr Beast may have an insane budget these days making it very easy for his videos to sound interesting giving him an advantage over smaller YouTubers however he didn't always have this huge budget and in order for him to gain traction he started using this tactic in his earlier days of YouTube his titles are always short and snappy and always holds some sort of shock value being able to spark someone's interest with a few words and this is something that's incredibly important in the world of YouTube his videos are also based around a huge idea and he allows his title to communicate that very quickly meaning people understand exactly what the video is before they even click on it as for Mr B's thumbnails you'll notice that they are very simple and almost amateurish looking however this is intentional his thumbnail has completely fit the videos he makes while also focusing on just one or two things while making them look as interesting as possible this Simplicity allows people to understand what the video is and combine that with his short and snappy titles it makes for a very clickable thumbnail moving on to what makes this video so watchable well firstly he gets straight to the point today we are filling my brother's house with elephant toothpaste and then we're gonna surprise him with a brand new house and you might be wondering why well I got out my brother is covering Carl's house with sticky notes and I thought it'd be funny if while he did that we filled his house with elephant toothpicks prank Inception he explains exactly what's going to happen in his video while leaving the actual results as a mystery and on top of that he just has fantastic ideas the ideas themselves are things that people want to see combine that into a longer video and it drives the watch time way up which then further promotes his videos on YouTube allowing them to go viral another reason why Mr BEAST's videos are so successful is his style of editing his videos are always very carefully cut together in order to keep your attention there's absolutely no filler and everything that's in the video drives the story forward streamlining your video in this way can have a huge amount of benefits as YouTube values retention so much the longer people stay on your video the more watch hours you receive and the longer people stay on YouTube he also has lots of different characters in his videos that also help retention as people want to see their story and their emotions this is why Mr Beast is such a marketing genius and watching his videos can really teach you an awful lot about YouTube thank you for watching this video guys if you did enjoy it hit that like button and check out the rest of our Channel where we have tons of tips on how to use digital marketing for yourself [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ghotyolocanisyn2880 [1 likes]: You forgot to say “because he gives ppl free money”
  2. @shourya9029 [1 likes]: Why the heck do you have so less subscribers when your content is good

- MrBeast $500M Marketing Strategy Explained In 23 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Mr Beast is a marketing Mastermind his chocolate brand Feasta will do $500 million in sales this year his YouTube channel gets over 2 billion views every single month and he'll likely be YouTube's first billionaire and he's only 26 years old and in this video I'm going to share 15 Big Marketing lessons that I learned from Mr Beast after spending hundreds of hours studying him that you can use to make more money from your marketing and just in case we haven't met my name's tis I'm a marketer who's made over $30 million in sales for some of the fastest growing brands in the world and my goal with this channel is to give you the best free marketing information that helps you make more money so with that being said let's dive into these marketing lessons from Mr Beast marketing lesson number one is model what works one of Mr BEAST's biggest marketing secrets that he uses to be a viral video creation machine is he looks for other pieces of viral content that performed well and then he makes his own version that's 10 times better for example his most popular video series on YouTube is his $11 versus Series where he Compares a $1 version of a product to like a million dooll version of that product and each video in the series gets hundreds of millions of views but he got inspiration for that video series from BuzzFeed which is another popular YouTube channel where he saw they did $1 donut versus ,000 donut and he saw it did really well for them now on top of that he saw the concept of comparing something really cheap to something really expensive going viral for multiple other YouTubers in different Industries so so he knew there was an appeal and mass interest in that type of video concept so he knew if he recreated that idea and made it 10 times better and took it to the next level he could go hyper viral so what did he do he created $1 plane ticket versus $500,000 plane ticket or $1 car versus hundred million car and it crushed it for him because again he wasn't Reinventing the wheel he took a proven winning concept and took it to the next level Mr B said himself this is one of the most overpowered strategies to going viral so you want to make sure as a marketer you have a pulse of what's working in your industry what offers are crushing it what ads are working well what content's going viral and then what you want to do is you want to recreate them with your own twist keyword your own twist you don't want to just copy and paste them you want to make them your own and Elevate them to the next level and if you do that there's a high chance it'll work for you too because you're modeling success you're taking a proven winner so that's lesson number one is model what works marketing lesson number two is Max up what works once Mr Beast has a video concept that's working well he does as much of it as possible before it burns out because he knows once you have something that works well just do more of it and make it better that's going to give you way more output than always trying to find a new thing and a great example of this is his $1 versus series he knew that was getting traction so he created six more videos following this concept now keep in mind six videos for Mr Beast is a lot because each Video cost millions of dollars in in production and months to make and you see this over and over again he did this with his tournament series his protect series and his Survival series he rides the trend and gets as much juice as possible from it so the key lesson here as a marketer is when you have something that's working well whether it's a traffic Source or a product that you launch or an ad campaign do as much of it as possible and make it better that's going to give you way more output than always trying to chase that shiny object so remember that do more of it and make it better before you try to recreate marketing lesson number number three is the power of personal brand Mr Beast has one of the biggest and most engaged personal brands in the world and this personal brand is what allowed him to build a $500 million year Chocolate Company in its third year in business which is crazy because Mr Beast knows if someone's at the grocery store and they're thinking about buying chocolate and there's 20 different options in front of them if they recognize his face and his brand they're probably just going to buy his chocolate because if you look at all the other chocolate competitors in the space right now whether it's Hershey's Cadbury or Mars there's no personal brand that's attached to it now compare that to febles it's personal brand lead and because of that he is using this competitive advantage to disrupt the chocolate industry like my prediction is in the next 20 to 30 years he is going to be the biggest chocolate brand I just don't see how that doesn't happen because he has more distribution than anybody else and if his chocolate tastes as good or better than the current competition and there's that personal element people are just going to buy febles instead so this is why you're seeing these personal brand Le companies that are dis disrupting Industries whether it's Prime by Logan Paul and KSI that did over $1.3 billion in sales last year and is disrupting the drinks industry or terman tequila by The Rock which is valued at billions of dollars or Kylie Cosmetics which is Kylie Jenner's brand which made her billionaire and this pattern is only going to continue to repeat itself because people relate with other people not just companies anymore so you want to make sure as a marketer for your company you ideally have a personal brand or someone who can create helpful content for your audience audence that they can build a relationship with this can be you if you're the business owner or you can partner with an influencer to create content for your brand and if you do this correctly you're going to get way more conversions because now you have that personal brand and that relationship with your audience marketing lesson number four is fail fast Mr Beast knows failure is just part of the game and the faster you fail the faster you can figure out what works for example in an interview with Mr Beast the host asked him hey do you ever get upset when you spend millions of dollars creating a video and the video fails and Mr Beast responded saying yes it does hurt but what he does is he takes all of his energy and he figures out what can he learn from this failure because as long as he can learn from this failure and use that failure to improve his next video his videos will continue to get better over time and this is such a good lesson for marketers because as marketers we are going to launch things that fail whether it's an ad campaign a piece of content or a new product we launch and when this happens the worst thing we can do is beat ourselves up about it instead what you want to do is look at it and figure out why did it fail and learn from it because the faster you fail the faster you can figure out what works so make sure to remember that the faster you fail the faster you can figure out what works that's lesson number four all right quick break and we'll get right back to the Mr Beast marketing lessons but if you want to get 20 plus free marketing courses and trainings that I used to generate tens of millions of dollars in sales for my clients all for free go to marketers playay book. that's marketers play. or the first pin comment below and all you have to do to get them is put in your best email address and I'll send them your way all for free again that's marketers playay book. or the first pin comment below put in your email address and I'll send them your way completely free so apart from that let's get right back into the marketing lessons marketing lesson number five is split test what matters Mr Beast knows one of the most important marketing skills he can put his energy into that provides disproportionate returns is split testing and what split testing is is testing multiple different versions of something until you find the version that's working best for example let me walk you through his split testing process to find a winning thumbnail and what a thumbnail is is the image of the YouTube video that makes you click on it and it's one of the most important factors that determines the success of the video so step number one is he has a separate thumbnail team that creates over 40 different drafts of thumbnails for that video then step number two is they narrow it down to three thumbnails that they want to test for that video so they go from 40 versions all the way down to three then then step number three is they launch the video and test those three thumbnail variations to see which one's the winning thumbnail that has the best click-through rate and retention and that's their winner but they're not done just yet because then they move on to step number four where they continue to make micro adjustments to that thumbnail to make it even better and what I mean by micro adjustments is they take that winning thumbnail and they might change the color slightly or the text or maybe the color of the shirt Mr Beast is wearing just these small micro adjustments to increase the performance and click through rate of that thumbnail and that's a huge reason behind why Mr Beast videos are able to go so viral because every single area that affects its performance is hyper optimized so you want to make sure as a marketer you split test the key areas in your business that drive the most results for example one of the best activities you can do to increase Revenue if you have enough traffic is every single week make one split test to your website to increase conversion rate most business owners aren't going to do this but if you do this over the course of the year you've made 52 split test to optimize your website and by doing this you're going to have a website that's hyper optimized and converts the max amount of visitors into customers and that's going to give you a competitive Advantage so you want to have that mindset of constantly split testing and improving your Baseline that's lesson number five marketing lesson number six is nail the hook Mr Beast is a perfectionist when it comes to the first 30 seconds of his YouTube video because he knows if the first 30 seconds of his video doesn't hook you in and sell you on why you need to watch the rest of the video it's not going to matter because you're going to click off and do something else and all the millions of dollars he spent on making that video is not going to matter so he spends disproportionate energy on getting the first 30 seconds as good as possible and if you want a great example of this watch this video I tied up an FBI agent the first 10 seconds of the video starts with an opening scene where there's an FBI agent tied up and they're in like an attic and then Mr B says I tied up an FBI agent if he steals this $100,000 from me he gets to keep it here's a knife let's go that is the hook it's short it's sweet it engages curiosity and it has you bought in on the storyline like is this person going to catch Mr Beast and get the money or not and that's what you're going to see as a pattern throughout the rest of his hooks they're short sweet to the point engage curiosity amazing storyline and there's usually a ton of scene changes to keep you engaged in that content because again he knows if that hook is not perfect and it does not sell you on watching the rest of the video the rest of his video is not going to matter so make sure as a marketer you adopt a hook first mentality and this means you put most of your energy on getting the first 30 seconds of your video right if it's a long form video or if you're creating a short form video the first 5 to 10 seconds of your video perfect because again this determines if the person is going to watch the rest of your content and if you do this your content is going to perform so much better so that is lesson number six marketing lesson number seven is make things easy to understand Mr Beast knows if he wants to be the biggest content creator in the world and create videos that reach hundreds of Millions millions of people his content must be as easy and simple as possible for people to understand whether it's someone who's 8 years old watching his content or 5 years old watching his content they need to be able to understand it because if they don't understand it they're going to click off his video and that's going to hurt his retention so the way he does this is he keeps the scripting on his videos below a fifth grade reading level on top of that he uses story lines that anyone can understand and he uses thumbnails that are as simple as possible for the video concept he's creating and because of that he's able to create videos that have Mass Appeal that anybody can watch I even heard one story where he wasn't sure if one of the videos he created was too complicated so what he did is he played back that video to people of all different ages from old to Young and only when every single one of them were like yes I understand this concept did he upload that and that really illustrates the point of how he understands that his videos must be as simple as possible and this is a great lesson for us marketers because our goal is to communicate clearly and simply to our prospects because a confused Prospect does not buy like remember that a confused Prospect will not buy so it's your goal to communicate as clearly and simple as possible and the way you can do this is if you're writing any sort of copy use an editor like Hemingway and make sure your writing level is below a fifth grade reading level on top of that you can also read your content out loud before publishing it and any areas that you stumble on or that are too confusing edit them out and if you do this your marketing is going to be much more persuasive and you're going to have more conversions because your goal as a marketer is to communicate simply and clearly marketing lesson number eight is obsess on the data if you watch any interview of Mr Beast you know he's obsessed with data and analytics because he knows the better he understands the data the more clarity he has on what adjustments he needs to make to improve for example he hyper analyzed his YouTube video retention graphs and if there's any point in the video where that retention graph dips down he will analyze that section of the video to see what port needs to be improved so for his next video he has less retention and it's not just for his YouTube videos also for his chocolate brand febles I saw an interview where behind him on the Whiteboard was just a bunch of graphs and data about the chocolate industry in terms of how fast it was growing what the competition looked like everything about it because again Mr Beast knows the better he understands the data and analytics the better decisions he can make so as a marketer don't be afraid of the data you want to look at it you cannot improve something you do not know the data behind for example if you're running Facebook ads you better know what your cost per acquisition is your cost per lead is and your cost per click you need to have that data handy like a big mistake beginner marketers make is they're afraid to look at the data and see the truth they just go blind and because of that their results always suffer now expert marketers they confront the data headon because they know by having that data they can make better decisions because they know what areas they need to improve so as a marketer obsess on the data and by doing this you're going to be able to make better decisions that drive results forward marketing lesson number nine is find a common enemy nothing rallies people together like a a common enemy and Mr Beast knows that if you look at his marketing for Feasta bles the common enemy that he's fighting against is Hershey's and the old chocolate brands that have most of the Shelf space because if you look at his videos he just trashes those old chocolate brands and Hershey's and he talks about how they taste like and they're made of bad ingredients while Feasta bles the good guys are made with simple ingredients and it tastes a lot better so now people rally against this common enemy and they want to join his mission of saving the chocolate industry from the bad guys and this is much more persuasive than just buying his chocolate so you want to make sure if you can in your marketing find a common enemy that your audience can rally behind and again this is far more persuasive because if they can get behind it they're not just buying your product but they're also standing up for something they're standing up for a cause and a common enemy Which is far more persuasive like this is one of the most powerful Concepts if you can understand this so that's lesson number nine find a common enemy in your marketing marketing lesson number 10 is study marketing Mr Beast is the best content marketer in the world right now now and it did not happen by accident Mr B spent over 50,000 hours studying viral YouTube videos at the deepest level possible he mentioned on a podcast with Joe Rogan that back when he had 10,000 subscribers he met up with four other YouTubers who had around the same subscribers and they spent 10 plus hours every single day studying and Hyper analyzing viral YouTube videos so they would study the pacing of the videos the editing the titles the thumbnails literally everything end to end until their brain pretty much became the YouTube algor algorithm and at the end of this intense study period they all went from having 10,000 subscribers each to having millions of subscribers now one key thing here that's really important is they didn't just study they made sure to implement at the same time so they were all creating content on YouTube but they took the learning lessons from the study period into their content and that's what catapulted their growth so as a marketer make sure to constantly study good marketing whether that's successful ad campaigns reading books or investing in courses and education around marketing but what's most most important is you're taking these learnings and you're applying that in the real world and if you do this you're going to be able to progress so much faster like this is what allowed me to learn marketing really fast is I invested in courses in education and I also spent a lot of time studying good marketing and by doing this my brain started picking up on what good marketing looked like and it translated to the work I was doing in real life so don't forget this and constantly study marketing marketing lesson number 11 is make your content platform specific before Mr Beast publishes any piece of content he makes sure to see what it looks like on all the different platforms and devices it's going live on so he can meet the viewer where they're at for example he knows that his thumbnail editors design their thumbnails using a desktop so what he wants to do is test that thumbnail and see what it looks like on mobile as well because what's visible on desktop might not be visible on mobile same thing with his video once it's edited he'll see what it looks like on different platforms to make sure all the edits they made are congruent across every platform the videoos going live on and that attention to detail is what allows them to get the best results possible on every piece of content he creates so as a marketer before you publish any campaign or piece of content make sure you meet the reader and viewer where they're at make sure it's both desktop and mobile optimized and make sure any platforms that the content's going live on you see what it looks like because again different platforms have different aspect ratios and if you just publish a piece of content and you don't have this attention to detail you might lose out on a lot of viewership because you're not meeting the viewer where they're at this is such an important lesson so make sure to do this marketing lesson number 12 is to go through your process like a customer would and I love this lesson because Mr Beast knows one of the best ways to improve your marketing is to go through your marketing exactly like your customer would there's a great story where one day Mr be spent 15 hours visiting all the local Walmarts and targets that were supplying his chocolate Feasta bles to see how they were selling it and he came across one location where the sales for his chocolate was really low so when he went to visit that store what he noticed was there was no chocolate on the shelves and if there's no chocolate on the shelves you ain't going to make any money so what he did when he dug deeper is he found out the store did have his chocolate in stock it was just stuffed in the back of the storage room so all he had to do was get the chocolate out of the storage room put it back on the shelves and the chocolate immediately started selling again but he would not have got this Insight if he didn't go through the marketing process like a customer would so the key lesson here as a marketer is we need to go through our marketing process every once in a while like a customer would and make no no assumptions and I guarantee you every time you do this you're going to find areas in your marketing process that can be improved and where there's a disconnect that's causing you to lose out on sales like there is a reason companies spend tens of millions of dollars every single year on secret shoppers because they know by fixing those areas they can get massively more output from their marketing so go through your marketing process like a customer would marketing lesson number 13 is assume nothing and this is a really powerful marketing lesson I learned from Mr Beast because if you watch any interview of Mr Beast you can tell this guy's a retention machine because the moment the interviewer asks him a question that he feels that the viewer or the reader doesn't have enough context on before he answers the question he'll literally look in the camera and then provide more context to the viewer and then answer that question and the reason he does this is he knows if the viewer doesn't have enough context of what's going on they're going to feel lost and confused and then watch something else and bounce so he makes sure to explain everything fully and clearly and this is such an important lesson in marketing because we never want to assume that a reader knows what's going on we want to explain everything clearly and fully and if we do this we're going to increase our viewership because again a confused and lost Prospect is not going to buy so explain everything clearly and assume nothing marketing lesson number 14 is Master storytelling one skill Mr Beast said he's trying to become world class at is storytelling because he knows humans have been communicating with stories ever since like the dawn of time and a good story can make everybody every body feel the exact same emotion no matter how old they are or where they're watching it from at the exact same time that's how persuasive and Powerful stories are and if you watch Mr BEAST's more recent videos you can tell he's really developing strong story arcs and people are starting to notice like if you watch his video $110,000 every day you survive in the wilderness where the concept is he got two people I think their names are Grizz and hay and every day they survived in the wild together they make $10,000 and there's a Twist in the middle of the story when they're 30 days in they made $300,000 they're both really happy and in good spirits Mr Beast brings in their family to visit both of them and then Hayes's wife tells him hey you've made enough money I need you back home to help me look after the kid because they have a newborn and then Hayes is really having this big internal conflict because does he want to stay longer and make more money or does he go back home to be with his wife and kids and every time he brings this up to Grizz Grizz persuades him to stay a little bit longer to make more money and you can tell that this is causing a rift between both of them and the tension starts to increase and at this point they're like 70 days in right so they've been in here for a while and you can tell that Hayes is like noticeably depressed and there's a lot of tension going on and then Grizz has like this complete character Arc moment where he says hey you know what man I should have done this a lot earlier you've been here for long enough and then he takes the flare gun shoots it up in the air to Signal the end of The Challenge and they go home early and then everybody in the comments section is cheering them on saying how incredible the story was how invested they are in both of them and how Grizz is such an amazing friend yada y yada but it's all because they had good storytelling and a buildup because a good story everybody can understand and it gets you more bought into the characters increasing the video retention so as a marketer one of the most important skills we can develop is the power of Storytelling there's a reason why some of the most successful marketing campaigns of all time are story based because everyone in that market can relate to that story and that problem and I'm not going to go over how to learn storytelling in this video but there's two books you can pick up to go more in detail one is expert Secrets by Russell Brunson and then you should check out building a story brand by Donald Miller those will give you a better idea of how to communicate stories in a way that sell so that's marketing lesson number 14 is Master storytelling marketing lesson number 15 is know your audience and this is arguably one of the most important lessons in marketing and Mr Beast knows this he says multiple times his goal is to create the best videos on YouTube and he knows in order to do that he has to have a deep understanding of his audience and what they want to see in order to make this happen so one thing he did very early on and he still does to this day is he reads his comments he interacts with his community he makes sure to understand what they like and what they don't like he wants to really get in bed with his audience because the deeper he understands them the easier it is for him to create things that they love and ultimately that's all business is it's creating things that people love to use or buy and he does the same thing with his chocolate brand febles there's a reason he visits the physical locations and why he talks to his customers because again the better he understands his audience and his customers the easier it is for him to create something that people love to use or buy so we want to make sure as marketers we get in bed with our audience and customers we know them at a deep level we know what motivates them we know what problems they face we know how they want to be perceived by others because the deeper we understand them the easier it's going to be for us to create marketing messages that strike a nerve and compel them to buy so know your audience that's lesson 15 all right so those are my favorite marketing lessons I learned from Mr Beast and I hope you found them helpful now again if courses and trainings that I use to generate t of millions of dollars in play. or go to the pin comment below and your email address tell me where to send them and I'll send them your way all for free again that's marketers playay book. or the pined comment below put in your email address and I'll send them your way all for free apart from that I'll see you in the next video cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThisuraChandrarathna [3 likes]: Get 20+ FREE Copywriting & Marketing Courses HERE: https://marketersplaybook.io/
  2. @woeski5123 [2 likes]: how does this video only have 1.7k views it should have at least 100k
  3. @CARnalRides [2 likes]: Damn, so much value 🔥
  4. @KaiGraupe [2 likes]: First! Your vids are the best way to start the day bro 🔥
  5. @mick106 [1 likes]: Such a big inspiration and learn a lot brothers squad from India 🇮🇳
  6. @mkbusiness3561 [1 likes]: whats your IG sir?
  7. @Messi10forever...... [1 likes]: Messi's new hydration brand gonna take over the hydration world within the next few years.
  8. @KhandakerShahin-iq9kv [1 likes]: if you want to increase your popularity on social media you should share your show off times and winning businesses and you should also attend in some podcast

I think that😅
  9. @Aestheticteachings [1 likes]: Bro!! Break Iman gadzhi marketing strategy
  10. @Rameshray15: ❤❤❤
  11. @Aiden-if3lf: hey just some feedback you should add more photos about what you are talking about
  12. @FaustoRdz: Thanks for the value!
  13. @AbdullahKhan-n7b1f: Mention resources to START learning marketing and email copy writing
  14. @aravnd: Bro.! Where is your services ranking video?
  15. @CopVideos606: This will be your most viewed video
  16. @Fodhilallia: hello thisu always a pleasure watching your videos used your outreach teqniques and got a lot of rejections is it the objections that i need to fix or the offer ( i do ghostwriting/ copy for clients who want personal brands in X) thanks so mush in advance

- MrBeast is a Genius: Brand vs. Marketing: What's the difference?: Kind: captions Language: en brand we is marketing what's the difference what's the difference there's so much confusion out there regarding brand and marketing and from my experience people don't seem to know the difference and when I'm saying people I'm also talking about CEO CFO CMO and all those three letter titles even marketing professionals and agencies that I work with there seems to be a lot of confusion in the whole industry no wonder when you have marketing experts on YouTube and diverse platforms telling you branding is your logo name and design element that can for sure be part of your brand but it's more to it as we will cover in a minute we often think of Brands as companies like apple Google Microsoft Amazon McDonald's Visa 10cent Louis Vuitton MasterCard and Coca-Cola I'm not going to confuse you all of them are amazing Brands except 10 cent that is because 10cent does everything to be fair the 10 most valuable brands in 2023 and I'm not seeing the big four ones disappear in near future when I talk about this I often get the question which one of the companies do you think will Outlast the other I will reveal my answer and my thoughts about that a little later but what do you think comment your opinion below they're going to love this video later years I've grown to be a huge fan of Mr Beast if you don't know who that is you better open your eyes he is the perfect example to use in this video as he is one of the biggest brands I can think of and he is a personal brand think of the companies I mentioned earlier it's more than likely that you heard about Steve Jobs Sergey Brin Larry Pig Bill Gates and Jeff basos they are all super famous and they all have their personal brand are close tied to their company so why would I mention Mr Beast of all the people I just mentioned I think Mr Beast personal brand is the only one that is strong enough to open 300 restaurants in one single day and with marketing applied to his brand sell out of hamburgers the first day you see every video he put out to our big old worldwide web is a marketing video but he is the brand when you look at his commercials they are all so well articulated that it's almost impossible not to enjoy them many people don't even understand how well articulated this marketing is let's use an example where he managed to use the first 10 seconds of a video as a marketing ad and at the same time hook you into the video this is a $1 billion super yacht and it's big enough to hold an entire city on the water how do humans build this stuff and I'm going to show you the difference between this wo that's a crazy intro not only is he using the first 10 seconds to promote a product then later in the video promotes the product for a full 2 minutes and 57 seconds and the viewer yes the viewer is just thinking what an amazing video it is this is totally mental imagine being able to promote one single product for 3 minutes to now 307 million viewers and they all think it's amazing that guy knows a thing or two about content marketing the video I'm talking about an ad for Royal Caribbean cruise ship Harmony off the Seas and when we do a small analysis of Royal Caribbean traffic you can see that most of their traffic from social media is from YouTube search data is is a bit difficult to measure in a good way as you can see there are increases in the traffic when the video launched in June 23 search data is complex when you have this much data and Co changed search data for a lot of Industries and especially for the cruise industry as the whole Cruise industry shut down for a period in 2020 now the big question is this branding or marketing for Royal Caribbean well the answer is it's both now I'm going to use the sentence that I've probably heard the most times in the marketing Community well they got their logo exposed to 307 million people so it better be darn good branding well of course getting your logo exposed is fine and all and it's good to be exposed in many different places or touch points as we professionals call it there's a big debate regarding the human attention span and if it decreases or not either way it's uploaded a lot of content many places we humans get attacked from brands from many different angles and we get a lot of different impulses so you need to expose your company more times and more places than what you needed before for people to remember you so what is my take on The Branding benefits for Royal Caribbean to not only do one but two Mr Beast videos a short disclaimer before we continue in this video as you should never underestimate your audience and I know a lot of you guys are way smarter than me I know I'm saying that the Mr Beast video is exposed to 307 million people which is actually not correct as it shows views and exposures while the most expensive Super Bowl commercial of $16.5 million has the potential to reach 110 million people that get exposed to the same at once so it's still 110 million exposures my point there is that I don't have access to know how many people Mr Beast reach in each video but based on common YouTube data I would say that it's safe to say that he reached well above 200 million people with this video the cost for Royal Caribbean to use Mr Beast is insane I don't know how much Mr Beast charged for one video but I know he tries to get his client to pay per CPM CPM means cost per Mill and Mill means thousand in latine French and Italian so it's the industry standard for explaining how much a commercial will cost for 1,000 views I don't find much reliable data online for how much it would cost for an Advertiser to do ads on a Mr Beast video as he belonged to a secret Club of YouTubers that only the top 10% of advertisers are allowed to advertise on so he also get much higher CPM prices the most reliable I can find is between $8 and $10 so for Royal Caribbean that is not sponsoring the video with a YouTube ad but actually collaborating with Mr Beast to create content about them I would assume at least double the ad cost an estimate would be at least $20 for every th000 views this would give a cost for Royal Caribbean of around 6 m140 th000 in reality the ad is worth much more as a Super Bowl commercial lasting for only 30 seconds cost over $7 million and only reaches 110 million people Super Bowl is looked upon as the Holy Grail of commercials but only reaches 1/3 of the people that you reach with Mr Beast and you get a lot less exposure time as I said this is just rough estimates Mr Beast might be charging much more but let's look further into the cost all of which we have to ourselves have fun boys oh it's that way Mr Beast and his crew was alone on the harmony of the Seas I don't know for how many days but let's say one to be modest the average Cruise tourist of Royal Caribbean spend $629 and the average length of a cruise is 7 days so they would pay $232 for one day of cruising and for what I could find on Royal Caribbean the occupancy rate is 102% so I confident when I'm calculating 6,687 guests the one day cost to not have the cruise filled with guests would be a little over $1.5 million so we can say that the commercial would be around 7.5 million we can easily say that the marketing director in Royal Caribbean has both a good standing in the company but more importantly caravellis is really good at her job genius what the so why is this a better commercial than super bow and how does it affect the brand because a brand is a feeling and every company of magnitude and every personal brand of magnitude has millions of micr brands in existence if the brand has no history with you and no association with you whatsoever you would most likely not even notice their logo let's say you recently got Dept collected on a parking ticket that you're are super angry about because you did everything in your lawful right so there is no way you are going to pay that ticket so when you are at the shopping mall and you see that depth collection agency logo on a billboard it would not trigger any good feelings inside of you would it but here's the thing Mr Beast have millions of super fans the fans that would do everything that he says let's say 3 millions of his subscribers are super fans if thousands of those super fans would have a bad experience with Royal Caribbean before they would most likely like Royal Caribbean a little better after that video because if Mr Beast is a fan of them why shouldn't they be of course Mr Beast is also at the risk of losing some fans in this scenario but the reward outweighs the risk as Royal Caribbean is no depth collection agency but a cruise giant many people has good associations to but what about the other hundreds of millions of people well Mr Beast is one of the most liked YouTubers out there and no wonder I'm a pretty skeptical guy but even I have bought into the fact that he's a genuinely good person that really wants to help people because he could use his video to do bad stuff as many YouTubers actually do but he is doing good stuff for the planet poverty and all kinds of stuff over at Beast philanthropy if I had a company big enough to run Mr Beast commercials I would jump on it right away because I could quickly start generating a feeling towards my company and with amazing branding your goal is to control what people feel when they see your brand in other words the brand is a feeling a person have when he or she sees your your logo name color palettes or patterns while branding is you trying to manage what those feelings should be to manage feelings you have to promise something to your customers and you have to keep that promise in every decision every customer interaction like marketing activities product and customer service but wouldn't that make the Mr Beast video marketing yes it does but the marketing aligns closely with the brand statement there's also a chance that Mr Beast has so loyal fans that they would instantly be loyal to Royal Caribbean while branding branding is all about loyalty the long-term results is loyalty and gives higher value for each clients while marketing is about the short-term wrest I'm not going super Advanced into marketing tactics in this video as this video is about brand vs Marketing in the video description there are affiliate links to product commercialized in the video Mr Beast would of course get his revenue from this as well the first affiliate Link in the video description is to Feast balls his own chocolate brand which is also mentioned several times during the video and had the most epic launch commercial where he built Billy Wonka's chocolate factory and got 285 million views on a 16-minute long commercial for his chocolate brand the affiliate links used are bitly links and they help you track where user are coming from this way you can measure the effects of YouTube videos traffic sales and conversions that are happening outside of YouTube and you can measure it pretty accurately the next affiliate link is the brand new ship from Royal Caribbean icon of the Seas which is very similar to Harmony of the Seas and then you have an affiliate link to Harmony of the Seas out of the 307 million people that saw the video many of them have clicked on those links that's one of the reasons why I was shocked to see that Royal Caribbean are sending the traffic to a 404 page after they renewed their landing page of icon of the Seas they should use redirect links so they don't fall into the Trap of sending users to a page that doesn't exist and of course all the people who are clicking Royal Caribbean links will get into Royal Caribbean marketing lists and with the information of where they came from in my opinion Royal Caribbean should use this information to build a funnel out of this video as this video would be all the way on top of their marketing funnel the awareness stage so they could use this intro from Mr Beast video in their Facebook ads and just twist a little bit on it it's important to act a little stupid in this case so that the user don't feel too monitored or stalked in other words so even though you can show an ad to a person with 100% accuracy you should tone your message down a little bit and for real Caribbean it could be something like this have you seen the Mr Beast video $1 v$1 billion yacht the 1 billion doll yacht featured in the film is our cruise Harmony of the Seas book a ticket now for the full m Beast experience this is marketing in other words branding is the what and why well marketing is the how when and where so let's say someone creates a social post and they say it's created for Branding let me say this that doesn't exist every single social post every single ad or every single collaborator should take brand into account we can of course say it's branding for the ease of explaining it to the client but isn't part of what we are doing trying to increase the knowledge to our clients and in reality this is content marketing created to get loyal followers who wants to purchase your products but that social post is still marketing and branding at the same time the brand is what your company is about and why it is about that if Royal Caribbean brand statement was the same as the ocean Conservancy which have the brand statements and vision a world where the ocean are teaming with life free from pollution and protected for the future Generations it would make no sense to have cruise ship as your main product would it if Royal Caribbean aims to provide its guests with unique and memorable Cruise experiences while ensuring their safety and the safety of their employees and the environment which is actually Royal Caribbean's brand statement well then they have to align their marketing with their brand statement and the brand statement gives them a lot of room to do cool stuff and get their company into the masses it is also possible to run a cruise ship company and care about the environment at the same time that's why Royal caribon has taken huge sleeps into improving the sustainability in its products and improving the products with the focus on the brand statement well that's branding because they manage the meaning of the brand but when they make a landing page promote it in ads and tell their customers about it it's marketing the marketing is the strategy and the tactic put in place to promote their branding efforts does it make sense but you said that the Mr Beast commercial was branding no I said it was both because all commercials is taking brand into consideration and the commercials that they are running or the influence ERS that they are using has to align with their brand imagine if Mr Beast was the opposite of what is getting 300 million views by punching strangers in the face how would that impact Royal Caribbean's brand so the 10 companies which one will live the longest first off it's almost impossible to project especially with Brands like Coca-Cola and Louis Vuitton but of the tech companies I believe that Apple will live the longest as apple is luxury or as marketing Professor Scott Galloway says it rather the Sleek Gadget is a status symbol that says if you m with me your kids are more likely to survive than if you carry an Android phone with that I wish you good luck with your brand and marketing efforts

  Top Comments:
  1. @mackowacko5166 [2 likes]: I feel like this is going to blow up really soon. Honestly, if it does, it proves all of your points, as it verifies your knowledge on this topic. Either way, I feel this was a very well made video! Amazing job!

Edit: Also, this doesn’t feel like your first experience making content and whatnot, yet this is your only video. Where did you get your experience from/did you have a channel before this?

- Mr Beast Marketing Strategy Finally Explained: Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered what could make Mr Beast go wild it's not about his crazy one dollar to one million dollar tests or his jaw-dropping donations it's a strategy so straightforward you'll be left wondering why didn't that pop into my head so are you ready for some fun because this is going to be as electrifying as winning the lottery but how did Mr Beast go from making random videos to becoming a philanthropic Powerhouse well it wasn't an overnight Journey let's take a look at how Mr Beast started it all or Jimmy Donaldson as he's known off the internet didn't become a sensation overnight his journey began in 2012 when he first started posting videos on YouTube back then his content was mixed ranging from gaming videos to commentary on the worst YouTube intros but as he experimented and evolved he discovered a unique approach a winning formula Mr B started to crank out extreme challenges and epic acts of philanthropy he was dropping videos that had people's Jaws hitting the floor like counting to a whopping a hundred thousand or tipping a pizza delivery guy with a cool ten thousand dollars these vids were not just Shockers they were total game changers and the YouTube viewers started to take notice but Mr Beast wasn't about to hit the pause button there he hit the turbo button on his mission to make a difference remember when you launched the team trees campaign aiming to plant 20 million trees or when he opened a free food bank or sold cars just for a dollar his videos were no longer just about the lulls they were about spreading the love and making a positive impact this killer combo of entertainment and humanity is what makes Mr Beast a true YouTube Legend it's what's earned him a spot in the YouTube Hall of Fame and it's this very approach that our secret strategy Taps into but what strategy took Mr Beast from a regular YouTuber to philanthropic sensation well it's time to pull back the curtain well it's surprisingly simple yet incredibly effective the strategy is all about giving to gain Yes you heard it right Mr B strategy revolves around giving away to gain more views subscribers and impact you might be thinking isn't that what all YouTubers do give away some merch or shout people out but Mr Beast takes it to a whole new level he gives away massive amounts of money cars and even houses he invests heavily in his videos often spending thousands or even millions of dollars to create unique entertaining and impactful content but the more he gives the more he gains his generosity attracts viewers his extreme challenges keep them hooked and his genuine desire to make a difference wins their hearts this strategy is unique to Mr beast making him stand out in the crowded world of YouTube so the giving to gain strategy simple unique and Incredibly effective and the best part you can use it too but more on that later for now let's see how this strategy plays out in Mr BEAST's videos and why it works so well now you might be wondering how does Mr Beast react when he uses his giving to gain strategy well the answer is simple he loves it you can see the joy and excitement in his eyes every time he gives away a huge Prize or completes a crazy challenge take for example the video where you opened a free car dealership and gave away dozens of cars or the one where he bought a private island and then gave it away to a lucky fan in each of these videos you can see Mr BEAST's genuine happiness at making such a big difference in people's lives he's known for his outrageous heartwarming giveaways that leave his fans in awe I remember the time he tipped a waitress ten thousand dollars or when he gave his 40 million subscriber 40 cars these aren't just videos they're life-changing moments for the people involved Mr Beast generosity doesn't just stop at cars and Islands he also loves to help in more personal meaningful ways like when he helped a blind man see for the first time in 10 years or when he provided a homeless man with a new home these moments of kindness and generosity Define Mr Beast and is giving to gain strategy and then there's the time he open opened a free store where anyone could come in and take whatever they wanted or when he bought every item in a store and donated it all to a local food bank these acts of kindness show how Mr Beast uses his platform to make a real difference in people's lives but perhaps one of the most touching moments was when he was giving a struggling mother a hundred thousand dollars to help her and her daughter get back on their feet it's moments like these that show the true power of Mr Beast giving to gain strategy Mr Beast once revealed in an interview that he often spends more money on his videos than he makes but for him it's not about the money it's about the joy he gets from helping others and the impact he can make he loves to spend and invest in his content knowing that every dollar he puts in is used to spread joy and make a difference so if you're as inspired by Mr BEAST's generosity why not show some love hit that like button share this video with your friends and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more amazing content but why does this strategy work so well for Mr Beast well it's simple the answer lies in the unique blend of entertainment shock value and genuine Goodwill that his videos offer firstly the scale of his giveaways and challenges is enough to grab anyone's attention when a YouTuber is giving away millions of dollars buying private islands or tipping waitresses with ten thousand dollars people are bound to take notice the this draws viewers in and keeps them coming back for more secondly Mr B's videos are not just about giving away money or prizes they're about creating entertaining engaging content the challenges the reactions the suspense all of these elements make his videos fun to watch even beyond the giveaways lastly perhaps most importantly Mr B's strategy works because it's genuine beers can tell that he truly enjoys giving back and making a difference this authenticity resonates with people and makes them more likely to support him whether by watching his videos subscribing to his Channel or participating in his campaigns in essence Mr Beast giving to game strategy works because it combines entertainment generosity and authenticity in a way that few other YouTubers do it's a strategy that not only brings him success but also allows him to make a positive impact on the world seen how Mr Beast uses the giving to gain strategy but how can you make it work for you don't worry you don't need to have millions to give away this tragic can be tailored to fit any scale and any platform first off consider what you can offer it doesn't have to be a pile of cash or pricey gifts it could be your time your expertise or your platform to provide free tutorials or advice could you use your platform to Spotlight a worthy cause the goal is to offer something valuable that your audience will appreciate next make your giveaway entertaining this could be through fun challenges competitions or creative presentations the aim is to engage your audience and make your giving enjoyable and finally keep it real audiences can spot insincerity a mile away ensure your giving comes from a genuine desire to help and make a difference so while you might not be able to give away islands like Mr Beast you can still apply the giving to gain strategy uniquely it's all about providing value creating engaging content and staying authentic who knows with this strategy you might be the next big thing on YouTube so viewers the secret behind Mr B's success is his unique giving to game strategy a blend of generosity entertainment and authenticity that allows him to make a real difference in the world it's a strategy that any of us can adopt in our own way to make our content more engaging and impactful so let's take a moment to appreciate the genius of Mr Beast and the power of giving until next time keep creating keep giving and keep being awesome

- Starting a YouTube Channel in 2026? Steal MrBeast's Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever seen a kid on YouTube analyze a platform so intricately that they become the most powerful creator on the internet? Even if you aren't a follower of Mr. Beast, you've definitely heard of him. But you might not know how humble his beginnings were. He dominates an entire attention economy that extends beyond his own channels. And love him or hate him, it's a pretty impressive story. Mr. Beast didn't dominate YouTube by being the funniest, most attractive, or most controversial creator. Instead, he won by outworking the algorithm, outspending his peers, and out optimizing an industry that didn't yet realize it was an industry. As of now, Mr. Beast is the most followed individual creator on YouTube. His main channel surpasses 450 million subscribers and hundreds of millions of views per upload. Across platforms, his audience reaches well into the hundreds of millions. His videos cost millions of dollars to produce. His business, Beast Industries, reportedly generated nearly half a billion dollars in revenue in a single year. And somehow none of that feels accidental. This is because Mr. The story starts with fixiation, not fame. Hey friends, I'm Anna the Marketeteer, your friendly neighborhood marketeteer baddy. I break down the marketing, branding strategies of celebrities, creators, and campaigns so we can both learn and grow our personal brands together. And today we're looking at the brand of Mr. Beast and how he became the internet's most bankable creator. We'll look into how he rose from obscurity, how he engineered virality as a system, why generosity became his strongest narrative asset, and what his empire reveals about modern branding in the age of spectacle. But first, I know most of you watching aren't subscribed to my channel. If you've been liking my videos, please hit subscribe right now to support the channel and get weekly breakdowns just like this. And don't forget to join my newsletter, Marketers Memo, to get your free authentic branding checklist. The link is in the description below and also you can listen to these episodes on Spotify as well. The link is also in the description. Now, let's break it down. Obsession as positioning. Jimmy Donaldelsson from Greenville, North Carolina joined YouTube in 2010, but uploaded his first YouTube video in 2012 at 13 years old. The channel name was Mr. B6000, and the content was unremarkable. He appeared to be a teenage boy who made videos just for fun. Gaming clips, commentary, trendchasing experiments, videos that barely cracked double-digit views. But what Jimmy lacked in talent and polish, he made up for in obsession. While other kids watched YouTube for entertainment, Jimmy watched it like a puzzle. He studied thumbnails. He studied titles. He studied watchtime, retention graphs, and click-through rates long before creator economy became a buzzword. This is all pretty advanced and impressive for a kid entering high school. According to interviews and profiles, he and a small group of aspiring creators would spend hours dissecting why certain videos blew up and others didn't. Apparently, they didn't focus on the entertainment value or humor in videos. Instead, they thought more like marketers and content managers asking questions and watching trends related to the algorithm and viewership. This is the first and most important thing to understand about Mr. Beast's brand. It was built analytically before it was built emotionally. He started by asking what works and why before developing a character or personal brand. The breakthrough came in 2017 when Jimmy uploaded a video of himself counting to 100,000. >> 99,76 99,77 99,78 99,79 99,710. It took nearly 40 hours. It was ridiculous, boring, and completely unignorable. Yet, the video went viral because it embodied a single extreme commitment to an idea. It promised something absurd and then delivered it in full. It went beyond traditional entertainment. That was the moment his brand DNA crystallized. And the first lesson we can take away from Mr. Beast becomes clear. Processes can be more valuable than personality. Understanding and obsessing about what works and what doesn't can be a practical first step for creators before zeroing in on a persona or content niche. Signature differentiator scale as the story. Mr. Beast built this brand around escalation. After counting to a 100,000, he doubled down on endurancebased spectacle. reading the dictionary, saying one word tens of thousands of times, even watching paint dry. Each video displayed proof of commitment, while others on YouTube were just general content. Then came the pivot. Jimmy at one point questioned whether the same endurance logic applied to money. While doing good deeds on clamor for clout has become a common, highly contested reality of YouTube and Tik Tok in recent years, people still argue that Jimmy's deeds and generosity are genuinely helpful. He's tipped servers thousands of dollars. He gave strangers stacks of cash, handed out cars, houses, islands, and eventually life-changing sums that most creators wouldn't earn in a decade. But here's the key branding insight. Money wasn't the product. Scale was. Every video trained the audience to expect that the result would be bigger and more jarring than they anticipated. And that expectation became the brand. People didn't click because they truly cared who won, but because they trusted the escalation. A key takeaway from this is Mr. Beast is an example of differentiation done right. Not novelty for novelty's sake, but a repeatable emotional promise to viewers. You will be amazed by the magnitude. Engineering attention. If you ever felt like Mr. Beast's videos all followed the same structure, you're on to something. No, that's not a flaw. That's brand grammar. His videos are ruthlessly efficient. The first 5 seconds tell you exactly what's at stake. The hook is blunt. Last sleeve wins $1 million. The audience knows the payoff immediately. From there, the pacing never breathes. Editing is fast. Narration is constant and every moment either raises tension or resets it. There's no indulgence or filler scenes that exists just for spectacle. Even the thumbnails, while some argue are a bit tacky, are engineered for instant comprehension. The bright colors and big dramatic faces are instantly recognizable. And interestingly, Jimmy himself isn't always framed as the hero. He's neutral and background in some of the content. And the challenge itself is the protagonist. That decision does something subtle but powerful. It removes ego from the brand. Mr. Beast isn't asking you to admire him. He's asking you to watch something unbelievable unfold. That restraint is part of why the brand scales without collapsing under its own personality. And that's something all creators can latch onto. Sometimes the idea is the hero, not the person. The spectacle itself can be the star in certain settings. Philanthropy as narrative leverage. One of the most important evolutions in Mr. Beast's brand was the shift from giveaways to impactdriven generosity. Early on, he received a $10,000 brand deal and decided to give all the money away to strangers. That video changed audience perception and performed very well. Suddenly, Mr. Beast wasn't just a guy with money. He was a conduit. Then came larger initiatives, Team Tree and Team Seas. These are fundraisers that mobilized millions of people and raised tens of millions of dollars for environmental causes. They were charitable moments for Mr. Beast. But for his followers, they doubled as cultural events worth being a part of. Eventually, he launched Beast Philanthropy, a separate channel and nonprofit focused entirely on giving, proving that Mr. Beast, the entertainment brand, could remain spectacular and fun. On the other hand, Beast philanthropy, the impact brand, could remain earnest and missiondriven. A key lesson here is that baking generosity into a brand often works better than leveraging it for PR stunts. It's viewed as more authentic and generally becomes a part of the brand itself. From creator to infrastructure, at a certain point, Mr. Beast stopped being a YouTuber and became infrastructure. He launched Mr. Beast's Burger as a virtual restaurant brand, scaling to hundreds and then thousands of locations almost overnight. Then came Fastables, his chocolate and snack brand. None of his food has been positioned as luxury or gourmet, but as a physical extension of the Mr. Beast universe that fans wanted to be a part of. Jimmy has said repeatedly that he puts nearly everything back into production. Some videos cost millions of dollars to make. That reinvestment strategy reinforces his brand. Bigger videos mean bigger expectations. Bigger expectations means more attention. And more attention means more leverage. His legacy and cultural permanence. Mr. Beast's influence isn't limited to his own channel anymore. He's reshaped creator expectations industrywide. creators now talk about production budgets, about retention curves, teams, writers, editors, and analysts. He normalized the idea that content creation could and should operate like a high performance media company. And while critics argue about exis, ethics, or sustainability, the brand itself remains remarkably consistent. Every video still delivers on its core promise. This will be bigger than you expect and worth your attention. That consistency is why the brand hasn't cracked under scale. Defining the brand. So if Mr. Beast's brand was in a strategy document, it would be deceptively simple. The pillars are scale, clarity, and reinvestment. Scale ensures awe while clarity ensures retention. Reinvestment then ensures momentum. And the emotional promise underneath it all is this. I will work harder for your attention than anyone else. And that's a powerful promise. And so far, it's one that he has kept. Mr. Beast teaches us that you don't need mystery to build desire, just consistent delivery. He proved that obsession beats charisma when paired with systems and that brand grammar, the repeatable structure of how you show up matters more than novelty. He also demonstrated that removing ego can actually make a brand feel bigger and that generosity when embedded into the narrative rather than tacked on his PR can become a growth engine rather than a cost. In conclusion, Mr. Beast explored and exposed how modern branding and virality works. He didn't become the most popular YouTuber by chance. He's shown the world that it isn't always about relatable content, but about a massive promise and overd delivering on it. So, the audience expects you to do it all again and shows up for it. So, here's the question I have for you marketeteers. What promise are you making with your brand? And are you brave enough to scale it? Thank you so much for watching today. Drop your favorite Mr. Beast moment in the comments below. Please don't forget to subscribe to the channel if you've came all this way in this video. Hit that like button. to share with a friend if you care. Feel free to subscribe to Marketers Memo if you like more content like this where I dive deeper into these ideas and topics. Follow me on IG and Tik Tok @ the marketeteer. DMs will not get answered. If you have branding or marketing questions, send me an email. It's in the description below. Thank you so much for watching today. And until next time, marketeteers, stay inventive, stay extraordinary, and most importantly, stay you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dem2099 [3 likes]: This video is amazing btw
  2. @fashionologypod [1 likes]: your editing is ridiculously good🤏🏽🤏🏽 baddie indeed
  3. @bloodymonopoly: great content keep going
  4. @bloodymonopoly: your voice is sublime
  5. @subscribe-g.n: Small YouTubers let's gather here. 2026 is our turn 🎉

- Would You Rather Have $100,000 OR This Mystery Key?: Kind: captions Language: en - [Jimmy] As you guys know, I like to give away money, but in this video, we're gonna do it a little different. I'm gonna give people a choice. Would you rather have this $10,000 in cash, or this key that goes to something expensive? (key slamming) You have 10 seconds to decide. - 10, nine, eight, seven, six, five- (Javier groaning) - Which is it? (timer ticking) Ten grand, or- - Four, three, two- - The key, the key, the key, the key, the key, the key. - Okay. (team clapping) - Yeah. We hate money! Woo! - You just turned down $10,000. You don't know what this key goes to. (laughing) - Okay. I'm not really sure if I should have took the key, but my gut feeling says like, you gotta take the key. So I gotta go with my gut. Gotta go with my gut. (team chanting) - Guts. Guts. Guts. Guts! (Javier laughing) - Key. Key. Key. Key. - All right. So. (upbeat music playing) Right around this corner over here, you'll see what this key goes to. - Cover his eyes. - Hold on, hold on. - All right. Face that way. - Javier. Take your hat off. - No way! - You just- - A brand new car! Guess how much it's worth. - More than 10 grand? - It's worth $26,000. (cash register dinging) - Woo! (team cheering) - Let's go. - You wanna get a shot? - Yeah. - Javier. Javier. - Where you wanna go, boys? - Hey, guess what? You win something else. - What is it? - I'll give you your wallet back. - My wallet? - Javier, you took the risk. You got the W, what do you wanna say? - Listen to your gut. I had a good feeling. - Gut gang. - Congratulations on your $26,000 car. Throughout this video, we're giving away many more cars and hundreds of thousands of dollars. This is just the beginning. Next scene. This next giveaway is two diamonds. One of these diamonds is worth $25. And one of these diamonds is worth 6,000. Go ahead. You can touch 'em, do whatever you want. One is worth $6,000, and one is worth only 25. - Okay. I have no clue, but because I'm standing right here, I'm gonna pick this one. - I'm stressed. So can you tell any difference between the two diamonds? - This one looks faker. - What does that mean? - It looks plastic. My hands are like this. - Why is this hand twitching so much more than that? - Because I feel like- - That one's heavier. That means that's the diamond. - It's this one. - So your choice is this diamond. - It's my diamond. - Yes. - Oh gosh. It's the fake one. (box clicking) - No way. (buzzer sounding) - The most important thing you got out of this, friendship. - Until you leave, then it's over. (contestant laughing) - For our next giveaway, I want you to flip this. This side says $0 and this side says a thousand dollars. Give it a flip. - We want- - Yeah, big money! - Okay, hold up. Now you can keep that thousand dollars, or you can risk it to flip this. This side is $0, and this side is $10,000. (participant clapping) - For sure. - I want it at least above your head. - All right. - All right. And... (cardboard clattering) - Wait. What? - Stay right here. Do not move. Taylor, don't let him move. - Dude. What was going through your mind? $10,000. - I didn't wait this whole time for a thousand dollars. (Taylor clapping) - That's what I'm talking bout! - I'm going big, or I'm going home! - Once in a life time opportunity here! - All right! - Oh. - You can risk your $10,000 for a chance at $20,000. But this side still says zero. - Do it, do it, do it. (Jimmy clapping) - I am. - He did it! - $20,000. I'll be right back. (team laughing) - I don't know, man. I don't know if I wanna keep going. - There's no way he goes for this. - [Person Offscreen] No way. - [Jimmy] I think you're crazy if you do this, but $40,000 or zero. - I'm gonna call my girlfriend and I'm gonna FaceTime her. - Babe. - Hey babe. - Your man just won $20,000. No joke. - No! - If it lands on this side, it's $0, it lands on this side, it's 40,000, or he could just walk away with 20 grand. - Babe, 20 grand's a lot... I'm gonna be honest. I came here to win. - Ooh. - And I felt I've done that. (disappointed audience track) - Oh yeah. I thought he was gonna say, "I came here to win, so let's do it." - I'm gonna settle for the 20. - I am curious if you would have won. - Man, don't do that to me. - Come on. - You gotta see. - Are we listening to Taylor? - Listen to me. - Our next bit is gonna be an interesting one. So this is Anna and as high as she counts, I'll give her money. So just count to ten. - One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. - So no joke. You can count as high as you want. And every single number you count, I will give you a dollar at the end of it. - The only stipulation is, if you skip a number, you go back to zero. - Go ahead and start. - One, two, three, four, five- - Have fun counting. - 87, 88. - Steele, do not let her skip a number. - 91 92 93- 104, 105, 113, 114, 128, 129, 130- - [Jimmy] 140, 143, 144, 145, - 131 - Works every time. - Start over. (Anna screaming) - Next up is Juliana. You can take $2,000 in cash, or shoot a free throw for $10,000. - Make. - Make a free throw for $10,000. It should go in the hoop. - I'm gonna shoot a basketball. - Wait really? - She's puttin' her hair up! I'm a little nervous. This is $10,000. - Shh. I'm thinking. (team conversing) Chandler, stop talking. (ball bouncing) - Come on. Here we go. First time- (electronic chord playing) (Juliana screaming) - Yay! Yeah! (palms slapping) - She stepped it up. She knew what she had to do. - I told you, I played before. - Here you go. Plop that cash in here. This is now your briefcase full of money. Guys, is this for real? - Congratulations on your money. Chandler, let's do something fun. Do you wanna bet $10,000 that you make it? If you make this free throw, I'll give you 10 grand. But if you miss, you give me 10 grand, which I'll donate to charity. You don't have to do it. - I want to, but I'm very nervous that I'm gonna miss. (Juliana laughing) - It's just a car. Rent for a year. (Jimmy gasping) (basket rattling) (team exclaiming) Wow, I love how he almost threw the ball at Chris, like Chris did something. (team exclaiming in slow motion) (Jimmy laughing) - This ain't fair. I got this new ring on and it messed me up. - Why don't you go hug him. - Ryan, we need huggies. - None of y'all are my friends. None of y'all talked me out of it. - I wanted to, but I'm so confident in your skills. - It's gonna be okay. - Just think about charity. I've always wondered if I dropped tons of money, how much could you catch? Let's find out. And... (crane whining) Right here. Okay. We have Tim down there in the circle, and we have tons of money. Let's do a little sprinkle. Sprinkage. All right, Chandler, join us. Whatever you catch, you can keep, by the way. (Tim grunting) Oh, does this feel condescending to anyone else? (Chandler cheering) What if we throw it at him? - Hey! - Hey, I'm ready. - Let's go, boys. (cash fluttering) Chandler, hit it off the ceiling. - The money is literally stuck in the ceiling. - Yo, we gotta get it down. - Are you guys curious? What the girls counting are up to? - Yeah, actually. - 6784, 6785, 6786. - Wow. I can't believe they're that high. We're high as well. - We should go down. - Just get us to a point where if we fell, we wouldn't die. How much money did you catch? - $1,929. - And according to Google, that's when the Great Depression hit. Yeah! - Up next is Noah. Now I want you to pick, hat, shirt, or umbrella. - Hat. - He was very confident in that. (Chandler clapping) - Let's go! - Okay. And now we go up again. Are you ready? We ready for what? - There's $8,071 in this box. Whatever you catch, you can keep. I'm literally about to dump a ton of money. It would've been 10 grand, but the other guy took, it was like- - 1929. - Oh yeah. The Great Depression. Here we go. - Ready... (cash thudding) - Oh! - Oh, oh no. - Oh, you're dropping it. - I'm holding too hard. We're dropping more. - What? - Just scurry away. - Oh, god... - Scurry. - [Person Offscreen] What are you gonna do with this money, man? - I'm gonna see if he'll let me buy his Tesla with it. - Ain't no rainy days here. - You really couldn't have told me I was not making a good choice when I chose the hat? - You chose the hat so quickly. I didn't even- - Oh my God. - Are you counting? - Somehow Noah caught $1,920, exactly $9 less than the other guy. - Now I do need to ask you though, would you be willing to take $1,900 for your Tesla? - How about if you beat a different challenge? I might consider it. - So gimme a second. - I don't, I didn't know that I could just challenge Jimmy for his Tesla. (palms clapping) (both laughing) There's no way I'll win to Tesla here. Right? - I have 10 cups and I'm gonna grab a cheese ball. If he guesses the cup with a cheese ball, he can have a Tesla. In this ZHC video, ZHC gave me a customized MrBeast Tesla. But at the end of the video, I had Chris and Chandler play rock paper scissors for it. - I won. - And Chris won. Chandler. You sad about that? If he wins, can I just buy you a new Tesla? - Yeah, I guess so. - Perfect. Noah, come on over. There's 10 cups here. One has a cheese ball under it. If you pick it, I will give you Chris's Tesla. (Noah sighing) All right, fine. It's not this one. There. (Jimmy thumping table) - Now you have a one in nine chance. I'm not doing that again. I'm gonna go over here. - By the way. If you win it, you have to clean it out. There's a lot of trash in the back. - You gonna pick? - (laughing) Wait! (Noah cheering) - Did he actually get it? - I've given away my car, I guess! - So I really randomly won? - There is only one. (cups clattering) - How did you do that? - That's crazy! (Chris laughing) - On the bright side, you get $1,900. - Oh no. You get to keep your $1,900. - I get to keep the money too? - Yeah, you can keep it. (Noah and Jimmy laughing) (Noah clapping) - One in nine? - Got the Tesla for you. - And it comes with all his clothes. I cannot believe I just won a Tesla. - You wanna get in your new car? - Oh, absolutely. - Hey Chris, do you mind unlocking it for him? - Oh, it's unlocked already. - Oh my God. Let's go! A Tesla's my dream car, too. - Same. - Now, your friend literally only got $1,900, and you walked away with a $50,000 car. - He's the reason I was invited here today, too. So thank you, Tim. - I'm sorry. - I kind of want my new Tesla to be black. - Huddle up. Huddle up. Huddle up. Okay. Now that Chris no longer owns a Tesla, Let's go back to filming. - Yeah. Yeah. - For this next bit, we're giving away another car. This is Cameron. He was in this video. (video popping) But you're back, and you can win money this time. - Woo. - Listen to this sound. (engine revving) Sounds like a car. And listen to sound number two. Also sounds like a car, but here's the thing. Only one of those sounds is an actual car, and the other is fake. If you guess which one's real, you get a car. - One more time. - Ooh. You can hear that shifting in that. Sounds like a fart first. (all laughing) I don't know, I really like the shifting that I can hear from this one. So I'm gonna go with number one for sure. - I'm going to show you where we got audio clip number one. - Karl, come here. So I want you to show them. I hate stuff like this. - That was, oh my gosh. No way. - This is what you picked. This right here. (Cameron laughing) I'm gonna show you what you could have got. - Oh no. - This is what you could have had. - Wow. - Oh come on, jump up in that. - Karl! You guys might be able to tell by now, I don't handle people losing well. Take over Karl. (Karl laughing) - Oh no. Look your car's coming. - Drive by! - [Cameron] No, I don't like that car. (trombone buzzing) - Bye Cameron. Good luck. - No. - Good luck with your trumpet. - We got more to film. - You know what they say? Third times the charm. I'm giving you a chance to remake the $10,000 you lost, again again, and before he shoots this free throw for $5,000, let's go check on the girls counting. They're probably close to $10,000. - 9177. - 9178. - All right. So you're getting close to 10,000. (Anna cheering) - Sheets of- - I know, it looks like someone's having a manic episode. - Wait. What was I? 91- - 43, 82, 71- - 94- - Six, three, eight, 99,504. (girls chanting numbers) - Hey Chandler. So they're at a really, really high number. Honestly. I'm kind of surprised, but anyways, you wanna shoot this free throw? (bell dinging) Yes! - Yes! - If you make this three pointer, you get $10,000. (all cheering) - Yes, yes! Yes, yes. - You have now won 10 grand, which makes up for the 10 grand you lost here. Play the clip. - Yes, yes. - No, the clip of him losing 10 grand. (all exclaiming) Do you wanna risk your $10,000 for 20,000? I know you do. Come on. - [Chris] Yeah. Hoo! Hoo! Hold up. We're grabbing a car. Thank you. - He made it. - Gimme this thing. - (Jimmy) Let me take this. You just won $20,000, which technically is 10,000, 'cause you owe me 10,000. Ball me. That's a trombone. (trombone clattering) If you stand behind this line, which is really far away, show the viewers. - It's almost- - 50 grand. - You think I can make this? - No. (claps) - Honestly. Everyone's really quiet. - Go broke or go home. - It's more than broke. If he misses this, he still owes me 10 grand. - It is a good clip. Let's watch it one more time. Play it a hundred times on the screen at the same time. - Tyler? - Do you think it's dumb for him to risk $20,000 for this shot? - Absolutely not, because it's not my money. (Chandler slapping ball) So let's do it. - Chandler! Chandler! - Yeah! - Oh, that's off. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. - I need to just stop putting you in these predicaments. (playful music playing) - I'm just gonna start just giving you money, so you can't lose it. - That would be great. - (laughing) Okay. - 11,150, 11,151, 11,152, 11- - We can't just let 'em count forever. Let's give 'em a time limit. - Jimmy. If you keep letting them count too much longer, it's gonna cost you an arm and a leg. (trombone buzzing sadly) - We have some news we have to break. You have one hour starting now. Okay. And then we're gonna come back up, and give you whatever you're at. - And you also have to restart? - From 11,248, 11,249. - Good luck. - Have fun. - 11,251, 11,252- - I hope you make a lot of money. - Thank you. 11- - Three six five eight nine 10. So here's how it works, Troy. If you guess the cup with the car key, you win the car. - You got this. - Karl, I'd like you to escort Troy where he can't see the cups, and use this if he gets a little aggressive. - Right this way. We're gonna teach your swing. Okay? - Perfect. Just like that. All right. - All right. So we're gonna take this. (key clattering) Okay. We're gonna take this. - Looks a little wobbly. - Keep looking in that direction and not that direction. - Troy. Come see if you win a car. - There's eight cups here. Two have car keys. I'm gonna go under here. - Gosh. You're smart, Jimmy. - Hover over the cup you think has a car key in it. - Don't touch it. 25% chance. - This one. - That? - All right. You wanna lift it up? - Oh, oh- - Let's go. Let's go! (Troy screaming) - Let's take him out outside and show him his brand new car. Tada! Come on! - Look at that, man! - [Karl] Watch out. - Karl, no. - Oh. (laughing) - All right. Hop on in. - I'm feeling really good. I won a car, dude. We good. - Watching Troy win a car kind of made me feel bad for you losing 10 grand. - But you did have this chance here to win it back. - Yeah. I didn't. - Zach, come here. We're going to let your brother try to redeem you and win your 10 grand back. - Oh my gosh. - You pick, red balloon or white balloon? - White. - Pop a white. - Go for like the four right there. You see the four? - Oh, that's a good idea. (balloon popping) Step back. This is for five grand. Pop a red. - Oh, red? - Karl, you can just stand over there. - Go for the four right there. - That one, or that one? - That one. - Oh. Okay. Wait. - Yeah. Let's go! - I'm halfway out of the hole. - Take a step back. This one is for $10,000. Chandley you might wanna hype him up. - Come on, Zach. You got this. There's four right here. Just like we've been doing. - And don't forget. None of this money's going to you. It's for him. - Yeah. You got this. - That's awesome. - All right. Pop a red balloon. I'm nervous. - I am too. (palm slapping) - Okay. Now Chandler, you are now outta debt. You lost 10 grand here, and he just won 10 grand back. But! He can risk it for 20 grand. - Jimmy, I'm going for it. Come on. - Really? This is for up 10 grand. We're good right now. - We're going for it. - All right. (laughing) Chandler, you might be at 10. (Zach cheering) - We're rich! - Well, Chandler got money. - Wait. - You were playing for Chandler. - You got money. - Chandler got money. - Let's do 30,000. - We're not doing it anymore. I'm good. (claps) - I'm going. - He's going for it. If you hit this, you boys get $30,000. But if you miss- (dart thudding) (hat thudding) - We've got cheese balls, though. Oh wait- (balloon bouncing) we- - Bro, it's not that hard. It's not that hard, man. - At least you two are still brothers hug it up, hug it up. We have each other. - But not 10 grand. - I'm handsome. - The girls' timer just hit zero formation, boys. (chanting grunts) - [Karl] Could you imagine hearing this coming towards you? - We should probably stop it. They might be weirded out. - 14,439. - Stop your counting. What is your final number? - You just made $14,439. - Yay. - What are you gonna buy with it? - I'm gonna pay my student loans off. - Yes. Student loans! - Come on over here. This is $14,000. (girls screaming) 339 bucks. That's loud. They're screaming very loud. I've seen people less excited- - Oh my god! - to win a hundred grand on the show. All right, there you go. - Yeah. They're kind of heavy. And you got this briefcase. Here, you forgot a little bit of money. (explosion booming) ♪ MrBeast 6,000 ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [116000 likes]: Subscribe and you could possibly be invited to the next one!!
  2. @DevelopCard [1 likes]: 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳 Mr beast से मिलने का मन करने लगा, पैसा के लिए नहीं, हिम्मत के लिए, और घमंड न करने के लिए,😊😊😊
  3. @juliejuju6717: me
  4. @eusoupc883: 0:38 essa chave não abre esse carro..😂😂😂
  5. @Flowbros-11: 4:40 GIRL INVENTED THE GRANDMA SHOT
  6. @امنسنسنير: اريد اشارك
  7. @AffectionateCamera-qc5bl: YOU ARE AMAZING MR BEAST
  8. @NaomiStirling-u2q: Anyone here watching old mr beast videos
  9. @JishuSaha850: I love you Jimmy❤❤❤❤
  10. @Tinsu_man_freefire_garena: 🎉🎉 🎉🎉
  11. @Ben-u9g8q: I’m commenting and re-watching every video until you put me in a video Jimmy please
  12. @HkGelgas: Un jour ça sera mon tour
  13. @Edward-m3x: ❤❤
  14. @MdRafi-d4e6l: Vhai taka ameake halp
  15. @RajuSonowal-h9u: ❤
  16. @ThitapaA-h6s: .
  17. @Mappalaswami-pl7rk: మిస్టర్ బి😮
  18. @قاسمالقاسمي-ف9ت: 🇾🇪لككك لووتعطيني حزمه واحده 1 فقط بتكون فعلت الف خيير  فيني 😢
  19. @AbrahamZam: Can you please help me can you give me 5100
  20. @IndrajeetGautam-t6q: Bhaiya need rupees because of i have finencial problem 😢

- Spending $1,000,000 In 24 Hours: Kind: captions Language: en - [MrBeast] We filmed a video titled, last to take hand off 1 million keeps it, so if you haven't seen that last video, go watch it now, because obviously this video will spoil it. 3, 2, 1, go. Last one of you to take your hand off this million dollar stack of cash keeps it. Mark is the winner of the million dollar challenge. - No way, no way. - All right. So you now have 24 hours to spend the $1 million. Are you ready? - Yeah, I'm ready. - Let's do it. - We're starting off today, grab what you want. - This, I can get that. - That was actually just a joke, I told him to do that. What we're actually gonna do is be responsible and try to set Mark up for his future. Obviously he's aware a million dollars is a lot, but it's not unlimited money. So we're gonna make smart purchases like a house, cars, and do some investing. - I need this, this, this. - [Man] Add that to the pile. - Yep. Okay, so I'm gonna get this, probably for me, splurge a little bit on myself. - So here you go, sir. Here are your three PS4's. - Thank you, Thank you. Thank you. Give me two. I want a Nintendo Switch. - [Man] All right. - Two of them. - Whoa, two, are you sure you don't want the cheaper one? I'm just messing, you got a million dollars. - He's rich, dab. - You have a million dollars. - I don't believe this is real. - It is. - Man, this is crazy. - This is only a small percentage of what you have. - I don't even know how I'm gonna spend it all. This is unreal. - So here are your three MacBooks right here. - Three MacBooks, okay. - Seven iPhones. - That's insane, whoa. - That's a Series 5. - Two Note 10 Plus's. - Of course, the new iPads as well. - [Man] Wow. - Thank you. - I don't know how much that was, but it's right there on the counter, wow. (register noise) - [Man] Are these three MacBooks all for you, dude? - They are for my wife, my cousin, and my sister's friend. So I really ain't got much for myself, but I do got a lot for them and I can't wait to see their reactions. - [Man] All right, Mark, it's time to check out. One PlayStation, two PlayStations. I am super grateful for this. I never would've ever imagined in a million years that I would have a million dollars to be spending here. - It'll make me cry, man. We just started, save the sob story for later. - I like how all y'all just calm, like y'all do this all the time. (laughs) - So the total is $23,800, which seems like a lot. Okay, I mean, it is a lot. But in comparison to a million dollars, it's not that crazy. - And you wild out, you bought everything you could ever want from here. - Exactly and it's not even a fraction, wow. - Ahh, cold. - That's right. - We got money to spend and we got a little amount of time. - So we're here at a car dealership. It is like 90 degrees, totally not freezing. And Mark said he wanted to buy some cars, so let's go ball out, Mark. - Let's go. - All right, guys, it's freezing, I'm cold. You should buy a car here. You still have to spend your 100 grand. I gotta finish paying for my first car. I just snot bubbled everywhere, you just see it? - [Man] Oh, look at this. - [Man] Got the rims. Everyone get in the car. - I never in my life would think I would be driving or having something like this, this is crazy. - So as you can tell, he clearly likes the car and obviously, it's a massive upgrade, so that's why he's so excited. - One of the best moments of my life. - Except for winning a million dollars. - [Man] This car is so nice, Mark. - Yes, it is. - [Man] Let's go buy this one and you still have one more car you wanna buy. - Yes. - [Man] How about this car, Mark? - Yo, these look like nostrils. You should get 'em. - [Man] This is a luxury car. How much is this, Mark? - I'm sold. - So this car plus the other car is about a $100,000 total, right? - Yes it is. - Can you confirm that? - Yes, yes, I did the math. - Okay, so you drove it for only a few minutes? - What are your thoughts? - I'm going to get it. - Okay. - All I need from you is a signature right here, Vehicles are yours. - You better not read it, you're a millionaire. You ain't got time to read. - What if Mark was like, yeah, how much is this coat rack? - Two cars, I throw it in for free, you can take it out with you right now. - Take it with you. - We got the rack. We got racks on racks. - This is the best dealership ever. So obviously, paperwork for buying a car takes awhile so he's gonna come back and finish that later. We're gonna keep shopping. - I'm so excited. I'm gonna call my wife and tell her about the new car. I know she's gonna be so happy about it. Babe, I just bought us both two new brand new cars. Both of 'em are black, it is super nice. And I think you're gonna love it, yep. - [Woman] You just bought both of us cars? - Yes I did. - [Woman] Oh my God, wow. - You're gonna love it, like our life really, really just changed. (upbeat music) - [Man] That's so much stuff. All right, let's go surprise your family. (group exclaims) - I really do appreciate all y'all. So I went out and I bought out for y'all. - Bro. - [Man] Thank you. (man laughs) - I went out and bought you a PlayStation man. Here goes a VR. I went out and bought you a MacBook. I know that you really wanted an Apple Watch, so I went out and bought you a Apple Watch. I got you an iPad. - Never had one of these before. - Accidentally bought you a headset. (laughs) - Wild accident, I'll take this, why thank you, my guy. - [Man] Rock, paper, scissors, you two for it. First off, shake hands and promise you won't hate each other. - I'ma hate you. - I will always hate you. (group laughs) - [Man] Rock, paper, scissors, chute, rock, paper, scissors, chute. - I'm happy for you bro. - I say from the bottom of my heart, you a real one. You're the real MVP man. - [Man] Excuse us, he has more money he needs to spend. Now we're in the mall, you still have like a lot of money left. You haven't even started spending, go wild boys. You mentioned you wanted to buy your wife a wedding ring. - Crazy. Like the ring that she has on now, it was cheap. So now I'm gonna actually buy her a real ring. - Yeah, gonna try to get it for her today. This is exactly what she wants, so, I think I'm gonna get this one. - [Man] That's good. - Yeah. So Mark dropped $20,000 on a ring. He has to order it so we don't have it yet or anything. - Why did you have to do me like that in front of my wife? She watches these videos. - I'm sorry, I'm sorry. - [Man] And in case some of you guys didn't watch this video right here, one of the rules was 10% of the winnings goes to their coach and Mark's coach was Chandler, so Chandler got 100 grand. - So, it's time for me to spend my money. I'm gonna get this watch right here. - [Man] Woo. How does that look? - Nice. Can I see this bracelet? - [Woman] Yeah, you like diamonds, I see. - I do, what you think, Mark? - I love it. - What do you think? Well, I'm gonna get this and that watch. - [Man] $4,234, Chandler. - Merry Christmas to me. Thank you, Mark and Jimmy, I love you. - [Man] Now, we're gonna take you to Mark's house and just show you where he lives. So this is where you currently live. - Yeah, this is my room. This is where me and my wife sleep and you see, there ain't no room at all. - [Man] You can't even open the door all the way. - Right. This is my little cousin's room. - [Man] Your little cousin sleeps on an air mattress? - Yeah and he popped it, so... - [Man] It's flat. - Your cousin is sleeping on an air mattress that like has a hole in it, so he is sleeping on the floor. Can I just say I'm super glad you won the million dollars? I really am. - The more you show us around the more I'm like, thank God you won the million dollars. - We got the 2001 Toyota Camry. - I bought it like that. - Oh, dang, how much did you buy it for? - $600. - So the current house we were just in, which is smaller than the one you just bought, you actually split it in half with another family. - That's crazy. - Technically anybody could use a million dollars, but it's clear that this is really gonna change your life and help you out in a positive way. And I'm glad we could do that for you, man. Even though it's not my money, I'll take the gratitude. - I'm very grateful, like highly humble and grateful about this whole entire thing. I never experienced anything like this in my life. Show you the cars. The GMC for the wife. - Oh yeah? You got that for my sister? - It's mine now. (laughs) - [Man] Oh man. - I can't believe this is about to be my house man. And wow. This is not... - [Man] Chandler, did you find a secret passage? - Narnia? - All right, Chandler, come on. He's not there. - Mr. Tumnus, Mr. Tumnus. - [Man] Oh, here he is, oh wow. - This will be big, especially for your wife, you and your sister, and maybe your cousin. Like how big is this compared to it? Like three times bigger? - Everything is like cramped together. I have no space. - You'll have plenty of room. - Come on in everyone. - Welcome to the new paint residence. I wanna start in the basement 'cause that's probably like my favorite thing out of the whole thing, so yeah, let's go to the basement, look at this. - The boys are hanging out. - Man. - Man, this is crazy bro. - Man, look at you. - This house... - Stamp it, I want it. (group claps) - Let's go tell the realtor, then. - Overall, I love the house. I'm definitely gonna get it. - This is the one? - This is the one. You guys really don't know like where I came from. I'm so grateful for everything that the Mr. Beast crew have done for me. Like a week ago, I only had $5 in my bank account. I didn't have nothing, really couldn't feed my wife, I couldn't feed my sister, but now I'm able to provide for my family. So this is a really, really good experience for me and genuinely from the bottom of my heart, thank you. - Aw. - Seriously, man, thank you. - No problem. It just makes me happy that you're happy. - Yeah, I am, I love it. I'd never ever think that I really have a house like this and it's all for my family. And that's the most important thing to me. This is a journey and I can't wait to see how far along we get. - So we'll get together over the next few days, have you sign everything, pretty soon, you're gonna get this key right here. - Congratulations, you bought the house. - Thank you all, appreciate it, seriously. - Just for clarity, how much is this house? It's 165, right? Which is perfectly in the budget, 'cause we have a million dollars. (sad music) All right, well we're gonna go buy furniture. Smells good in here. Yeah, so this, this thing has a middle console... Is Chandler sleep already? (soft music) Chandler, we've been here for five minutes. - My wife is actually not here, so I'm not gonna be able to get stuff for like the living room... - So basically, he's not making too many decisions without his wife, which is actually a very smart and cute thing. You also have 100 grand you have to spend today, so... - Can I buy this lamp? - Well, certainly. - All right, cool, thank you. - Cars, clothes, food for my family, I was able to do that because of Mr. Beast. Please everybody, subscribe so that he can keep doing videos like this, man and it could be one of you guys, you'll never know. - Mark, you've only spent 36,000 so far. - That is optional. A lot of that, he still has to get his wife's approval on. For now, we're gonna add that to the total, 36 grand. - Ever since mark became a millionaire, he's really got an expensive taste. - Yes, I have. - Geez. - So this size, specifically, seven grand. - Treat yo self. - An 82 inch TV. - I'm gonna get my family some Christmas presents. - [Man] 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 13. - I'm gonna be broke. - [Man] And see how you can see yourself on that screen? So he is gonna get a G7X and then also this camera right here. So you're gonna have the exact same setup we do, but you do need some tripods. - We literally have a room full of camera batteries 'cause some of our videos require 10 cameras or that one time we filmed a battle royale, 58, is that what we used? We used 58 cameras, so... We do our best, guys. - Ooh. - This is a great deal. Double it? - Double it. I think I'm good. I got the cameras, two PC's, keyboard, mouse, headphones, two TVs. - Got the sound bar that sounded like a jet engine coming in here. - So Chandler, what'd you get? - A lot of Apple products. - How much does this come out to? - That's about, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12. - So, so far 12,000 of your $100,000 has been spent? - No. (buzzer noise) - Okay, so far, 16,000 of your $100,000 has been spent. (scanner beeps) - [Woman] $13,608.93. - I want the best refrigerator they got here. I want a talking refrigerator. When I wake up, it be like, good morning, Mark. - [Man] That's the one. - These are my dishwashers right here. - [Man] Your dishwashers? - Yes, right here. - But not anymore, this is your dishwasher. - I think we good, but one thing I do want to get, can I get... - [Man] You don't have to do that. - No, I want to seriously. - He wants to buy me a Galaxy Watch. - Galaxy watch, yeah. - All right, so we're gonna get matching Galaxy Watches? - Yes we are. so we'll get two of them. Thanks man. - You're welcome. - So to wrap up this Best Buy trip, it says $29,054, we'll just round up 30 grand. This is literally everything you'll need. Your entire house will be perfect. - Yeah, it is. And I'm so happy, thank you guys, seriously. - Mark, do you want to tell him what you plan on doing? - I plan on going to my mother house and I'm gonna give her $15,000. - [Man] And then afterwards you wanna also give your mother-in-law $15,000? - Yes, I wanna give my mother-in-law $15,000. - [Man] Dude, that's dope, man. So I think we're good on purchasing things for today. Now we really need to sit down and talk about taxes. I know a lot of you may be younger, but since he's receiving a million dollars, he does have a large tax bill that we need to talk about. - You don't have to pay taxes, I haven't done it ever. - You do. So before we go any further, let's break down everything we spent so far. You spent $23,000 at Best Buy, $20,000 on a wedding ring, $100,000 on cars, $165,000 on a house, $30,000 on furniture, and $30,000 on appliances. So far we've spent $368,000 on material things, $15,000 for the closing costs of your house, $20,000 for utilities, bills, just random things that go wrong. And you've given away $30,000, 15,000 to your mom and then the 15,000 you told me you want to give to your mother-in-law. So Chandler won 100, that was a predetermined rule before the Million Dollar Challenge, the coach of the contestant got 100 grand. And then also during the last to stop biking video, you said this, you win the million dollars, you wanna give him 50 grand? - Yes, I wanna give him 50 grand. Basically you promised Jeremy $50,000. - And that brings your total up to $583,000. So now this video's gonna get a little more serious because obviously Mark needs to set aside money for taxes and also do some investing. So mark didn't actually receive all of the million because he gave Chandler 100,000 and Jeremy, 50,000, So what he got is $850,000. So Mark wants to set aside $340,000, basically 40%, just to make sure all his tax liabilities are covered. But now let's talk about Chandler. You spent 16,000 at Best Buy and $44,000 on bills. - Wow. - So you spent 60 grand. Jeremy spent $30,000 and then set aside 20 grand per taxes. So that's another 50,000. So that is exactly where 923,000 of the million dollars went. I'm trying to be as transparent as possible because I know a lot of you won't believe me that I gave away a million dollars, but I'm literally showing you right here, we did. - He really did. - You have 77 grand left. I know you talked about wanting to maybe invest 50K and then set aside like the other 23 for just other little nuances here and there. And to be 100% honest, we went into an investing firm and they told us we couldn't record. So you'll have to meet with the financial expert on your own. I really wanted to show you guys where all the money went. I'm gonna just close this. - That's a million dollars gone in a day. - That's where the million dollars went. Mark, It's crazy that all this happened because you put your hand on a million dollars and you were the last to take it off. One of my goals for this video was just to make sure you don't get screwed over. Like I genuinely think you will do fine. If you ever need anything, just let me know. - Thank you and I appreciate everybody. Thank you for believing in me and giving me this chance. - Subscribe. - He said it. ♪ Mr. Beast 6,000 oh ♪ ♪ Mr. Beast 6,000 yeah you know his name ♪ ♪ He changed it once or twice but I think it's here to stay ♪ (explosion noise)

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [289000 likes]: mark was a subscriber 1 month ago... now he's a millionaire. if that doesnt get you to subscribe i dont know what will
  2. @candya1040 [1 likes]: It couldn’t have gone to a better person. He is so grateful and genuinely a good guy! Congrats and hope you and your family are still doing great!
  3. @bhavnachanllawala6133 [1 likes]: rewatching attendence here
  4. @AungSoeWin-y6r: Fake
  5. @arunlodhi8383: But I'm your still 5/6 year subscriber and I'm just still waiting..... Love you ❤️
  6. @HkGelgas: J me demande de fois est-ce que c'est vrai 😮
  7. @HkGelgas: Imagine si s'était moi mon Dieu
  8. @binhtoot6424: Hello MrBeast❤️
  9. @ShahzaimSarkar: Watching in may 21 2026
  10. @TaniyaAkter-s6w: nis❤❤❤
  11. @TaniyaAkter-s6w: Hllo
  12. @AnthonyJames416: Crazy to think the video is 6 years old already😢
  13. @333WhaGwan: Безграмотность всегда приводит к бедности
  14. @أوسالعلوص: مستر بيس تعالى على ليبيا
  15. @HM-nq6lq: be cool
if
mr beast was to tap in with mark see how everything worked out
  16. @midair174: Have you forgotten about the first subscriber?😡🤬
  17. @DAYALDas-d1s: Mr beast can I help me
  18. @Hjscaap: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  19. @JishuSaha850: I love you Jimmy❤❤❤
  20. @FeelTheWorld888: thats very nice...

- First To Find $1,000,000, Keeps It!: Kind: captions Language: en I just put one million dollars- inside- this -vault. And one- of you, yes, you watching, will literally win- it all-. You'll just have- -to solve a series of puzzles, some playing in front- of your -eyes -right now. -But -it won't be easy. -Good news, you’ll have Slackbot. The powerful- new AI from Salesforce to- help you decipher the puzzle. Like this thing. Is it a clue? I -don't know. The first one to Slack me the hidden code will become a millionaire, so enjoy the -game-, then go win a million dollars! What are you doing? Scan the QR Code!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [1800 likes]: Missing a playlist? Use this one: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLj-VLkYRjRxm5HVGFVpPP5W7jkvvzd1q7
  2. @ElianGracia-n3o: Misteryissoytufan🇲🇽
  3. @ElianGracia-n3o: Misteryissoyt
  4. @فراسحامدعبدالله: اريد فلوس
  5. @MrShiponX-k2t: 1 million dollar ke hobe Malik
  6. @LabibHasan-b6v: ❤❤❤
  7. @SamiralexanderCoronadopadrino: Mrbeast acabo de ver a nolan
  8. @Godly-figure: I know the code it’s 
Nolens mom
  9. @khalidiqbal6209: I want to come to the challenges 😊😉🤭🤗🤑😀😃😄
  10. @sridharreddypundra1907: Dear Jimmy ,
 i have always  wanted to try feastables chocolate but I'm from India and i do not enough money to buy feastables also 😭😭 
I really hope you see my message
  11. @littlecarestudio: Help me my friends 🌸
  12. @IntelIntel-t1u: 👩‍✈️👍😎🧜🏟️♥️💟😘😍
  13. @raynaldirogirog: wow
  14. @PatelPaswan-l3y7s: 🎉🎉😢😢😢😮 😮
  15. @Exhorterz: it in the U.S am from Canada too far,too much work,am good
  16. @maxamudxireyadan7048: 😢😢😢
  17. @Enocxiano143: Dinosaurio
  18. @وحشقوي-س1ق7ث: لم افهم ايشي
  19. @HyfaMehasin: Please add malayalam on audio track
  20. @KesaiaAholelei: Look at the tank and look at the wall

- MrBeast Hit 1 Subscriber!: Kind: captions Language: en let's keep going there we go come on okay bro let's go we're so close oh my gosh that was so I was wow we did it oh they're going to throw confetti on me

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProttayBiswas-j2u5g [2 likes]: 0subscriber-1subscriber-400million subscriber
  2. @abdullahfani8960: https://youtube.com/shorts/h-5RV-pS9YI?si=UU6tK6SEK_XqN5Ty
  3. @mukiyo: 1# subs •••100% reach........
  4. @Nextgencreatorz: now this is just dumb
  5. @MovieLeaks-j4c: https://youtube.com/shorts/hzTKKFwTHio?si=RlQF-YwYqekFJwLr
  6. @1951._.Murad-1: 484 mn 😮
  7. @переписк-6к6: 😂😂😂😂🎉
  8. @Bismillahstonecrushing82: 😢😢😢“I’m a small creator from Pakistan. Your support means a lot to me 🙏”😢😢
  9. @Bloxesfarted: bro when he was much younger he had 4k subs
  10. @Clukersprunki50scratchguy: 99:59:59
  11. @Shaikbharathbmf: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ Mr beast hamare gaon ko bhi to aao na mister bin mar gai to batao na HD video calling
  12. @GeeHook: now mr beast has 583838239393929393929381838382828383882928283828929283838283939293888  trillon sub
  13. @foodfruitsandvegetables: Nice
  14. @LucaPupu: Ma scusa solo 14 secondi
  15. @RajeshChudasama-pw2gm: #shortsrr1220
  16. @statustechsahil: तु rhevvegegev
  17. @MaddoxGoodwin-q7r: Now he has almost 500M
  18. @RobloxProKG: 😂😂😂😢😢😢
  19. @Naeemedits22: https://youtu.be/vmq5t903YvM?si=QhmR8pdg1yVfrijo
  20. @hamilaimen3323: 100000
Not1

- I Bought The World's Largest Mystery Box! ($500,000): Kind: captions Language: en - This is the most expensive mystery box in the world. And I also bought a $5,000 mystery box. This $10,000 mystery box, a $25,000 mystery box, and a $100,000 mystery box. And all of the mystery boxes you see here cost over $500,000. - That's a lot of cheddar. - And we're gonna open every single one of them, starting with this $100 mystery box. - Oh, there's glass in here. - All right, let's see what's inside. - Smell my nuts. - Wait. - It's a candle that smells like nuts. Not my nuts, it doesn't smell like my nuts. - Nature's nuts. - Here's a $300 mystery box, and Karl, right there, it's a $400 one. - [Karl] See ya. - Let's go open 'em. Gentleman. - Huh? - Mhmm. - Get to opening. - Oh my bad. - All right. We're not speed running opening these boxes. All right, he's ripping it. Bob Ross Monopoly. This box is better. - Wait guys, wait, wait. - The $300 mystery box was a Bob Ross set. What was in the $400 one? - Whole lot of magic stuff. - Let us know if you'd rather have a bunch of Bob Ross memorabilia, or a bunch of magical stuff. - Bob Ross. - And if you thought these mystery boxes are cool, wait for the 250,000 box at the end of the video. - [Chris] I can't wait to see it. - This is a $500 mystery box, and your mom gets what's inside. - My mom. - Is it weird that I'm always giving your mom things? - Yeah, yeah it is. - What did your mom get? - [All] Whoa - Headphones. Yo, I take it back, I'm your mom now. Now I want 'em. Right there gentlemen, right there. Okay. - It's heavy. - This is 700 bucks. - Wow. There's a knife right there. - Yeah, I'm weak. - What? - [Chris] What? This is all just Chick-fil-A sauce. There's no way this is worth $700. In two days, these go out of date. This one goes out of date today. - Well, get to eatin. I think this would be a good time to mention. I don't recommend you buy mystery boxes. The same company that made this box also made our a hundred thousand dollars box, and our quarter of a million dollar box. 250 grand is a lot of money. Now we're starting to get to the fun stuff. This is $1000 mystery crate. That's right, when you get above $1000, they turn into crates. - What the heck? - How do you think we should get it down from there? I can't carry that. - Yeah. - I can't carry it. Okay, it looks like they're just dropping. - No way. - [Chandler] I love fortune cookies. - It's all fortune cookies. - Oh, Karl, the box is falling, Karl. How did they even buy $1000 worth of fortune cookies? Our next mystery box was so big we had to move it with a forklift. And for some reason we let Karl drive. - I'm in a forklift. Oh, Jimmy. - [MrBeast] Inside the $2,000 mystery box was a bunch of whips for me and the boys. - Yeah! - Go, go, go. This is a $2,500 mystery box which is literally 1% the cost of the giant mystery box, and also 1% the size. - That's what she said. - It looks like this mystery box was made by Sircastle. Their logo is a star flexing. I don't know. All right, let's see. Oh, these are sneakers. All right, Chandler and Chris, I need help. - Oh, they're custom painted! Look at that! They're Super Mario custom painted. - They have everyone's name on 'em. This has your name on it. - Oh! Oh! - I obviously told these companies we were ordering these, so they made us each custom shoes. - Dude, the mix Supreme Louis Vuitton. - McDonald's. There's a note from them. So we wanted to take some of your interest and allow you to express them to the world with your shoes. Lame. That was a joke, I love you. This mystery box costs $5,000, and all we got was this action figure, and it usually sells for only $350. Next box! This is a $9,000 mystery box, which by the way is a weird price. Why would you not just round up to 10 grand? And to open it up, I brought some pickaxes. And this box is where the real fun begins. This is the equivalent to a car. And because this box is worth the same as a Honda Civic, please be careful. (heavy rock music) - Wait, it needs one more good smack. - Nice, this is clearly- - Holy grail. - Oh my gosh. That's a dope poster of LeBron. Is this signed by LeBron? Don't run away with it. - Should we not have hit this with an ax? - LeBron James. - It turns out between the poster, the signed ball, the game worn jersey, and the rookie card, this box is actually worth $8,500, so just short of what we paid. This ginormous box is $10,000. And so is this box, even though it's half the size, and I don't know how, but this one also costs $10,000. Pick what you want. - I want this one. - Wait, what if I want that one? - What if I want it? - I need all three of you gentlemen to stand in the bathroom. - But it's stinky in there. - You guys got it. - [Chandler] Three dudes in a bathroom. - [Chris] Why are you standing? - This is Chris's sister, Karl's brother and Chandler's brother. I might have locked your brothers in a bathroom, just ignore it. And before I locked him in the bathroom I had them pick which $10,000 mystery crate you guys would get. Chandler picked this one, Zach for you. - [Zach] Oh, okay. - Chris picked this one, and Sean, Karl picked the little one - Huh? Great. Of course. - Everyone keep in mind it's expensive, and you keep what's inside. Wait, did you get yours open? - [MrBeast] Wait, what's in yours? - PSA 7 Charizard. That's sick! - What is in Zach's $10,000 mystery crate? - [Zach] Oh my gosh. - [MrBeast] What? - [Zach] It's fireworks. - Oh my goodness. At the end of this video, after we opened that $250,000 crate, we'll launch the fireworks. The boys were getting a little reckless locked in the bathroom. They ended up breaking out and ruining the surprise. - [Chris] Wait a minute, that's my sister. What is my sister doing here? - [MrBeast] Oh my gosh. - Whoa. This is a power glove. - It's a glove. - Complete in-box Nintendo entertainment system. This ginormous crate is a $25,000 mystery box. And this is Sam, say hi. - Hey guys, how you doing? - Dead serious, I paid $25,000 for this mystery box and you get to keep whatever is inside. - Okay, that sounds about right. Man, I'm pumped up, let's get out here. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go baby! - What do you think is here? - Man, man, dude, I don't know. Maybe a toy car or something. Maybe car bed? Hey! - That sentence was all over the place, but I love it. - Okay, oh, oh, oh, he just dropped it. Oh snap! - It's a gaming setup! - It's a gaming setup. I ain't had a system since Xbox 360 original series, I ain't even lying to you. - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ultimate computers. - I don't even know how to use computer that well. - Sam, we did the math, and all this stuff you see here that you've got in your crate, we estimate is worth between 30 and $40,000. For our $50,000 mystery box, we decide to do something a little different. Basically I gave Dream $50,000 to put whatever he wanted in this crate. Literally the only people that know what's inside this crate is Dream, and the mystery box company he worked with. And I told Dream this crate was for me, correct? - [Dream] Yes. - Okay. I lied. I actually have one of your fans here, and I'm gonna let your fan keep whatever's in this crate. So I hope you didn't buy a bunch of dumb stuff. Yep. - [Dream] Oh no. - Alex is gonna keep whatever you put in this giant crate. - [Dream] I hope you like what's in it. - I hope I do too. - There we go. - [Alex] All right. - Do you wanna stomp on his face? - Honestly. - Let's open up the crate. What's inside the Dream crate? - Holy crap. Nutella? - Dream, what is this car slash, what is this? - Oh yeah, it's a Slingshot. - It looks like a Batmobile. What noise is it making? - It's just- (explosion booming) - In this briefcase is $10,000, and if you're subscribed to us when you pull up our channel, I'll give it to you. - I am subscribed. - He is subscribed! Well, on top of all this, you just got $10,000 in cash. - All right, so I got a new car, $10,000, a freaking wifi grill. Subscribe to MrBeast! - Adam, how much do you think this crate costs? - I don't have any idea, but it's huge. So it has to be worth a lot. 50K? - This is $100,000 custom mystery box. And I have an offer for you. This is a bag full of $25,000, and I wanna know, would you rather have this $25,000, or what's in this $100,000 mystery box? - Yeah, let's go with the box! Let's go with the big box! Let's go! - Adam, I hope this doesn't make you nervous but the $1,000 mystery box was just fortune cookies. I got faith, dude. - Okay, like it. - I got faith. - He's got faith. - [Adam] Timber! - It's a box in a box. - There's another box. - Right now, this is kind of nail biting, dude. I'm not gonna lie like right now. - Moment of truth. Wait, Chris, wait, wait. Oh, alright. It's open. There's a lot to take in here. - Hype! This is straight HYPEBEAST stuff. This is sick. Dude, hold on. Bro, I've been trying to find out pair SB's forever, dude, what. - Looks like he knows what this is. - Oh, dude! Dude! - [Chris] The Demon Slayer PS5. - Plus a Supreme PS5. - And then how about just a normal PS5? (Adam screams) - [Adam] What the frick! - I offer you Jimmy's $25,000 for some of the shoes. - Bet. - Pleasure doing business with you, man. - No problem. Anybody else? - Frank? You wanna buy some shoes? I guess we're all just buying shoes. - You like shoes, you're wearing shoes right now, baby. Get a picture of this. Let me see, let me just see this first. Hey Fred, anything go back. Yeah. Let me check. - And that was cool and all, but now it is time to open the quarter of a million dollar mystery box. This $250,000 mystery box is so big that they couldn't ship it to our studio and had to build it in our warehouse. Cue the lights. Boom. This mystery box was made by MSCHF, and we have a representative here from them. His face is blurred because they're very secretive. How did you guys make this? - The contents of this box were shipped from all across the country over the last two months. - As far as we know, the world's largest and most expensive mystery box. - And most mysterious mystery box. - I have no idea what's inside. 3, 2, 1 press the button. Oh, all right, then we pull. - [Chandler] Do we pull? - [Karl] Pull! - It's falling, it's falling, it's falling. - [Karl] What? - What? Oh, that wind. Wait, it's a Lamborghini! - [Karl] It's a Lamborghini! - There's dust in my eyes, oh, there's dust in my eyes. Why of all the times would there be dust in my eyes. - [Karl] Wait, this is a Lamborghini tractor. - [MrBeast] Wait, what? - Lamborghini started as a tractor manufacturer, fun fact. - I dunno why they're freaking out about that, this is a Lamborghini! - I didn't know there were leaf blowers in there! (Lamborghini engine roars) - Oh my gosh, did you hear that? - [Chandler] There we go. That's on, now it's on. - Yo, wait. It's low on gas. Shout to this person for subscribing after the last video, winning $10,000. If you're not currently subscribed, hit that subscribe button because we're gonna give away another $10,000 to someone that subscribes within the next seven days. And if you're currently subscribed, just use your mom, brother, dad, sister's phone and subscribe, and they could win $10,000.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [162000 likes]: Like I said at the end, subscribe and you could win $10,000!
  2. @killerff-n3m: PC
  3. @ShuhratOsmanoe: Come to Turkmenistan's Koytendag I subscribe
  4. @jamesbonner692: They got the Lamborghini in the box but there wasn't enough left over to fill the tank
  5. @SkSobo-n1j: মিস্টার বিস আমাকে আইফোন দেবে😢
  6. @محمدمثنى-ه3ش: My name is Hamoudi Muthanna
  7. @محمدمثنى-ه3ش: Mr. Peace, I am one of the subscribers, I live in Iraq.❤❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @محمدمثنى-ه3ش: I love you  Mr. Twenty❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  9. @edialviansyah7240: Hello mr.Beast I'm fans. From Indonesia.. Bandung🎉
  10. @محمدمثنى-ه3ش: احبك مستر بست❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @محمدمثنى-ه3ش: هههههههههههه هههههههه
  12. @anime_god08-l1b: Yup
  13. @musamuhammadsani9052: We need you in Nigeria please Mr beast
  14. @lGuestsI: I KNOW THAT DOOR HAD A LOCK ON IT. AND EVERYBODY WAS TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL LIKE I WAS LOSING MY MIND.


(used to contain the honey sponsor but no longer here)
  15. @Niyazuddin123-g3x: Farhan
  16. @Tusharthakur-f5y1w: I am from india💓💞💕
  17. @ALIENCAT_21: 4:27 Three dudes in a bathroom is funny😂
  18. @Bk-nq8pe: Hello Mr. Best, I'm from Iraq and I want to win with you.
  19. @PongpaerChanraksa: Love mrbeast
  20. @FaizIrnanda: Lam

- Why Do Youtubers Ask For Likes?: Kind: captions Language: en insert generic video intro here occasionally I'll be watching a YouTube video I'll go to the comment section and then I'll see a comment asking why do YouTubers ask for likes and every time someone leaves that comment some person with the Masters in Internet Common Sense comes along and replies to that comment saying YouTubers ask for likes because they get paid when you like the video YouTubers make money because businesses pay to place ads before their video you clicking that like button does not generate them revenue or at least not directly and I'll explain what I mean by that by showing you this experiment so what I'm going to do is I'm going to upload two videos with the exact same title tags and description so when you search a certain phrase those two videos are the only two videos that pop up and then I'm going to search that phrase I'm going to click on the second video I'm going to like it and watch it all the way through and then I'm going to watch all the way through the first video and the idea is because both videos have the exact same title tags and description both videos have one view you know 100% watch time but the second video has a like and the first video doesn't the second video should come up above the first video and I already conducted this experiment and it was a success video number two moved up in front of video number one because this video didn't have a like this video had a like so it moved up above it so basically what I was trying to say earlier is you clicking that like button doesn't earn the money they don't get like 10 you know 10 cents a dollar whatever whatever people make up for you clicking that but you clicking that like button does help them in search results which will equal more views which which equals more ad scene which will equal more revenue for that YouTuber another reason why YouTubers ask for likes besides search results is because the recommended videos on the side of this and uh on your YouTube homepage those videos are all based off of Engagement if a video has a lot of likes dislikes or comments has a lot of Engagement then it's going to appear recommended for random people and it's going to appear on people's homepages my worst intro series people typically like that video even if I don't tell them it just gets lots of likes it gets lots of comments people complaining about intros so it has super high engagement and a lot of the views on my worst intro series come from being recommended to other people and come from other people's homepages it's not even it's not even anything I do it's just it has lots of Engagement so it just appears randomly throughout YouTube YouTube does the work for me and that is what other YouTubers are hoping for when they ask you to like the video now having said all of that asking for likes is still annoying I hate it I especially hate like goals when people are like we get 500 likes I'll upload a video tomorrow that to me is really annoying and I will admit I have asked for likes you know occasionally if I spend a ton of hours making a video I will ask people to like it because I put lots of effort into it and I want other people to discover it but I do not do it on every video because it is repetitive and it's really annoying when someone says 500 likes with that stupid sound effect like goal I don't know what I'm saying but uh yeah likes do help it doesn't make people money directly but in a way it does make them money and uh that what am I saying I have a pingpong ball here we should oh I missed all right uh walk your dog kill squirrels take out the trash do your dishwasher [Music] bye oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @hybridyt3896 [7 likes]: Here in 2024😂
  2. @J-A-Garage_Official [5 likes]: I dont know!?
  3. @NXT-q9m [4 likes]: Mrbeast now your the best youtuber❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  4. @JomariAbabat [2 likes]: We love u @MrBeast
  5. @BenjamintheExplorer [2 likes]: Watching 2024 june
  6. @hunainulhaqkhan4384 [2 likes]: I am new follower for you to
  7. @rain-5103 [1 likes]: Here in 2026😂
  8. @funnyrdaareal9475 [1 likes]: Anyone Bangladesh 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩❤❤❤
  9. @kellydechartre8309: C'est la première vidéo que je regarde en VO et même si je n'ai rien compris parce qu'en bonne Française,  je suis nulle en Anglais, on peut déjà voir le talent. Je suis une maman de bientôt 40ans et je vous découvre tout juste grace a mon troisieme fils de 6 ans 😅 qui adore mike le cascadeur (c'est comme ça qu'il l'appel) et je suis vraiment très fan! Ce que vous faites pour les autres est génial et la chaîne Mr Beast philantropie me touche vraiment profondément, cela nous remet a notre place , on se plein de ne pas avoir grand chose mais cela nous rappel qu'on a déjà beaucoup. c'est tellement beau ce que vous faites❤. Merci de faire rêver beaucoup de personnes, ne vous arrêtez pas et ne changez pas😊. Karl fait beaucoup rire mon mari, merci a lui. On vous embrasse. Et si vous avez eu le courage de traduire mon commentaire bravo a vous et merci 😂
  10. @HydraDahi: ‏‪0:18‬‏   2026😂👋
  11. @708O-0: Day 400 of asking for help
  12. @4C4CX7: I had a cookie yesterday!
  13. @lijate7842: Who still watching this banger in 2026?🥶🔥
  14. @mehedisalman-w4v: 2025 🎉
  15. @nightwalker4788: DO YOUR DISHWASHER?!!!! 😂😂😂😂
  16. @greencircle2: 666th
  17. @DoctorSoap_Sing: 395
  18. @HaimPrk: This was 8 years ago 😢
  19. @tienat3852: Hello đây là video thứ 396 ❤❤❤
10/1/2025
  20. @indrajithdevadas7078: 😅

- MrBeast vs The World: The Difference No One Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en What makes Mr. Beast different from other YouTubers on Earth? Why do millions of people click his videos even before they know what the video is about? And how did one creator turn simple ideas into billions of views and millions of dollars? Today, we are breaking down the real secret that makes Mr. Beast unstoppable. And trust me, it's not what most people think about. Most YouTubers upload video, but Mr. Beast studies YouTube like it's science. Well, I just guess what might work. He spent years analyzing titles, thumbnails, watch time, and viewer behavior. He didn't just make video. He experimented. He tested ideas, failed, improved, and tested again. He once watched hundreds of videos just to understand one thing. Why people click? That's the first big difference. He treats YouTube like a laboratory. Most people think the video is everything. But Mr. Beast knows something important. If nobody clicks, nobody watches. That's why he spends hours sometimes this perfecting just one thumbnail. Simple, clear, and impossible to ignore. Instead of confusing designs, his thumbnail shows one big moment, one clear emotion, and one powerful idea. You instantly understand a video without reading. That's not luck, that's strategy. Many creators make complicated videos, but Mr. Beast make ideas that anyone in the world understands like last to live wins money, surviving 100 days in a circle, or giving away houses or cars. Simple idea, huge excitement. That's the formula. You don't need language, don't need explanation, you just understand. That's why his videos work everywhere on Earth. Most creators make money and spend it on themsel, but Mr. Abis did the opposite. When he made money, he spent it back into the video. Bigger price, bigger challenges, bigger ideas. Sometimes he risked everything. There were moments when he had almost no money left. But he believed better videos equating clicks is important, but keeping viewers watching is everything. Mr. Tabis designs videos so something interesting happens every few seconds. No long boring moment, no wasted time, just actions, suspense and curiosity. Every seconds matters. That's why his videos feel fast, exciting, and impossible to stop watching. He does not chase views. He builds attention. Most YouTubers work alone, but Mr. Beast build a team. Editors, designers, writers, and planners. Together they improve every video. They review mistakes, fix problems, and push ideas further. Because one person has a limit, but a team multiplies power. Even after millions of views, Mr. B still look for a way to improve. He studies every upload. What worked, what failed, and what could be better. Most creators relax after success, but he double down. more effort, more learning, more improvement. That mindset is very rare and is powerful. What really makes Mr. Be different from other YouTubers isn't just the money, isn't just crazy challenge, is the mindset. He treats YouTube like a mission. He studies harder, works longer, and improves faster than almost anyone else. That's why his videos don't just perform, they dominate. If you want to grow on YouTube, don't just upload videos. Study them, improve them, and most importantly, never stop learning. Because the difference between ordinary creators and legendary ones is effort. If you enjoy this video, kindly like and subscribe. I will see you in the next video. It is bye-bye for

  Top Comments:
  1. @Leccoh-n8x [1 likes]: Educative brrr 💪🔥

- MrBeast’s Views Are Down 50%… Is YouTube Dying?: Kind: captions Language: en a lot of people are going to quit or not start because of this information. >> Mr. Beast's views are down. 119 million down to 78 million, 78 million down to 67 million, and all the way down to 56 million. When you've been getting 200 million views, that's over a 50% decline. YouTube is quietly killing long-form discovery on the homepage. It's like they're pushing shorts so hard, but the problem is shorts is cannibalizing long-form. Do you believe that to be true? >> I go back and forth on this one. >> So, what does that mean for every creator listening to this? Today, we're going to be unpacking five big theories behind this YouTube views decline and the two big takeaways of why this is good news for new and small channels. Sean, can you break down this Mr. Beast story? Yeah, this is an interesting story because it seems to be an illustration of something that's happening platform-wide. I'd love to ask our listeners, are your views down or are your views up right now? If your views are down, the question is are we seeing those in proportion to the percentages experienced even by somebody like Mr. Beast? And to be clear, there's some funny tweets that are like, "If Mr. Beast, you know, gets 80 million views on a video, people are saying he fell off. Like, he's dead. It's Mr. Beast is done." >> [laughter] >> You know, I heard Drake say in a song once, you know, "Your best day is my worst day." And I feel like that's kind of true about Mr. Beast. Like, a lot of us just to get a million views on a video, let alone 80. But the truth is, there was a whole run where he's getting 200 million views a video commonly, over 200 million views. And so, Fast Company actually tracked Mr. Beast's 4-day view count across five consecutive uploads, and it went from 119 million down to 78 million, 78 million down to 67 million, and all the way down to 56 million. So, you know, when you've been getting 200 million views and you're getting 67 million, that's over a 50% decline. So, I think for some individuals that are thinking, "Man, my views are down." You are sort of seeing a broader platform trend here. What do you think? Yeah, I mean, I go a couple different places. One, it's fascinating to think about, okay, biggest YouTuber has a drop like this. And if he's the biggest YouTuber and he has this sort of a drop, it does make me think about like what's changing with his viewership. Is probably the first place I go. Like, what's changing? Is his content changing? Is his format changing? Or the interest, this is what's interesting, or the interest of the people that have been consuming Mr. Beast, are their behaviors and interests changing, too? So, that's kind of where I go first. And of course, if it's happening at this big level, number one YouTuber, then you think about someone who is still experiencing a drop like this, I think it's the same conversations that start to come up from like a coaching perspective. I think about like, okay, two things. What's the creator doing differently? Are we doing anything differently? And then what's going on with the audience? How is consumption changing? What could be pulling it over here? Or what could be getting their attention versus a viewer hanging out with me as long as they used to? Yeah, and those are two important aspects you're mentioning, but I think there's a third. It's what's the creator doing, is the audience changed, but also has the platform itself changed? And people want the extremes. We'd love to blame the algorithm. However, I think there's a mix of truth. When we get into the five big thesis of why there's a great views decline, we'll cover those in a second. But let's cover one of the platform accusations, which is YouTube is quietly killing long-form discovery on the homepage. So, there's actually a study done by Mario, who's a retention director that works on YouTube channels exceeding 100 million subscribers, including Mr. Beast. So, at the end of 2025, he analyzed 1,000 channels and he documented a dramatic shift in YouTube's home feed layout. So, previously, when we would log in to YouTube, we would see six long-form recommendations across two rows on desktop. And currently, he's now seeing, at the time of the study, only two long-form recommendations with the remaining slots allocated to shorts. So, that is a choice reduction reduction of up to 80% in long-form recommendations compared to previous home feeds. That's massive. Yeah, that's huge. I I'm I'm I'm wondering, too, you know, and again, this for me goes to, okay, device type, what are you consuming on? It's interesting that he noted all of this different these different changes. And I would confirm it. Like, even in even if I'm searching for something now, Sean, the number of shorts that even pop up now compared to long-form options is pretty fascinating. >> Yeah, so um I would love to also, for those who can comment on the YouTube version of the podcast, are you noticing these different layout changes? When I log in a mobile, you know, when shorts are on mobile, they usually are like two by two and they're tall. Yeah, so so like your your home feed might have two shorts and another two shorts and then a long-form video and then some community tab. You could like swipe through different community tabs. The whole point is, yes, the platform is also changing. So, is your content changing? Is it I mean, it's funny to say that Mr. Beast videos could like be a reduced in quality, but there is a point where do people get tired of a template? Yeah. And how often do you reinvent your yourself? The content strategy. Is the audience changing? The audience growing up? Audience is getting bored or tired of your content, but then is the platform changing? Another study, kind of across uh software like Metricool, was saying that uh channels with over 50,000 followers saw views decrease of 12% year over year. This was back in 2024, but the bottom line is that they saw that platform-wide evidence points to structural redistribution. Sean, what does that mean in layman's terms? It means that views are being more distributed across multiple creators. There's more people on YouTube. >> Yeah. Like views are up overall, people are watching more content, people are enjoying YouTube, but there's more creators to watch. There's more different people to watch. So views are being more distributed. A specific story that came out was actually that MKBHD's earnings showed a downward trend between 2024 and 2026, according to Hype Auditor data. And we're talking about top creators that are seeing decline. And his comment engagement dropped 29% over the past 8 years for um an Effigy analysis that ana- that analyzed 7.6 million comments. >> Crazy. So, what's interesting is again, we're seeing maybe a general increase in disengagement. Maybe people watching less videos or commenting less. And that does not mean that there's not an opportunity on YouTube. And these big creators, when you see these shifts in percentage, let's bring it down to the everyday creator. Maybe you normally were getting 1,000 views. And so it's a gut punch if now you've been like, "Man, I can't crack 400." Maybe you normally get 400 views and you're like, "Man, I've been down at 40. What's happening?" You know, stick around until the end of the video cuz we'll go through the theories and some opportunities. But I think the whole thing is an interesting landscape. And we are going to get into those theories, but the other big thing is TV. The whole thing about how how common YouTube is in living rooms is a shift. Of course, there's mobile, but the the data is saying that YouTube is the number one platform watched in American living rooms. YouTube's bigger than all these other platforms. You want to lean in on that a little bit? >> 100%. I can actually personally confirm this viewing behavior is happening all over the place because the number of times that even if we've had people over for dinner or something and we want to check out something, like we watch something, it's not a TV show we're turning on. We're like jumping onto YouTube because one of us found this video or found this creator. And then even it's funny like this TV show viewing behavior is now happening on YouTube. And it's even at this like silly level. Like we have this creator, his name is Preston Goes. Shout out. Dude's awesome. He's grown so quick and he's so awesome. And he does these these really cool adventures that are totally family friendly. And so our whole family watches him. And we're always looking out for a Preston Goes video. Our little 3-year-old is like, "Preston Goes?" You know, just asking for the next upload. And it's become this family event. Where it's like, "When there's a new video, we're going to make time for it. We're going to sit down and we're going to all watch it together." And that sort of behavior, I think is why this the TV domination thing has become such a thing, right? YouTube has surpassed any streaming platform now, beating Disney, beating Netflix. And it makes sense because YouTube in a way on the television has become the new Hollywood. You can take your pick. There's different creators. And so I think that's that's a really big piece of this. But I also wanted to talk about that word you said of redistribution. And I think that's actually important word to hang on for a second. Because as we get into these you know, big theories and then as we talk about like, "Okay, what's beneficial for small channels?" The silver lining is views are being redistributed from these crazy big channels to up-and-comers. And that's the encouraging part for me. It's thinking through, "Okay, cuz here's the stats, right?" Like YouTube now hosts 115 million channels with 69 million active creators uploading over 500 hours of video every minute, which is roughly 720,000 hours of new content per day. Like, you know, it's spreading all of this out is part of why it's never been a better time to be a smaller new creator because YouTube has been investing I actually think in trying to help the platform not just be dominated by the big dogs. These different features that they've rolled out, right? Like having a specialized team that actually is on the lookout for new channels, small creators, this hype feature that's available for you if you're under or if you're over 500 subscribers, under half a million subscribers. Like I think these are strong signals that it it is an encouraging time for the new creator. Yeah, and we do got to talk about those opportunities in just a second. Um, but first we need to hit the five competing theories of why views are declining. So, we've talked about Mr. Beast, we've seen other creators that are out there. Um, there are some theories. We want to name them and synthesize them. It's probably a combination of all the above and this is an interactive episode. We're curious your theories or maybe what your experience is if you can give us feedback. And I also, before we get into these five theories, do want to mention though I agree with you. As crazy as this all sounds, it could lead us to a place of like, man, what is there no hope? Is it just going to be a decline? But if you're making the right videos and you're doing it in the right way and you're starting with a brand new channel, you can get results. In fact, we are actually hosting a free event. It's four days. You can go to ytsprint.com. If you're listening to this right now, it may have just started, but there's still time to jump in. So, you can hit the link in the description to register for free. Recently, someone named Sherry recently went through this event. We did it a couple months ago. And she implemented what we taught in this event. She had never posted a video. Um, she's in her 70s. She posted her first video ever on her channel, but she didn't just throw it out there. She just followed the system that we teach. She got 37,000 views on her first upload. As a brand new channel. >> it. Yes. So, it it's it's like we're not trying to over promise that like it's just easy to get views. >> Sure. But there is a methodology to it and if you're reverse engineering your video ideas, uh, the bottom line is if you want help with how to stand out in today's YouTube landscape, We have a free vent event. It's called YouTube Growth Sprint ytsprint.com. But here's some competing theories as to why views are declining. Number one, the shorts cannibalization thesis. So we kind of mentioned this. The whole thing is, okay, why are Mr. Beast's views down? Well, is he and everybody else getting as much distribution on home pages to get those clicks? And what YouTube has revealed is that with 200 billion daily shorts views, which is up from 70 billion in 2024, which is massive, beating TikTok, beating everything else everywhere else, it's like they're pushing shorts so cannibalizing long form. Do you believe that to be true? Man, I go back and forth on this one. I I would say overall, no, I don't believe this to be true. I don't I don't think this is true for 1 second, unless your entire video strategy is based like if it is based in one content medium. So I think the idea of diversifying the kinds of content you create on YouTube, when appropriate for your stage of YouTube, then I think they can all they can all work together. Like I I don't know that I believe this, especially if you're someone that is that is trying to do both or multiple styles of content. And the reason I say that too is because someone who watches Yeah, I think a big argument Actually, I'm curious your thoughts on this. A big argument in YouTube strategy space is like, well, people who watch shorts only watch shorts and people who watch watch long form only watch long form. And I actually kind of used to believe that and kind of coach that. Like it's different headspaces, which is true, but I think we also don't account for the multiple touchpoints that someone could have with YouTube through their everyday or every week. And so personally, like there's a time when I'm watching short form content, and then there's a time when I'm totally binging long form content. Like I'm dipping into both pots. And so what do you think about that? Like the the idea that are these things separate, you know? Or is like do shorts exist over here, live streams exist over here, long forms exist over here, or do you think that there's actually multiple touch points people can have? >> I mean, I honestly would almost say like no comment. Like I'm here for the I'm here for the debate. Like I just I hear I let we listen to our community and our community are like shorts ruined my channel or ever since shorts and somebody else are like my views is not down. This stuff is such on a spectrum. So maybe I'll have some synthesizing thoughts as we go through the rest. So why are views down? One theory is the shorts thesis is the saturation thesis. >> There we go. Now okay, this argues that with 69 million active creators uploading 500 hours per minute. Now again, the YouTube says 20 million uploads per day. >> Crazy. Means attention is inevitably distributed more thinly. And as we just said, inevitably there's maybe more total views on the platform but more more distributed across creators so everybody's getting less views. And the claim is that YouTube has economic incentive to spread views across more creators to maximize ad inventory. I would challenge that claim to say yes, okay, more creators gives them more ad inventory but they also could just run more ads on an individual creator that's getting more views. In my opinion, I still think they have an incentive to spread views across more creators because they do want some sort of dopamine feedback loop that if I'm a creator on YouTube and I don't get any views at all, why would I keep creating? Mhm, so true. So it's like algorithms do want creators you know, of course people are going to quit if they're just absolutely frustrated, but if they're doing no best practices, no effort at all and they fail, well then that's kind of on them. But but if someone's like really giving it a strong effort and like listening to a channel like this and like I'm doing the best practices. They really are writing good thumb, you know. If they're doing at least some level of best practices and YouTube's going to bet their future on creators, then creators need to have some level of a positive experience. Not everyone's going to be a YouTube millionaire, but if the dream that somebody could earn a a few hundred or a few thousand extra dollars a month in the creator economy, that actually has to be real. So, I think that's their incentive. I think it's ad library, but I think also they they want to tweak the algorithm to create success for creators or else they don't have a future for the platform. Totally agree. The third thesis here is the satisfaction algorithm thesis. And this is interesting because this is suggesting that there's a shift that's happened that's happened on YouTube uh that we're moving away from watch time optimization into satisfaction-based ranking. I don't know about you, Sean, I've totally seen things popping up even over the last 18 months or so of these surveys that happen after videos, these little faces with emotions that you can click. It'll be YouTube actually asking, "How did this video make you feel?" Or scrolling in my mobile app and seeing a video that I'd previously watched show up in my feed and YouTube's asking, "How did you like this video?" And so, it's this whole idea um that the algorithm is now prioritizing how viewers feel over how long they watch. Um and hyper hyper-optimized clickbait is performing worse relative to genuinely satisfying content. What are your What are your thoughts on this one? Yeah, this one actually ties us back into the Mr. Beast conversation because there was a whole through line in that story of even him mentioning that the hyper YouTube edited the retention editing that maybe grips your attention, but just fries your nervous system cuz it's just pummeling you with like you're being yelled at and things you just can't look away. But by the end of it, how do you feel? Mr. Beast himself mentioned we're going to be slowing down the edit. And then you zoom out into this whole authenticity trend, which feels like a word that's kind of starting to get played out, but is also so important, where people are feeling burnt out or overwhelmed. So, creators that that are slowing down, connecting, creating a different experience. The point is optimizing for satisfaction. Optimizing to just like get attention and get a click, and you kept the viewer watching, and they a bunch of information filled their brains, but what kind of experience did they leave with? So, when the algorithm prioritizes how viewers feel over how long they watch, hyper-optimized clickbait performs worse relative to genuinely satisfying content. So, I I mean, I I I I could see what this means. Again, these are five different theses, theories as to why there's a views decline. So, creators who are maybe shifting their tonality, creating different content at different pacing. Yeah. Uh this one doesn't stand at the top of the list, but I I could see part of it. And again, I think this is on a spectrum, and it really the whole thing is expanded around the Mr. Beast story, MKBHD, platform changes overall. I think it's part of it. Yeah, I it's interesting, too. I'm just thinking now as you were talking, it was like, oh, is this the satisfac- the satisfaction algorithm thesis? Is that really more of of a YouTube thing, or is that really more of just a shift in viewer behavior? >> Audience behavior. Yeah, what they're clicking on, what they're not clicking on. >> Yeah, because I feel like either these algorithm trends, like something like that, that will that it always follows how we're viewing things and how our behavior change it changes. And so, I actually I totally I totally think this is um this has legs, for sure, in this in this whole conversation. So, the fourth theory for why views are declining is this connected TV context shift thesis, which is posing that as YouTube becomes a living room platform as we were talking about competing with Netflix, Disney Plus, the algorithm on YouTube is going to increasingly favor lean back content. So, like video podcasts, conversations, even some sort of show format that's happening in over in the in that YouTube's going to prioritize this content actually over the fast-paced, mobile-native style that has kind of defined things previously. So, what do you what do you make of this? I kind of shared a little bit of how like I'm living this out in real time in my living room, but what do you think? Well, so since Mr. Beast is kind of the through line of this episode, one of the things that I think is fascinating is personally, I like to avoid extremes. Like some people they people want to make the extreme that let's call the over-optimized retention edited Mr. Beast style video is dead. That would be an extreme statement. Because my observation is Mr. Beast content feels the exact same to me. Like he might have slowed down and like he's stopped yelling, but his episodes are still like I'm standing on the I mean I feel like it's still yelling. It's like still the same format. I guess here's the point, too, is like the extreme of saying so we must all slow down and it's all chill hop ambient. It's all No, like YouTube's still a place for every different type of content. A mashup of monster truck destruction meets a channel I was looking at recently is called study with me and this channel's crushing in a million subscribers and they set up a camera at these really cool spots and stream and or upload a video that's 1 3 7 hours of just studying with rain noise in a real environment. YouTube is such a multi-opportunity, multi-niche, multi-topic, multi-tone type of a platform. So, yes, the connected TV context shift thesis is 100% true. TV is definitely dividing views, the experience on TV, lean back. My point is people can lean back on their couch and play a very fast-paced Mr. Beast video and still enjoy it. When I've checked out Beast Games, it's the pace of that, too. I'm not actually super into it. I'm like there's like it's too I get people like game shows. They want lots of movement, things happening, new things introduced, etc. That's actually just not even my content preference, but I think the mistake is to over extra and the whole platform's changed. I don't know, you know, so yes, I think it's a part of the conversation. I think the bigger thing is people are looking for long-form experiences, TV show lengths. That could be as short as 25 minutes, 28 minutes, and certainly 44 or video podcasts and other things as well. So, when it So, when we think about like just a a fast-paced mobile-native style is, you know, the study that we're kind of referencing here is like Yeah, I I don't know. I don't think Mr. Beast is mobile-native only. He's a very like for the people who like his content, that's a very enjoyable desktop experience, TV experience, and you still got to dial in your personal tone. I think it is To me, it's more of a knowing who your audience is, knowing the vibe you want, but absolutely being aware that the level of consumption happening on TVs is massive. So, what does that mean for every creator listening to this? If YouTube still feels confusing, slow, or stuck, listen up. Maybe you've been planning to start, maybe you've been kind of posting, maybe you've been waiting for the right time. [music] 2026 is going to punish that mindset. Creators and business owners who move right now are going to own this next year. The ones who don't will be invisible. And this isn't theory, this is the exact system we're using right now [music] to help creators get real views, build momentum fast, and monetize their content in multiple ways. During the sprint, you'll learn how to get traction with a single video, build a channel that attracts subscribers, and follow [music] a proven system that works in 2026, not 5 years ago. And listen, I know that life is busy, and that's why this event is designed for quick wins and not overwhelm. It's free, it's live, we're doing a ton of giveaways of tech and prizes, and it's designed for where YouTube is headed next. If YouTube is something you know you need to take seriously this year, then now is [music] your time to act. Just go to ytsprint.com to register for free, or click the link in the show notes. [music] Let's jump back into the episode. So, what does that mean for every creator What's your What What is it like to experience you on a TV? Is your content optimized for that? What Is it What could happen if you got some viewers spending 22 minutes with you leaning back? And what content could you create next with that in mind? I think connected TVs, the math is telling us we need to be paying attention. So, that's definitely a big one. No, that's huge. And I think it it would be fascinating, too, if you're listening to this, like hop into your YouTube studio, get in those analytics, and like actually see the dominant device types. It'd just be curious. You may not cuz some people may not even know, right? It's like, "Oh, wow, actually like 23% of my viewership is on TV. Like, what What's going on there?" So, I think that's that's a worthwhile little quick homework assignment. But, the fifth thesis here, I think tags along right off the fourth one, is that this audience fatigue thesis, which is kind of arguing that after the years of every creator trying to copy the Mr. Beast playbook, hooks in the first 5 seconds, retention, editing, manufactured stakes, like all this stuff, right? That the the audience can sense a formula. The content can become formulaic, and we know what we're kind of tuning into tuning in, and now they're tuning out. And that there's actually some data on more authentic content outperforming this polished pace. Uh Thoughts on this one? I know we just kind of walked through this little bit, but >> Yeah, I mean I think my thoughts I kind of already hit it that I I think it could be overrated that like oh raw and authentic content outperforms fast-paced content. No, just depends. I think it depends on what the audience expectation is. Um in my opinion, I think both are winning. We are just seeing when we see a trend, we see a countertrend. And is there audience fatigue? Is there burnout to certain types of content? Have lots of creators copied Mr. Beast? I think for sure. So you do see diminishing returns with that. But then you could also say have a lot of business creators copied Alex Hormozi? Yeah, and so it with anything, I think there is There's this book um or phrase in marketing that says marketers ruin everything. And at the end of the day, if you're a YouTube creator, you're a marketer. You're trying to put out a billboard, your thumbnail, and a headline, your title, to get someone's attention to click on your video, and then to optimize the whole thing to keep retention. So things shift. And so when marketers ruin everything, it just means that maybe there's something on YouTube that worked for a while, but there's going to be a point in time when you need to pivot or reinvent yourself. So I don't know so much that it is a full fatigue with Mr. Beast playbook, let's say, or whoever whatever subniche is. Maybe you pick the big creator in your niche or related niche, and like everyone started doing it their way, and that playbook gets outdated if you're copying somebody else. I think it could just be audience fatigue in general. Audiences fatigue. Audiences get older. They They They watch you for a while. Audiences um learn the thing. I mean, as an education creator, that's something you really got to ask yourself. It's like people might love you. They followed you for a while. They've stayed connected with you. But then they fall off, and you're like, man, what did I do for them to fall off? You didn't do anything wrong. They learned what you teach. >> That's good. Yeah. >> So they moved on to the next thing they want to learn. They moved on to the next thing that they're into. So, audience fatigue is is real in general. So, I think what we could see from these five things, you know, we mentioned five different thesis as to why our views declining. I don't know what your take is. I think it's all of them. I think it I mean and it and it's contextual. It depends on the situation. >> Yes. And if we zoom out a little bit, the thing that's fascinating is when you think about Mr. Beast, you could say, "Oh, yeah, it could be because of the homepage and it could be because of shorts and it could be because there's audience fatigue a little bit." But you you know, you can't measure something like this especially at his scale in isolation. There was some controversies he went through a ton of controversies with the Beast Games, some stuff with former employee, even the culture, some investigations and views dropped related to that. But what people said was that these view trends lasted longer than the quote-unquote mini scandal or scandal, you know, should have lasted. So, it's hard to say. I think what the listener will cover these two strategies of what you could do next, but I think the listener should ask I think the listener should be aware of these platform trends because knowledge is power. So, there is it's like, "Okay, knowledge of what's happening on the platform. Oh, I have a little peace of mind that shoot, even if bigger creators are ex- experiencing some disruption, that gives me some peace of mind." But I think that brings us to the next part. It's like kind of what are we going to do about or is there still opportunity? 100% and and I think the opportunity is really there. I think there's good news for new and small creators. And the first big thing to really take seriously is this idea that because views are being more distributed, right? That there really is an opportunity for new channels to show up and like pop off. I mean, literally, we just talked about Sherry a little bit ago. She's like in her 70s, first video, boom. Man, I and I watched that video, Sean. What's interesting too about that video is I don't even know if Sherry knows it. I mean, granted she did go through our our challenge, ytsprint.com, for the full framework about creating this kind of content. But she knew what she was doing, man. Like, the title and thumbnail, right? Like, it was dialed in. It was emotional. There's an open loop. I click in, and I I think she's actually reach she's reading from a script that she put together. But she is also just recounting a personal story. So, I think whatever you make of these five theories, the good news is, okay, I like to try to funnel this back down to like a coaching mindset. Like, as if we're leaving this podcast episode, what's your action step? I think the action step is to really get clear on, okay, here's these five theories, trying to do a little bit of an audit on yourself and your channel and your audience, and trying to think about just being honest. Okay, like, based on what I'm seeing, based on what I'm noticing, based on even the research I'm doing in my niche, like, how can I step in? I'd almost want to say, you know, kind of like a David and Goliath situation, like, man, get out there. Like, go kind of like chest up. Look at these big channels. Look at what's going on. Because I actually believe there's no reason you couldn't, if I can phrase it this way, couldn't take some viewership. Like, you couldn't also be shown up. Your videos also can't compete at the same level, if you understand, right, how YouTube works and how to make a video that can pop through. Yeah, and I actually one of the big trends I'm noticing that I think is a massive opportunity is you can always bank on human nature. And the truth about humans is humans are emotional. And I'm witnessing, and I think we're going to actually continue to see an open gap in an opportunity to start YouTube, because a lot of people are going to quit or not start because of this information. >> Wow. And And what I mean is is it's really like, already people are listening to this that will make excuses. And they'll sit on the sideline, they'll be like, man, you know, I've been thinking about starting YouTube for 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, maybe multiple years. And now I listen to this episode, and it just seems like there's so many negative headwinds >> Yeah. that maybe I'm just not going to start or I'm going to delay starting. Or also when views go down, I'm going to quit. Like if if my views have taken a hit, if things have taken a hit, sometimes people are tired. They maybe had a run for a while. And so banking on human nature is when certain seasonal shifts happen in an industry, there could be a level of attrition. People quit, people slow down, people give up, and people don't start. It because there's legitimate challenges. But what I want to challenge the person that's listening to this, you can flip your perspective. >> Mhm. Because you know, Nathan, if we were to go back to 1983, the year I was born, and you were to turn on the news and listen to politicians talking about the economy, what kind of stuff would we hear? Gas prices are surging. >> It's all the negative >> Price of oil is higher. Political conflict. >> Yes. And somebody might get on there if they were talking about you should start a business, there'd be somebody else arguing with them, no you shouldn't, business is too risky. >> yep. It's too res- risky. You should just go get a secure job. Like what's actually we think things are so crazy in 2026, like where okay, you know, the negative headwinds or the challenges out there, you know, there's how many marketing messages there are. It would actually been the same narrative. And what happened back in 1983, 42 years ago? Well, people still started businesses, they still started But now you fast forward to today, and back then there wasn't AI tools, there wasn't algorithmic reach for someone like Sherry to start from scratch. We're not trying to overhype that story. It's just proof that it's possible. So so that's just a bit that's a big takeaway for me. I we're just going to see people drop out of the game. And that's an interesting window of opportunity for the listener that can perceive it. Like that's That's good news, actually. If If If people are dropping out of the game and some of the old-timers are also retiring or moving on, who's stepping in for the next generation? Who's stepping into YouTube right now? Cuz the macro numbers are still there. Yeah. So, good news for small creators, two big ideas. You mentioned one, views are being more widely distributed, which means new channels and small channels can get a piece of those views. And big idea number two, if views are down, income can still be up. So, for the ad-dependent creator, this is bad news. If you were counting on views to pay your bills, then an over 50% decline in views is catastrophic. Yeah, it's it's it's [laughter] less It's bad. It's sad no matter what, but that's really not That's That is a direct hit to your income. And of course, views going down could be a direct hit to your income no matter what, cuz it's less traffic. However, you can build a moat of security around you by diversifying your income streams. That's not a new idea probably to most listeners. I think the challenge for most listeners is what exactly should my business model be? It's like oversimplified. It's like what you do is you like create channel, create course, set up funnel. And like you've kind of But you Have you thought deeply about the money plan for your specific channel in a 2026 environment? That's a topic for another day, but if views are down, income can still be up. And by the way, we will be going into that deeply on YouTube Sprint, ytsprint.com. It's called YouTube Growth Sprint. It is a four-day event where you, Logan, myself, the rest of our Think Media coaches, we're doing four sessions over four days, talking about what's working now on YouTube, and talking about how to adapt to all these changes, because you can still get views, and And can still make money on YouTube if you do it in the way that's working right now. So, if you want to register for that, we'll put a link in the show notes. Um or you can go to ytsprint.com to be a part of that free four-day YouTube growth event. Podcast, let us know what you think. What do you think of these theories? What are you noticing? What are you seeing on your channel? What are you committing to because of this conversation? We love to connect with you down below. Please let us know what you thought of this episode. Like, rate, share, review wherever you watch or listen. This is the Think Media Podcast. I'm Nathan S-Wine, and I can't wait to connect with you in a future episode.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaPodcast [24 likes]: What was your biggest takeaway? ⭐YouTube Growth Sprint free online event: 👉 http://ytsprint.com/
  2. @loverule9320 [2 likes]: No kids
  3. @Steve_Gotti [2 likes]: YouTube needs to scrap shorts it’s ruined the website.
  4. @bismarck5943 [1 likes]: Guru's love to spin this attitude and belief system to people that "anyone" can do it and have a channel take off. 
What they won't tell you is that success is not evenly spread across different themes and topics. You can do things perfectly based on the "rule book" of do's and do not. And you are not guaranteed any success. Its constantly changing, not just YouTube but people and their interest. Shorts in my opinion is a problem on a human level, it keeps feeding into this short attention span idea that over time shapes people's minds into low attention idiots.
  5. @LukeTheDocumentary [1 likes]: Yeah, I hope they bring back pages of focused search results on YouTube instead of only recommending about 10 applicable videos. Plus, they should definitely bring back the “Top Videos” rankings.
  6. @HOURLYSNIPES [1 likes]: Don't they pay shorts creators less? That's probably why the promote it so heavily.
  7. @cch6042 [1 likes]: He can't be on top forever
  8. @betterlivingonabudget: TBH, I don't believe YT is canalizing long-form content based on Mr. Beast's loss of views.  1)  There are more channels than ever;  2) Life is getting harder by the minute due to the crazy economy, and a lot of people are now turned off by 'mindless entertainment' videos - even people under 30, LOL.  3) It took a hot minute, but the older Gen-X generation finally caught on to how awesome YT is around 2020 and that crowd is growing exponentially compared to Gen Z-ers who more frequently watch TikToks, etc, which brings an entirely different views-preference to the algorithm.   Bottom line - if your views are dropping, don't blame it on the algorithm per se.
  9. @PlasmaChannel: Yeah,  my viewership is down nearly 60% year over year, despite having the "most subs" I"ve ever had. The same videos that would have popped off hard all the 9 years before 2026, are now crashing and burning. I've not changed video quality (only gone up, actually), nor changed my niche, or topics, but viewership tanked sharply starting last fall. Classic Youtube - making drastic changes without giving full time creators a heads up.
  10. @_Manimal_: His views are down because like everything gets old

like anything in the world, your girlfriend gets old your tired of the relationship, even money gets old where you don't want to buy anything when you can afford it.  

Mister beast content is gimmicky and gimmicks gets old
  11. @CaliPlanes: My views are down 60% 😢
  12. @10LightStar01: 1 day you guys will be elderly, won't you?  So wouldn't it be fair to think that older people would still like YouTube when they're older, after they've been using it from when they're younger? If\n You like doing YouTube now. Then maybe you will like doing YouTube. When you're old,? 

Maybe it's kind of like if you liked eating hamburgers when you were 5 years old, you might still like eating hamburgers when you are 70 years old.
  13. @musicsnap10: People are burned out
  14. @tobyncummins: I think people are just moving on from the internet to fulfill their down time… I peaked at 10 hours per day watch time, now I’m down to 6 and aiming for 5… it’s tough getting past but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel.
  15. @RhinoJoeOutdoors: No offense but Think Media is a company selling a dream to sell a product. The product is your videos, courses, and programs. Hard for you all to sell that if you admit or say “YouTube is dying” or saying it’s almost impossible now to make YouTube replace a full time income. 

The dream of having an entire catalogue of content that just pumps out “passive income “ is mostly over. The algorithm favors recency. The algorithm and the audience is your boss. You have to stay on the treadmill of creation. 

YouTube is 100x harder than it was 6+ years ago.
  16. @elizakimori8720: I no longer watch Mr beast because of all the drama...

Pretty much since his new teeth
  17. @ManavJith: His channel became more about views, money and fast paced entertainment, than having fun and making relatable content, which is the whole reason he started getting attention
  18. @johnleesuccess: very interesting thanks for this guys
  19. @ElaztikaVR: 7:12 If people are now watching more YT on a TV WHY is it that long form Horizontal videos are down? If there is a shift in people's behavior then why does YT now push more shorts on phones? I never watch shorts on a TV screen it’s nonsense having a big TV just to watch a third percent of the screen. But if I get to watch shorts it will be on a phone just because every time I open YT I’m getting bombarded with 7 rows of shorts. Content that I do not watch or enjoy at all.
  20. @EdzieTravelDiaries1: I went from getting thousands of views to less than 10 views. What happened? Although, I recently changed my channel name again — this is my 4th time changing it. Could changing my channel name affect my views? What can I do to fix this, or could I be shadowbanned?

- Mrbeast's most watched videos / comparison: Kind: captions Language: en hello all welcome to the video in this&nbsp; video I have compiled forty of the most&nbsp;&nbsp; watched videos on Mr beast's channel that&nbsp; we all know well. the views will blow your&nbsp;&nbsp; mind he has hundreds of millions of views&nbsp; this guy really knows his stuff. anyway&nbsp; Let's move on to the video

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacobkim4632 [1 likes]: The fact that his most viewed vid has over half a billion views is wild to me
  2. @ÖZLEMAk-o9s: ❤❤❤

- The INSANE Tech behind Beast Games: Kind: captions Language: en open the gates that's Mr Beast and this is how he's about to pull off the highest budget biggest production YouTube video ever created storming this field is 2,000 contestants look at him there 2,000 people competing for that $5 million so how on Earth do you run and record a competition show for this many people and the biggest question how much does it cost to pull all of this off well it wasn't without some very real challenges but one thing's for sure from a technical perspective this is absolutely insane and I'm giving him all access to everything behind the scenes from the cameras the logistics and he's going to show it all to you and also that's $5 million real doar don't rob me so there are four challenges that the contestants are going to be going through this is us just before the first I gathered all the guards over here so you can test them they're not supposed to show motion basically just like mannequins you guys are not supposed to speak this feels mean they're not going to talk but they are going to dance if you catch them after hours that's right ladies and gentlemen that's not his real skin for challenge one in which the contestants had to split up into five groups and each group had to pull up a very heavy Boulder as fast as they could every person in the losing team gets eliminated I realize there's 2,000 contestants behind me shouting and screaming but this is the coolest thing for me right now so this structure right here has been custom built for this challenge to basically regulate the amount of pulling Force required to lift that Boulder so the Rope feeds through this contraption before it goes out to the contestants and the way that it's weaved through on the inside determines how easy it is to pull so just to give you an idea of how important this is the Beast team originally set this mechanism up to require 32,000 Newtons of pulling Force but it's only as they started to play test it a few days before with a whole extra crew of play testers by the way let move in a little bit they realized 32,000 Newtons is going to take people way too long for the challenge to be fun to watch so just by weaving this rope through the Contraption in a slightly different way they could quickly lower the required pulling Force to just 10,000 oh and also this microphone here is sat there specifically to capture just the sound of effect of the Rope being pulled it's a little bit crazy just how many things you have to think about if you want to do this right even literally the flooring Jimmy decided that he wanted this place to look like a Coliseum so they pulled out every single bit of AstroTurf from it and then they've covered it with these Olive pits to basically give it that cinematic sand being thrown up ceiling when people are running around through it this is the Box camera we're using to adjudicate as soon as one of these Boulders cross the finish line that's the winner and so we'll be able to see from this camera which boulders and that team's eliminated didn't even occur to me that you need adjudication cameras we set our camera at the same height as this finish line so we can see exactly who won they're both at 80 ft so every single contestant also has an NFC wristband that they're scanning to keep track of who's in the game and who's out of the game when you're out they'll know that you need to go out too if you leave we're not leaving you're not leaving we're not leaving okay it took around 3 hours after revealing this first game before the thing actually kicked off partly to give the teams time to strategize partly because everything takes longer than you expect when you're trying to organize this many people ready wow this game genuinely lasted about 15 seconds in total and it was specifically designed to be that way oh my god that's literally it red team is done we just lost out on this chance to win $5 million we not Le I can't believe how quickly that happened Mr Beast wanted to make sure that the first game people saw was as easy to explain as possible and as quick to finish as possible not so much for the people here but more so that the viewers of the final video are able to get easily invested without feeling like they're suddenly having to learn something really complicated you can actually see people in that queue they're so defeated some of them are crying you know when you watch Mr Beast videos online and you think it can't be like that in real life the feeling is very much here I I love you too you all watch our videos love your videos oh my God Ricky Ricky you guys must feel like top of the world right now it was so nerve-wracking so nerve-wracking does that scare you like seeing what the other teams can do I can't be scared we're we're a part of History here well I'm rooting for you guys personally cuz you're fans yellow team you heard that yellow team yellow team yep I heard that all right yellow team for the win and now while we waited for game two to start now felt like as good a time as any to head to the main camera room to see the belly of the Beast and while the camera team were out actually filming the show who better to show us this room than Mr Tariq since the last time I saw you a lot has changed from the equipment to how we go about things to the lighting you've seen the scale of the projects has to be better and Jimmy's not as particular about the cameras anymore so he used to be really in the weeds with it now it's like I trust and I like it so these are just the ground cameras they'll be for talent they'll be just for close-ups on any of the contestants just like a grabb and go run and capture that moment this is very rigged up very rigged up yeah I noticed every single one of these cameras has a light on it darker images don't perform better retention wise at least is what we've learned and then we have the time code here it's just so we make sure everything is time coded ah yes the time code so they bought one of these devices to plug into every camera on this shoot for one job so whenever it goes to editing they know exactly what happened and when it happened so for example if somebody Falls and it's a really funny moment every single camera you could just search for that second and you'll have 100 viewpoints of that one shot almost 500 for this kid almost 500 I'm curious how the rig has evolved a lot heavier we have more stuff especially like tailored for editing better mic the signal just makes it easier to grab it and just get everything you need in one shot holding this for about 5 minutes I can see why there's an ex St ATT T oh yeah I mean you get some strong soldiers so that's the Run and Gun cameras there's 28 of those and they are pretty high spec totaling $100,000 in value the only one of these that's a tiny bit different is Mr be personal camera rig which has two lights on it instead of one to make him the brightest thing on screen so that your eyes are naturally drawn towards him there's a whole corner copia of lenses and they all have different purposes you guys use GoPros a lot but GoPros capture like a very different kind of shot to something like this is there a difference in what shots you use for what purpose emotional shots we try to do telephoto so we put somebody on the other side and just zoom in on their face as much as you can and then just kind of get that reaction you'll see a lot of the most vulnerable real moments on Mr be videos being captured like this because the camera is so far away that the contestant isn't spotting it and so isn't acting for it but that is far from the full Suite of camera G here there's 35 Sony fx9 Cinema cameras dotted all around the stadium to get the main wide fixed shots of the games there's 10 pan tilt Zoom or PTZ cameras which are also fixed in place but can be remotely operated to control what they're looking at 20 DJI Osmos for handing to the contestants to Vlog certain sequences since they are literally the easiest cameras to operate all rounded off with 400 I kid you not 400 GoPros they use these cuz they're small enough to fit inside of things and also just blend into the background so they don't appear in the rest of the camera's shots and that's not even factoring in all of the accessories like power banks for every single GoPro and also the proper Flagship camera gear like the Box cameras the sky cameras and the whole Army of drones but we are getting to that I noticed everyone's got delightful little nicknames for the different SE SE and so hot and cold for this battery section I assume hot means fully charged cold means empty yes it's exceptionally organized you can tell this is someone's job to create this pile absolutely Tariq then took us to Mac who is the lead editor of the Mr Beast team why he so tall man he's all dressed up he's tall and he pulls me out when I'm in my underwear and I'm all short sticks me right on camera I am not short that's all we came here for yeah and now that we' establish that Mac definitely isn't short I thought well Mr Beast videos are pretty much the most consistent highly viewed videos on the internet so given how involved Mac is especially in the intros of them how do these guys make sure that they perfectly capture your attention at the start the way we look at intros basically just like a continuation of the thumbnail most people don't have YouTube premium right and so they'll click on a video then they'll watch like a minute out or 5sec out and skip it whatever they do they will literally forget what they clicked on so what kind of things have you thought about with this video specifically the intro we were thinking about basically flying camera back instead of flying camera forward I want to see Jimmy's face I want to see the $5 million cash prize and I also want to communicate spect the other thing I thought was really interesting about the intro shot is they filmed it on two separate occasions across 6 hours of time giv that the intro is the single most important 10 seconds of the entire video these guys actually set up and recorded the full thing once before any contestants had even arrived when they have the time to make sure that they have one intro that they know works but then once again with all the contestants just in case that take ends up having better energy is there a shortage of shirts I just keep ripping them I'm not the is short I'll tell you what isn't short the amount of footage that these guys' editors have to get through but there's a solution to that we have the best editors in the world if we have 10 hours of footage it gets sunk the assistant editors will take it down to 2 hours of what's usable like a really great editor an editor that can do videos at this level I can't find them anywhere and so preserving them and preventing them from burning out as much as possible is like the name of the game thank you dude you're a legend I love your videos by the way actually your editors are really good don't get any ideas man you guys looking a jump ship no I'm just kid all right let me take this off okay we're going to call it for tonight after the first challenge the timing on this is absolutely crazy my brain is so fried it doesn't feel like 3:42 a.m. yeah I guess there fluorescent lighting all around the place can you see my face here by the way this is the face of a man who's been awake for nearly 24 hours because of the sudden decision change today to switch from Day filming to night filming in fact scheduling just generally was easily one of the toughest parts of the shoot because instead of the original plan of 2 days of filming it actually ended up being three nights not to we've mentioned and the extra 3 days around those three nights that everyone involved in the shoot had to make sure they were always ready for not easy for anyone involved contestants included I'm just kind of used to it usually we end up filming deep into the night like this at night I can point lights and control where your focus is during the day you see everything so I prefer to film at night I mean it's pretty brutal rest up okay night two game two so in this game contestants will stand around a whole load of briefcases they look at a board which will tell them which briefcases are safe and which will get them eliminated and then they will have to get to one of those safe briefcases before anyone else can so what's going through your mind right now well I just honestly want to make sure the briefcases get put out right I just want to make sure it all looks good we have a lot of writing on this shoe one thing you've talked about a lot is the way you tell stories is that changing go watch a Mr Beast video from 3 years ago I'll be like 50% louder it'll be like 50% faster yeah and you'll get like a headache you're making like a purposeful effort in this video for example just just slow down exactly let some moments just sit Trust that people will watch because you know they're very invested in the story as opposed to like being tricked into watch because there's like cut cut cut cut cut what time is it right now it's only like 10: right actually yeah it's 9 9:00 p.m. oh yeah this is pretty early this is great like I actually should be awake right now and that's crazy did you talk to the people who got out it feel I felt so bad yeah there was some pretty real tears we tried to make it easier on them by giving everyone $2,000 that way everyone at least had something to go home with the first challenge we eliminated 400 people and since we gave each of them two grand that's $800,000 the money isn't the only thing these guys have to think about when people are eliminated do you remember these RFID bracelets well this is where they come in again there's some sort of checkout process as well when they entered the arena we scanned so we knew they were here SC baby so we counted that we had 2,000 exactly then we could start the game then when they got into teams oh so when they sorted themselves you added that data onto their rfids so that your system knows exactly which team Green Team yellow team then we have all those lists ready it's the same as eliminations so all of the red team that was eliminated even though we knew it was red team just to be absolutely sure we scanned every single one on the way out wow then we know if somebody's missing in the stadium is this because you've been burned before on previous games people are hide did you see the end of that game but Jimmy had to call her up to tell her that oh come on and red team's out she was a red team contestant he was trying to stay trying to stay in the game yeah so the bracelets are really a way for us to keep track of everybody now if you already thought the shoot was a complicated Affair you have not seen the start of it because it was at this point that I was introduced to a whole new branch of the operation this is Emily and she is a story producer having all of us here and just taking notes of choses that happen little quotes we hear that would make good content it just overall helps the post-production process so the entire role of these guys is to look and to listen to what's happening on the field to try and figure out what the story is going to be while the video is still being shot so that by the time it ends up in the post- production editing stage that team can be as efficient as possible part of the recruitment process you ask people to send a one minute video of themselves and you use that to judge their character and their energy and so you're saying as part of that you pick the top tier people and you're like you get a microphone yes 40 contestants are miked up out of the 200000 this board was the initial idea of who would get miked up I think as they meet the people and as people like show their true selves on the field they'll switch it out this is absolutely crazy this is movie investigation pinboard type by once people get eliminated they'll remik other people obviously like things change and mics change so like we have people designated to go out there and keep track of who gets remake which helps us like tremendously during the post-production process you've got Heroes villains family and then others you've not just pegged people as being main characters but you've pegged that they've got a personality trait that might make them a villain yes so yeah you can't predict the stories that will form but you can predict the people who are most likely to form them those people are given the microphon so that's fascinating are you listening to those people in real time on the average Beast video will have one person listening so we have six people and then I'm doing like visuals right now everyone gets seven people to listen to so that instead of listening to 40 people at once you only have to listen to seven people so this is the live universal time code and that's synced with all the cameras so you know exactly what's shooting when and then these are the notes the story editors are leading so this means that when the editors get the footage it will not just automatically slot in at the exact time that each shot was actually taken but they will also get all of this guiding information from the story producers so they know specifically what look for within those shots everything's been thought about yes so that's where all the story producers hang out this is basically Jimmy's private viewing Suite so whoa it's basically the same thing but this room is specifically designed for Jimmy to come and have a kind of one glance view of every single thing that's happening so you can give really quick feedback in between him being on camera there's a lot of screens here so there's 18 TVs in this one room quite impressed with the uh the bezels on these as well it almost looks like one continuous video War they're bringing out the briefcases for the next game should probably go you know what's extra crazy about this because everything that happens in the stadium is recorded and might end up being part of the video even the setup of things needs to be a rehearsed Affair it took 100 people nearly an entire day just practicing how to set this one game up lining up these briefcases figuring out how to enter the stadium in an organized way timing the process to make sure it doesn't drag and also measuring to make sure that every table was exactly qu distant I hate when it's like day of and we do those things and it's not choreographed cuz it just looks very amateur when it's all time to choreograph then we can timelapse it it can be like bring out the briefcases but if it's not like sped up time lapses good so it has to come out in an organized way that looks good when it's fed up yeah or then it just looks weird it's perfect for retention oh my god dude I love you more this Beast I should say that oh my God is that on camera no it's not yes it delete it right now please go all right three two go look like I see a people oh okay 3 2 1 reveal R can't believe you're getting reactions like this at 4:00 a.m. in the morning but now seeing this game being filmed there's another question that's been looming on my mind where does all the footage from all of these cameras actually go this is the dit room these guys are guess you could say the very important but very unsung heroes of this project cuz their entire job is to make sure that no piece of footage goes missing which when there's like 500 cameras on a shoot is a bit of a logistical problem so the whole process starts with these drives someone will physically run into this room with a box full of these drives what these guys are doing is taking the footage on that drive and categorizing it based on which game that footage is from which camera recorded that footage and which type of microphone picked up the audio for that footage which sounds like an absolute nightmare of a task but they're doing it so that when the editors are editing the footage all they need to do is to just think which bit of footage do I need as opposed to having to rummage through like a 100 different folders to find it but it will make the edit like 10 times faster right now this is where the fund begins they plug these drives into their computers which are all Mac Studios by the way because well I'm told they don't like Windows but then those Mac studios are wired into something called an ingest station which is eight very large hard drives every single one is 20 terab meaning that one ingest station has a max capacity of 160 and then you realize that there's 20 of these ingests in this room so 3.2 petabytes of storage but it gets crazier because they're shooting this show for Amazon Amazon have insisted that they have at least three layers of backup for every single bit of footage so as well as these ingest stations every single drive has never getting AR raas it will just stay as a permanent hard copy of everything that's been recorded and then every single one of these in stations has has a fiber cable coming out the back of it this is a very fast connection we're talking 25 GBS per second there's a very specific reason for this fiber cable and we can actually follow it out of the room way out of the room still going still going still going and you follow that cable all the way around and you end up with this which is basically just one massive server and that serves as the third layer of backup it almost seems stupid just how many precautions are being taken but then when you start to adding up how much they're spending to make the show it starts to make sense how much they're spending to keep the show this room is actually particularly cool for a few more reasons because these are video recording boxes so you know how it normally works with a camera you record onto an SD card that's inserted inside but these guys are doing it a little bit differently because every single one of the fixed cameras dotted around the stadium is physically wired all the way across the stadium into these boxes and that has two pretty major benefits one that instead of recording on tiny fiddly little SD cards they record onto proper drives but also too some of these cameras are no joke 100 m up in the air so imagine how much Manpower it would require to individually keep track of every single camera so that it doesn't run out of storage and then swap over the SD cards when it does but with this setup one person could literally man everything this is also super interesting so because this recording actually happens over a really long time like I think we hit record at 10: p.m. it's now 3:12 in the morning the lighting changes so this guy over here is actually in real time adjusting the color temperature the black levels the saturation of the cameras to make sure that they stay consistent both as the time of day changes but also between the many different types of cameras being used on the shoot because if you just left each one alone they would all naturally take footage that looks slightly different to each other this is the video router so it's the Box in which every single one of the video signals that you see comes through first to be able to be distributed to all these separate monitors so long story short if this box goes down so does the entire video which is why there's a 24/7 fan just blowing cool air at it so do you remember the pan tilt Zoom cameras that we talked about earlier well this room is also where those are being remotely operated from and the beauty of these cameras is they allow you to follow the action so let's say I find a disruption happening with these briefcases I can find where that disruption is happening and then I can just zoom in all the way onto that disruption so it's allowing me from a distance to create these really stable cinematic sub stories within the biggest that gets so close you forget that the camera is positioned right on the very end of the stadium it's just blowing my mind that all of this like all of this is the back end for one YouTube video just to be super clear do not go until I actually say the word goo he's our guy look up at the screen all right there you go see I'm oh actually I said it you're right oops oh my God I messed up but hey I think he's pied to losing have to be great how are you feeling nervous yeah I can see it on your face is it you versus every single person around you are everyone thinks I'm out really oh man yeah how will you feel if you are it's fine it's my dad's birthday today is that worth losing $5 million it's literally called Rick e it's too perfect 3 2 1 open your brief [Applause] K I'm with that I decided that's enough Beast games for today too much heartbreak 4:40 a.m. we're heading back that feels like a victory early yeah early the time had come it was time for the third final and most chaotic night of all starting with the flag game where all contestants are going to line up on one side of the field and each round a varying number of flags are brought into the middle contestants have to decide which round they're going to make a run for it and when they do they have to make sure they grab a flag while they're at it or they're out knowing that in total there aren't going to be enough flags for every player where they make the first like two or three like really easy so they get it and then after that we're going to do dozens of rounds I want you guys to be super dumb is there a dominant strategy you think there's a lot of strategy to this I would probably pick one quadrant and just be like well there's a flag here I'm going no matter what I'm going no matter what I like really try to talk everyone around you out of it it was also at this point that I managed to get hold of something that you never really get to see so these are prev visualizations of the Amazon thum thil and it's absolutely crazy like how these were pre visualization Mr who do not draft things is a clear favorite so far I think this one wins they have one version of this thumbnail poster image based on like 15 of the most popular movies and games from fortnite to money Heist to How to Train Your Dragon and this is the one they ended up picking from them before long the first flag it was time for the flag game to begin as soon as I blow this horn the round will begin I won't lie to you I found this game absolutely fascinating to watch oh look those two are racing for flag one it started off so organized with a few of the louder people basically making it very clear to the others around them that they were going to run for it so that no one else tries to but then as the game went on you start to notice that order breaking down because you can't stay on the sidelines forever because they will just run out of flags so this just got more and more chaotic there a tiny little drone up there zipping around the stadium I think we should find out who's flying it wait he's up there he literally looks like an imperial staffle Commander I think this is the one we've seen zipping all around the stadium like extremely quickly yeah this one this one as well oh yeah this looks very like homemade almost yeah they're all custom built did you do it yeah you made them yeah yeah custom built and then the gimbals are my designs who are you medin drum a few years ago I tried out the idea of using a head tracking to gimal just to see if it would help with camera correction and it ended up just being so much better than I expected you didn't just build the drones you built the entire system the head tracking system this tilt following my head yeah yeah wow previously fpv is always flown fixed angle which is where the piloting camera and usually GoPro are fixed to the Drone but the problem is that really limits the shots you can get like you can't like look down or anything yeah with this this gives you a full 5° of Freedom which pretty much means you can accelerate in any direction while looking in any direction so you're controlling the movement with this controller yeah exactly and your head is looking up and down movement is controlled by controller tilt movement is via HED rcking there's two cameras here one is the GoPro itself one is down here what is that doing so this is our piloting cam this is what I'm seeing in my goggles and then this is our recording cam of course of course right cuz you can't stream directly the GoPro yeah exactly that is absolutely incredible so this compared to like the big skycam that's overhead what's the perk of this uh perk of this is I can get inside of the crowd I'm not limited by my like range I can go up into the stand dive in do you get dangerously close for fun yeah yeah so because there's less Flags in this round he's been given permission to take off with the bigger drone you know cuz if there was like 100 across the field you've got a pretty good chance with that of whacking someone in the face whoa oh my god let's go have a look at the footage that is absolutely amazing so there's two types of drones being used on the shoot they've got 10 of the more standard DJI drones and if you look here you can see that those are the ones responsible for these slower more cinematic shots but then this guy with his first person view drone his job is to get really close and get these super unique in the crowd action-packed chaos shots if you have an idea and you think it might or might not work it's worth exploring cuz I didn't think this would work before I tried it and now it's changed my life so it's like wow good for you man that's cool team come true oh yeah also look a little closer at the seats in every single one of the 65,000 seats in this Stadium just for this video These Guys printed out and fitted a full-sized Slender Man only for the production team to later decide actually no that looks a little weird well that's a shocker and then send people out for a second time to flip every single one of those 65,000 Slendermen around to the blank side so now you only see their faces when you're up in the stands but now it was time to get closer to the most serious pieces of camera gear on this shoot this is the kind of stuff that you don't normally get to see like this starting with the sky camera which is being controlled from a box all the way in the top corner of the stadium so this is the aerial camera room this is I guess where the magic happens yeah you guys are the sole controllers of the sky cam yeah got the pilot right here I move the camera rig in space up down left right my operator Kirby over there pans tilts zooms focuses and gives us the best shot as possible oh I see it's like a tank turret versus driver exactly patchy helicopter I've never heard that comparison but yeah that go wow this is some of the most beautiful footage I've seen in my life what makes this different to a drone safer it can't ever fall out of the air and hit anybody we have a larger camera Lar larger sensor larger lens so we can create a little bit better image than most drones can explain to me what's happening on this computer this is our fly space I can always glance at that and know I'm 56 ft above the turf here is that important because you're trying to stay out of the way of other cameras and their shots and exactly so the coordinates that we use when we first get here we build that fly space and I can put walls barriers obstacles to keep us safe from hitting stuff so for instance the boulder structure over there I have a wall right here these yellow ones are ramps so we can go up into the sets and not run right into the pile of money yeah and so the camera will now do that automatically now that you've set those constraints indeed so when you go from green to Yellow it will automatically lift if it's too low that's right wow that's a smart bit of Kit and this is fascinating watching you two guys talk to each other cuz you're both controlling different parts of this camera are you telepathic we've done enough games together that we kind of think along the same wavelength if he's flying a certain direction I know what kind of look is possible from that angle that he's got the rig physically at so then I just pan or tilt Zoom whatever and it makes the shot look good it's like good dance Partners the longer they've been dancing together the better they can read what the other one's about to do you two would kill it on a dance floor so I'm seeing something and it's upsetting me a little bit are you recording in 1080P no they are receiving 4K just 10p to the monitors so that the throughput is limited this is just for us cuz that would be a massive waste yes indeed it would indeed it would I'm so relieved but it's easy to forget this show isn't just about filming a video it's a very real tournament with very real Stakes so as you've had a taste off earlier these guys also have to make sure that there are proper systems in place for adjudication so anytime two contestants think that they're the ones who touched the flag first there's a whole Squadron of Staff who have to run to that big dit storage room they have to take the drives that have the footage on they have to run them back to the stadium and then go through that footage from several of the fixed cameras frame by frame until each dispute is resolved and grabs it first the guy on the right would be the one that has possession this guy yeah yeah yeah this is stuff you don't see in the final Mr Beast video but there are disputes literally every round of every game and you can't move on to the next one until each one is resolved which as you can imagine is another reason why there is so much waiting around when you're on set but also do you notice how every single person working here is wearing a headset well each of those is connected to one of these called a bolero which basically allows you to talk to any other person in the stadium immediately without even needing to dial a phone number it's a version of like a a walkie SL telephone so you've got a walk which normally you talk one at a time this is kind of like that but I can talk over you this gets rid of the whole over and out Roger yes they're called comms or pl's which stands for party line which is a throwback to early phone lines when you'd have a whole neighborhood or a whole group of people they're all on the same phone number like on your pack here y all the camera guys are on that button so it's one button to talk to everyone who's been assigned as a camera everyone who has that button we also do a lot of like deployment of antennas there's one right there so those are all over the venue and you guys have installed these all yourself yeah our group of five guys here so you basically created your own mobile phone network inside the stadium yeah just for this one video and that's a wrap on game three and since the team were also determined to not let this go on for another day it was very rapidly time to set up for the final game well I say very rapidly like I said earlier everything does take way longer than you think but you know it took 3 hours to get everything for this game into position instead of 24 so this final game which is the game that determines who ends up making it to the main Amazon Prime show is a bit of a returning Classic on the Mr Beast Channel this is last to leave so contestants split into teams and each team stands on a pillar except they're not really teams because Mr Beast will then offer bribes of an increasing value until someone in one of those pillars jumps off accepts the money for themselves and condemns the rest of their team to lose by the end of this challenge one of you will backstab your entire team and to see this game in action we headed to one of the Box cameras wow look at that thing when you're on the ground it all feels like chaos but from up here you can see the action in a very different way so we've been told that this guy is apparently planning to sabotage the entire event and so the story producers have let this trained operator of the Box Cam know that and so he is staying locked onto this guy like a hawk waiting to see what he does just to try and convey the gravity of this piece of technology this is a 16 mm to 35 mm M lens which basically means you can go Ultra Ultra wide at 16 mm or decently zoomed in at 35 but this this camera right here is 8.4 mm to 832 these are absolutely Bonkers numbers like the kind of numbers that allow you to view the entire stadium in one shot or go all the way to someone's face who's standing on the opposite side of it and so the total price of one of these bad boys $100,000 each and there's eight of them the final game begins reveal what the first Pride will be it'll be $5,000 no takers he's going to have to up the state I'll give you 50 Grand oh hasn't started yet the second he announced it abolute cor didn't start that Tim yet oh my go no cuz the Tim hasn't started yet and that was a very strange rap on game four so now just before we get to the final cost of this entire production the only question left unanswered is this $5 million in cash I cannot believe they actually did that with real money you actually can't get through there without trampling on $1,000 bills how did they actually get it see this Mr Beast from JP Morgan Chase total is $5 million you steing some should we I mean probably would have noticed what do you think of it what do I think of $5 million in cash yeah how does it work to get that amount of money in cash cuz that's obviously not a normal thing that JP Morgan are approached with goes all the way to the top and then you know bring armored trucks with like a little militia to your studio and drop it off that's a fun BTS so that's how they get $5 million as for how they keep it so there's Stadium security on the outside police on the inside armor truck two security guys around the top that just sit and watch it so if someone made a run for it they would just tackled them it's in ones it's hard to run with a lot of ones I don't know if you've ever tried to lift ones no not that many just one of our team C briefcases proba pounds and so if you run with it I can catch you I'm old we estimate on the stage right now is 12,000 a Mony £12,000 that's the equivalent of two adult African elephants worth of pure paper notes they did the math so they could build the structure to hold it are there cameras specifically trained on that money as well yes we put extras on place we spent this entire 3 Days running around counting up the value of all the equipment and Tech that we've seen and so the final cost to make this one YouTube video is well we forgot a few things we got all the staff costs we got costumes which remember every single person here needs an outfit which is printed in house and has to be fitted we got the cost for all equipment used in each game every Boulder every briefcase and so on we've got the contestant costs 2,000 flights 2,000 Hotel I love how casually you say that meals three times a day over the course of a week not to mention a total of $2 million just in money given to the contestants who got out for this one episode plus the insane audio gear just to make sure that everyone's voice is picked up and sounds good on video if you have to guess the audio gear in this entire video what is it worth oh millions of dollars but then also stuff like the months of pre-prep that had to go into designing every game the cost of the Raiders stadium the place where the Super Bowl was held it goes on and on on but there's quite a big saving from the fact that a lot of the equipment you see here is being rented as opposed to bought leaving the final cost figure is $14 million for the video And1 19 million if you include the 5 million prize money

  Top Comments:
  1. @badrmoubile9219 [2 likes]: This has nothing to do anymore with the youtube I fell in love with. Money destroys everything.
  2. @LeophanieMaeDomingo [2 likes]: Is that CG5?! 25:14
  3. @Titan_Cinemaman-C7 [2 likes]: 14:40 mr beast is frontman not gonna lie
  4. @soyanshumohapatra [1 likes]: 9:22 yeah bro that was what I thinking
  5. @zackchamberlain2371 [1 likes]: Bro laser beam is there I swear!!
  6. @kanchanathanyu5cc68davaray3 [1 likes]: Mr beast and Mrwhosetheboss collab before GTA6
  7. @Bonelessch1ck [1 likes]: 11:43 Guy that won A mil u think his name was Gale or smth
  8. @RegieMark01 [1 likes]: MRBEAST
  9. @veerparhanse1410 [1 likes]: 32:40 Lazerbeam in the back.
  10. @tslaybp: the only difference  of a movie and a mr beast video is run time i guess, jeez
  11. @Juror-o9l: Amazing😮
  12. @Dcgaming-w4z: Ricky is gonna spend the money on food
  13. @rupenjshah: First time I have seen this.  Super amazing detail in the tech involved.  Thanks, loved it.
  14. @K.Z.Deutsch: 0:37 Bro says "don't rob me" while sitting on 5 Million Dollars
  15. @CrazyBrain01: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @ALLENNN238: I can't believe this is up to 1 year ago at this point 
It still feels like it was yesterday, time flies 💔
  17. @losted00: What’s a nasty shit!!🤮👎…
  18. @Traincrapt: I stand by the logic that Behind the Scenes camera work is infinitely cooler than the TV show or Movie itself
  19. @SHDWKNIIGHT: Raiders Baby!!!
  20. @Gimhan_Jayakodi: Again i Will Nvr Miss Mr Beast Vidieos

- How I Made My Most Expensive Video Yet (Beast Games): Kind: captions Language: en We're about to show you the behind the scenes of Season 2 of Beast Games! We have some of the largest sets in history, we're breaking dozens of world records, giving away millions of dollars. A lot of people want to know how did we do it all? So, for the next 45 days, I'm gonna be giving Jon Youshaei exclusive access to everything. Every room, every set, all ten episodes, all 200 contestants, all of my employees, as we travel the world. And things are gonna get personal. Do you still enjoy doing this? We're in a really bad spot. It's six months of preparation, 1,100 crew members. If something can go wrong, it will go wrong. Rain came in. It actually broke through our set. -Oh, my... -I was just pissed. That kinda hits me a little bit harder 'cause that's just not who I am, you know. Episode one's gonna be a banger. I don't normally give access like this to anyone. I'm a little scared. Jimmy just texted me. He's landing here in Vegas. All those months of preparation, all these hundreds of people building the set here in Vegas and while this is going on, like, in four countries, they're building nine other episodes. And this is the moment where it starts to feel real. -How's it going? -Hello, man. Finally, Beast Games time. This is crazy. I just need you to see this. I need you to start mentally be prepared. Because we need you to rehearse your entry lines. Carl's coming over here to read it off to you. Once again, I'm standing on $5 million in real cash. In Season 3, you're like, "I seem to always be standing on five million." "I can't stop myself." This is essentially the smallest thing we can ever put on you. You won't even see it under your clothes. All right, I've hooked it. I am standing on $5 million of real cash! When he starts talking, can you do the lighting cue? And competing for it to my right are 100 of the strongest contestants... And competing for this $5 million are 100 of the strongest people on the planet alongside 100 of the smartest people on the planet. So I'm watching Episode 1 of Season 1. This is my first time ever filming the show, so... I'm sure it could be much better. I am standing on $5 million of real money... ...the largest grand-prize in entertainment history. are these 1,000 contestants. I want things to be a little YouTube-y, but also, there are certain things TV does well. So, there's, like, no need to be different for different sake. Look at this sick shot. This shot of, like, underneath the stage, when it's above it, and then it goes below, it's gonna be really good. I need you here before all those contestants, 'cause when they get here, it's like we have a timer. So every 30 minutes past, adds time and money. So there's a charge... at ten hours, it costs 36 grand. At 11, it's like 42 grand, 12, it's like 100 grand. It goes up pretty fast. Ready? Tomorrow's the big day. Is there anything that could be improved as you look around? I mean, people might not realize it, but we used more gear for this season of Beast Games than the Olympics use. But the thing is like, you know, last year we were massively over budget. This year, we're trying to be on budget, so it's like, yeah, I do see some things here and there, but I can't lose money this time. -I can't. -Does that feel different? 'Cause usually you're like spending money, no matter what it takes. I don't think a lot of the overages we did on Season 1 necessarily equated to better content. Some did. Some were just inexperience. So this season, I mean, we're spending millions more on screen. I mean, we have a camera that costs half a million dollars that Marvel uses, and that's what we're going to be using to film me. When I was standing on the money, I was just thinking like, "Man!" It's kind of crazy that this is my life, you know? I'm hosting the largest competition show ever, you know? It's kind of surreal. Does anything make you feel nervous or anxious anymore? No. I mean, I might... When they first come out here and I'm looking at these 200 people and they're staring at me, maybe I'll be a smidge nervous. Okay. It is like 1:00 a.m. right now. And they are still racing around the clock. There's like 100 construction workers, like 12 cranes all around here, Jimmy is taking a tour around. It's crazy to see that we're this close to filming and we're this far from the set being done. I think they'll pull it off, but we'll see. Right now we're at the airport. The first contestants are about to arrive for summer camp, which is the code name for Beast Games. And they don't even know. But there's a stretch limousine Hummer waiting for them. -Are you gonna win it all? -I feel like I'm going to be a killer. I'm going on the show to win the money and donate my liver right afterwards to my best friend who has cancer. I've been practicing by doing six foot lache jumps, press handstands, handstand pushups, dead hangs. I left my son, 18 months old. I'm doing this for me. Ready to kill 'em. Two hundred contestants, from the moment they arrived at the airport today, that is their first steps into the competition. We are undertaking the biggest show that will be shot in 2025. You are the show. One of you in this room will win five million dollars. We have hundreds of thousands of people who want to be here. We chose the best 200. This is going to be hard. The things we do are unlike anything that has ever been done before. We're still doing a lot of building in there right now. We're dealing with fires every day, but that's what we do. We're problem solvers. We're making the world's biggest competition. And we just happen to be filming it. It's time to introduce the theme of Beast Games 2, Strong versus Smart. Get the ambulance ready. -You gotta... -Come on. I'm a professional wrestler, so I just go around the country beating dudes up. I heard you ask about pi digits earlier. I could recite some for you if you want. The frickin' strong team over here is trying to challenge me into a push-up contest. Okay. Okay. All right. 3.141592653589793. Two, three. We're gonna show these strong people we can do a pushup, too. I want you to channel all that childhood trauma. They might know how to count, but we know how to count by 45s, right? ...342117067. Geez, dude. What the heck is that even? We're about to go to dinner with all the contestants, and we could spend over $500,000 tonight. Just to get them in the mindset of what Beast Games is. So it's gonna be a little bit of fun time. -Cheers, guys! -Cheers. Cheers. Now we've got all the contestants here in this restaurant. How's it going? How you guys doing? -Excited? -We're really excited. Jimmy has generously given all of you a gift of $1,000. We all know you have $1,000. If over a hundred of you say yes, we'll flip a coin and do double or nothing. Raise your hand if you want us to flip the coin. Let's go, baby. Flip the coin. Flip the coin. -For double or nothing. -Let's go! Chandler! Chandler! It's spinning. Unfortunately, you've lost out on the $1,000 gift -that Jimmy... -Let's give them the $1,000 anyways. Holy cow. -Yeah. -Holy... This is a wild weather day. We had record rainfall... ...bombarded by rain, thunder, even hail. We're already a day behind, and we're on day one. All right, I'm gonna be on set in, like, 15 minutes. This is all happening in real time. More storms moving through the valley today, and this one dropping heavy rain and dime-sized hail. The first thing in my mind is I need to get in a good headspace before I get there. I don't want people to see that I'm nervous. Rain came in, rain was pouring really hard. Everything was pristine last night. Now, not so much, like the thunderstorm definitely came through here, and it's eating up everyone's time, And the tent is like breaking. There's stuff flying off over there. Yeah, it looks pretty bad. What are the chances we don't film tonight? Chances we don't film... Everything... Just saw that lightning. 80% we're not going to film, 20% we have a shot at filming. If we are here for another day, how many hundreds of thousands of dollars will that cost? This could trigger a few hundred thousand all the way to potentially a million or two dollars. Yeah, I did not expect this. -We're running out of time. -I don't want to be in a rush situation. -Does that make sense? -Let's do it. All right. I don't want to run out of time. Rule number one, when it comes to stuff we do, if something can go wrong, it will go wrong, and you just gotta roll with it. It happens. It thundered. Safety said we can't have people in the metal building for five hours. It ruined all our plans. But here we are. We're just starting a little later. It's 1:00 p.m. -a.m. It's 1:00 a.m. -1:00 a.m. -What did I say? -p.m. I don't know. I'm tired. I feel like I'm walking into, like, a football arena. Is there anything that could go wrong? Yeah. What do you mean? Yeah, there's a million things. Like, we... right now, we have two hours and 10 minutes to film a game that's projected to take five hours. Six months of preparation, 1,100 crew members to pull this off. All cameras rolling, please. Okay, here we go, everybody, come on. Control room. All right. In three, two, one, go. Once again, I am standing on $5 million of real cash. on the planet... We're going to the city one way or another. I don't care what it takes. ...alongside 100 of the smartest people You were confident when we met you at the airport. Now you're nervous. It's a little bit more real now. Welcome to Season 2 of Beast Games! And next up, let's have some fun. Notice how the floor is getting further and further away. You're the head of the camera, right... -Right. -...for the series. What are you looking for in a shot this important? We're looking to cover reactions when the set raises. We're gonna bring the stage up 40 feet and blow these people's minds. How many cameras do we have here rolling? About 408. We have all our main cameras here, and then our GoPros. So if I had the $5 million... I would give it all away and become MrBeast. There you go. And once we get really good one-liners, then we're gonna go right into game-play. All you have to do is climb down the rope, grab the blocks, come back up and put them in the order I tell you. Go! All right. They're up. They're going. All right. Everyone is now climbing down the trapdoor. Let's see who the first 50 to come up are. We have a finish... We have a finisher. -I think you might be the first one up. -Yeah, baby! All right, number two. You are the second. Wow. There's actually a lot of people struggling to get it. Great shot. There's nine more spots. $5 million. Dig deep! There have been people down there for like 15 minutes. I don't know how they're still hanging on. She's slipping. I'm sorry. Forty-one are through. Wow, we're not going to get there. At the end of the day, 50 strong contestants were supposed to go through. We only got 42. But if 50 aren't going to make it, does that mean you're going to get more of the smart team, or... No. So we've got a tie-breaker rule. Okay? So we're about to go to a tie-breaker rule. Everybody in pushup position. We're just doing a little push up contest with the strong people to get us to 50 'cause we said 50, and only 42 climbed up. How did you decide on a pushup contest? So that was the predetermined tie-breaker from the compliance team. So everyone you see here are people that either didn't go or fell down. We're starting off with the women to get us 25 women. Then we're doing the guys to get us to 25 guys. Down, up, down, up. Do you worry that this may not be the most interesting content? Like, this isn't the most visual after going from that to this. This will never make the show. -Really? It's kind of confusing, and if they wanted to see the deep dive, watch the BTS video, you know. If you're in pushup position, welcome to Beast City. Congratulations. How does someone this large win? Let's go! Contestants, come on in. Let's play the next game. We've got some smart people. She has the same IQ as Albert Einstein. And then we've sort of hacked the challenge a little bit. All right. Are you listening to every single microphone on set? We have the capability to switch between them and kind of check on all the different players. And also listening to Jimmy and his boys. What do you do for a living? Just out of curiosity. Stay-at-home dad. I play with blocks every day. So all of these are tags. You can sort by these different tags. So if I just want to see everything that we thought was funny, I can search by "Funny." And as the episode goes on, we are going to add notes of things that stood out to us on camera that we heard them say we saw them do. Like 69, he was doing this, like crazy dance, and I have a note of that, and I want to add that into his one sheet. You really don't know who's going to end up in the finale, and we want to know that they have a full, strong story from the very first episode. I'm gonna stack a random assortment of blocks into a tower. And once I knock it over, you will have 60 seconds to recreate that tower using the blocks on your platform. Our first block is yellow and our final block is green. Have fun. Reveal the results! This is the verification process. We have our producers. They've all got an individual iPad. That iPad displays a photo that was taken off their block stack at the moment the clock hit zero. We'll be doing this over and over again, adding more and more blocks until 50 of you are eliminated. More blocks! More blocks! We're cutting the time in half and adding four extra blocks. Have fun! Our board's populating with a lot of red squares. Maybe over 50 people got out. So 18 got it right. What do you want to do? How about this? We'll take a vote for the 18 who got it right to move on and the other 82 to keep playing. Last round! Obviously, I got a little carried away. So this time, I'm going to give you guys 60 seconds to do 10 blocks instead of 30. Number 13 red. And the final block... blue. Three, two, one. Good luck! This could be the final round. Let's see how they're doing. Two, one! Hands off! The tower was still standing when the timer hit zero. Okay. Well, like we do with every single game on this show, we have a ton of people in the control room over here fact checking all the eliminations to make sure they're accurate. -So, there's blue... -Yep. Yes. Blue, yellow... Blue. Yes. -This is the best picture. -Let's send it. Agreed. How much longer do you think we'll go tonight? I don't know what's going on. This is why we take an incredibly long time to review every single one. Look outside. It is, like, 6:00 a.m. The sun is, like, coming out. And that means that the set is going to start to look different because the sunlight is seeping through. They're sending construction workers to patch up the holes in the set. The sun is out. How does that make you feel as an executive producer? It's incredibly frustrating, right? There's a balance between how much we're spending and what the creative is. When you guys spend in the millions more for an episode like this, do you save somewhere else? -Do you cut somewhere else? -Yes. The results are in... And you 50 are moving on to the city! Congratulations! Welcome to the top 100 of Beast Games. Tyler, what's about to happen? Bro, they're about to walk in the city for the first time. Let's just put the strongest in the front, smartest next to them. It's the world's largest Feastable! Oh, my God! This is insane! I am so blessed and grateful to be here, and I'm so happy I applied. This is literally a once in a lifetime opportunity. Jimmy, did you ever think growing up in Greenville that you'd be able to build your own city here? No, to be honest. I have a town inside the town now. You know how crazy that is? I mean, during the day, you'll see we brought in a ton of trailers, offices, catering, our own water supply and a new control room to basically build one of the largest base camps ever for TV production. And, Jimmy, I was researching that the state of North Carolina said your show will create hundreds of jobs and millions of dollars for the local economy, which is crazy. This year, since the theme is Strong versus Smart, we really leaned into it. There's a gym over there, there's a Smart section with books and things like that. Yes, that is a real Starbucks with real baristas in it. Even the Feastables Cafe from last year looks so much better. This is supposed to be the greatest time of the contestants' lives. Like, they're... They should, when they leave here, miss it. They should be like, "My God, I wish I could live in that city forever." Like that's our goal here, to create, you know, a utopia where they can strategize, don't have to worry about anything. And it's just about gameplay. I'm here with Stephen, who's one of the designers of Beast City. How many months did it take build all of this? Just under two months of construction, starting with grounds work and then concrete. Last year, the jump off was like a dome city, and this year, they wanted more of a futuristic utopia. So we've got video game references, we've got sci-fi movie references, to get all of the designs roughly together. They continue to evolve a little bit after we built, but we had to be budgeted, concept, designed, and then it was shovels in the ground. How did you stretch your dollar even further, like, to make it look like this with less money? There were a few things that helped us out. One, the towers last season were astronomically expensive. They were incredibly tall. We had to be able to put 40 people on each level simultaneously. All of those things sort of snowballed the cost of that. And another thing that really helped us out, shout-out to Lowe's, they have given us a tremendous amount of materials, so that really stretched our dollar a lot farther. Three, two, one! Open the door! -You're my favorite. You're my favorite. -Yeah! We are about to play the most insane game you have ever seen in your life. I'll see you guys there. I don't know what the competition is, but we know something crazy is about to happen. I'm feeling a little antsy. I just want to get it over with. And they are in place, all blindfolded in the room? -All right, I'm coming over. The first winner of Beast Games! Dino! Dino! Dino! Ten million dollars! Take your blindfolds off. See who you're around. You all got a phone call from myself that said, "Would you like to potentially, maybe, be part of Season 2?" You guys really were the heart of our show for Season 1. Like, there's no guarantees. The only guarantee we have at this point is that you will be walking out with the potential to enter in Season 2 of Beast Games. Oh, my God. Contestants! Come on in! -This is crazy! -What's going on? -It's like a mental asylum. -What is this? Jimmy is going to go, "All right. "Some of you might have hoped that maybe there was a bribe." "We haven't bribed anybody yet." Before we eliminate half of you, I have an offer. Guards, come on in! We'll have ten guards who are gonna come out with a million dollars, hundred thousand each. Any one of these players can step forward, eliminate themselves from the game and take $100,000. And that's it. They're out of the game. And then Jimmy says one more thing... To receive this $100,000 bribe, you don't have to eliminate your friend, not your best friend. All you have to do is eliminate yourself. And the catch is, if they step forward, they have the option to take any one of your $100,000. If they take yours, then you will be entered into Beast Games Season 2. There is one more thing that I forgot to mention. Guards! Take off your masks! These are ten of the most notorious contestants from Season 1. And if you take their bribe, they will take your spot in the game. I know somebody's bringing back Dino. My God, he's the coin-flipper. We need him. I love for all of us to get in and see what we can do with these... With this new batch of folks. You just won $100,000! Now, you'll have to decide which one of these ten you want to swap with. -I think, Dino, you deserve another shot. -Dino! Dino is officially back in Beast Games! Let's bring back the winner. Oh, my gosh! Jeff's already won $10 million. JC, make sure you leave some money for the rest of the people. JC. That was good. Star that. I think a lot of people had a lot of preconceived notions about everybody. Everybody saw JC steal 600 grand from everybody. So, it's going to be fun to watch the dynamic of him in all of these situations. I knew you would take it. It's $100,000 dollars! Officially gave away a million dollars in this one. My gosh, I'm going to buy a house. I'm gonna have a down payment for a house. This is the most incredible blessing. We're gonna give you the option of choosing between a ball game... ...playing a balance game, playing a game of bluff, or playing a game with blocks. We will not be telling you anything else about these four games. One is going to do bluff. These people are literally the only reason that there's a TV show, you know what I mean? -Like they're leaving notes constantly. She just wrote a note telling them that one of them doesn't think that the pictures actually represent what the mini game is. And then an editor later will potentially use that if it makes sense. If they need, they're like, "We want somebody to question what the games even are." Now they can look at that note or find that and then be able to implement that clip in. It's interesting that Jeff's already got a little posse that he's trying to swing. Herding around the previous winner like he's some god. Lots of Strong are waiting to see who goes where. So, like Smart are stepping in and Strong are staying back. What are you choosing? -Blocks is getting bigger and bigger. -This is good. Three, two, one! Make your decision! All the contestants pick their game, and then we'll start soon. Russ, am I good to go? Can I have Jimmy go? All right, Jimmy, you're good. It's time for the first game. The 18 of you are going to be playing dodgeball until nine of you remain. Here's how this works. You do not throw the ball until the lights go red. The lights will be red for ten seconds. In that ten second window, you must throw your ball. Round one is underway! Here we go, here we go. Let's think about this, guys. Come on. Take a look at this. All of these people are all monitoring multiple angles, multiple people. Everybody goes through all of the footage here. It looked like he was getting hit in the head when he twisted around another angle. But when we looked above, you can see the ball go right past him. You two, your balls collided mid-air. Yvonne and Eddie are out. He stepped on it! He stepped on the line! -Anybody get hit? -No, we've no hits. God, that is so confusing. I want you to get out playing dodgeball, not because you step on a red line. We have one real out of three. That's what I'm saying. I know it's pissing me off. We want to see people get hit with the ball, you know. This next one is gonna screw them up. -We're gonna put three lines. -Three lines? You're the first to hear it. You guys control the red lines. So we get a little note from the producers. They tell us what they want to set, and then we hit the buttons. Moment of truth! Where is the line gonna be? She's alone. -Get her! -Akira! They've only seen two spokes and three spokes. We have four spokes. We have five spokes. Ready, and red. Oh, my gosh! That's game! Dude, there was a moment where we thought you got out and my heart sank. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll see you in the city, man. You keep surviving, man. Bro, and I will stay surviving until the end. At least top ten. These custom-made breakaway hearts that will be on these scales with these custom rocks to counterbalance these. And even with all the care in the world, this stuff is so fragile. it's very easy to lose one and they just go. These are glass, so be very careful. This is the best balance game ever put on TV. Yeah. It's gonna be good. This might be my favorite game on the show. They're very, very sensitive to, like the slightest touch we lose, like probably 50 to 60% of these things. Not only do they have very few of these hearts with these rubies inside, but if it breaks, that causes like a 45-minute cleanup and that causes overtime. Pull the pin. Make sure you hold it up. My God! Out of all of the games in 202, this is the one I'm most nervous about. The way I looked at it was like, "What is a game that is completely balanced for both strong and smart people?" A strong person can lift up a heart and curl it and go, "I know what 20 pounds feels like when I curl." A smart person may not do it that way. They may do something else. You get to see the contrast of how their brains operate. What round is that? Twenty-two. When you're ready, pull that pin. -She's out. Just picking up the red rubies from last round. Hey, anything else? You guys all picked Bluff. That means you guys shouldn't have a problem lying to each other. That's what this entire game is about. I need to go back to the city like anyone in this world. If I don't make it out of this room and she makes it back, it's gonna be really ugly for whoever eliminates me in this room. Okay, 49, is aligned with 50, 55 and 173. Can you call out the numbers again? 49 is with 50... 55, 173. trying to get 162 in against Karim, 406. 406 is saying he's coming in with the redemption and he is not going to lie to anyone. There's a big group over there. It's huge. Congrats. You've all passed. But hey, eventually you've got to start lying. There is only one person that has already had a chance at $5 million. That's what I wanted. Now, what did I tell you? I told you this would happen. There's a simple choice here. And that's Karim, number 406. He's saying that because of his wife. Karim, and his brother, Hazim, gaslit my wife on national television to get her out. I told you I'd do it. Me and my brother are secretly talking to each other the entire time. And basically she doesn't know about it. Jessi, we're yellow! Jessi. Hey, what am I? What am I? Tyler! Tyler! Three seconds left! They're not gonna tell him. They're not telling him. Time is up! Turn around, Blue Team. Karim. Now I feel sorry for him. -No, you do not. -I'm sorry, Karim. You have red on the back of your head. You have been eliminated. So Karim is in that room right now. And that was just one of the most cutthroat things I've ever seen. I was excited for him to have, like, a new beginning, to show people that he's more than who he was in Season 1. He just cut it short. -What's up? -Not much, man. How you feeling, man? What's your immediate reaction? I'm Egyptian and we're immigrants. You know, I've faced adversity my entire life, and it's not something that I'm not used to, but it's never been adversity of character, and I think that's kind of where... That kind of hits me a little bit harder because that's just not who I am, you know. And that's very important to me. It sucked for the last year to always be in a position of adversity, always start from a negative and try to show people that I'm competing for a game, I'm doing what I can. And it kind of sucked that that's the way it was ended and ended a little sooner than I would have wanted it to, but... It's time for the final game! We're actually going to be going back to the city to play a 50 times bigger version of blocks. This is the fourth and final game. The contestants that passed the other games have no idea what's about to go on. The people who chose blocks definitely have no idea what's about to go on. This is gonna be freaking crazy. They all think those flags are coming down. They're not. They're gonna have to climb 50 feet in the air. It's about to be game time. Make sure you get good shots. Yellow team picked a lot of the strong people. Pink team picked a lot of the OGs. We'll see which strategy works out. Start the game! Do you think, honestly, this game favors the strong? No, this game, I can tell you, without a doubt, favors communication, because you only need one really athletic person climbing this thing on either side, and that's it. As long as you each have one, which they both have one, and as long as the runners are decent, you're just going to alternate blocks. What it is is it's incredibly strategic. Every block has a purpose. If you put the block down like this instead of like this, it could mean that your tower falls, or it could mean that you're not high enough to grab the flag. One more! One more! My God! She's at the top! Has Jimmy always had this much stamina? When the contents good, yeah. You can't fake this level of excitement. He's sitting here yelling. This is the craziest game we have ever filmed. We have been playing this game so long that the sun is really starting to come. At this point, it's which one of those two men want $5 million for their team! Johnny, he's going for it. He's going for it! Oh, my God! Seven hours later. Oh, my goodness, that was a nail biter. That's the intro, by the way. Intro to Episode 3. You just saw it. It's really good And with that... the second game is over. There's 50 people left. We told them all to split up into groups of five, so they picked their teams. There's some cutthroats and backstabbing, some outcasts, and we told them that half of them are about to be eliminated. That's all they know. Between us, this is gonna be freaking crazy. Like, this next game is wild. How are you feeling about your team? -I feel really good. -I feel really bad. -I feel really bad about this team, bro. -I don't know. -Why do you feel bad? Because you don't think we have the strength? I think we could have used a little bit more muscle instead of JC. Let's go, bro. Lock it in with us. I got you. I got you. I got you. I swear to God, JC, if you cook this... Basically, it's a game where you have to jump on these teeter totters and progress through the course. There's a lot of strategy in it. You know, I'm excited to see the smart people, maybe like grab the strong and kind of point them in a direction. "Hey, listen, you can go super-fast, but if you fall, our whole game's over, so slow and steady, you might win the race." Yeah, the teams are a lot. We have an imminent bad weather situation coming, so we need to roll cameras immediately and start this. -How much time... -We have like a small window. We probably have less than ten minutes. Man, this becomes really difficult. In about 30 minutes, it will be unsafe to do anything. Isn't that water up there? So that's a water bubble that's just developed. Oh, my God. So all that water could break over the control room. Absolutely. We've got a lot of issues in here that we've got to fix. So right when the contestants were about to come in to run the obstacle course, some of the worst thunderstorms and lightning in Greenville's recent history are happening right now, and Clint's is about to walk in to address the crew because we've just been sitting here on lockdown for the past three hours, and I think they're gonna have to figure out a way to speed up the games because right now, we're even further delayed than we were before. Have a seat. The bigger thing is the next steps of what we're going to do to salvage the episode. Just be on standby. We are going to get this thing done. So, thank you, guys. Thanks for sticking it out. What's the probability we film today? It all comes down to the lightning. Safety. All right. We just got the clearance that it's actually safe to film. The Lightning is still far enough away. It's raining, but they're covering the cameras, and we're just going to try to get as many run throughs of contestants going through this obstacle course as possible before we have to shelter in place. Contestants! Come on up! Let's see which team wins round one. Three, two, one, go! Avery is just blitzing. Remember, if you or someone falls, it's over. That's it. That's it. JC! JC! How do you think about the safety of this with rain? Like, I ran through it, and it was hard enough when it wasn't wet and rainy. -Yeah, but you still did it. -Somehow. I mean, it's hard as it is, and then you bring the weather element into it, it's minute-to-minute. You know, any change in the direction of how it's going, and we've got to just lock it down, get everybody out, get them to shelter, get them into the vehicles that we've got standing by over there. What do we got coming up? We've got a big storm coming in over here. We might be able to get us another one in. Who's going forward? JC! Oh, my God! -More money for JC! All right, JC, I think she's building confidence. I wouldn't fall too far behind. Go for it, JC. I never doubted these guys for a second. I told him he would have to get on his hands and knees and beg for forgiveness for ever doubting me and my team-picking abilities. I am... I am so sorry for doubting your team-picking abilities. -Okay, come here. -I am so sorry. I am so sorry for ever doubting you. You're stuck with me. Congrats, man. We're gonna get more money for JC. -More money. Team more money! More money. How much time do we have right now to get this shot? You guys are gonna love this obstacle. I don't know. It's whenever they shut us down. Whenever the lightning is within 20 miles. How close is it right now? There's no warning. We gotta play it by ear. Welcome to the final round! Here we go. Let's go. We got this. They're both racing to get position. They're about to meet at the Y. Tyler is guarding the exit with the jousting stick. What you got, Eric? Take it slow! You're good. Go! Go, Mike! Let's go! Go! Go before he gets position on you. I'm doing this for my brother and my family, bro. Don't take that from me. He got it! He got it! Push! Push! Can we go to replay and see the push with the hands? -My God. -Can we go to instant replay? What happened? We just raced from the set. There was a lot of like questions about this joust in particular. What happened? You'll see the right arm of white... -Here it is. -...grabs the side, now goes for the head. -That's where he gets illegal. -That's the illegal move. -And he's out. -He's out no matter what. Sorry, guys. Here comes the biggest explosion yet. It is loud. We got the pyrotechnics, explosion, the lighting. It is unbelievable. We're gonna decide who's competing for a $1.8 million island. I don't know how they do it on Beast Games. On Survivor, we move quickly. The biggest saying in television this year. You guys have no idea how epic this is gonna be. That little moment, I'd say that's what Beast Games is all about. For more of the extended scenes from Beast Games, check out Jon Youshaei's YouTube channel. He crushed it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [4200 likes]: Watch Beast Games free on Prime, start your 30-day trial now! 
https://linktr.ee/beastgames
  2. @mahfooj.desi.chhora.10k: एडिटर वेरी डेंजर
  3. @AzizGezinda: Karim just wrong game he need balanced game not lie
  4. @ganshika62: Jimmy is literally the goat of youtube
  5. @yannicklevytv01: Donc 5M de dollars peux remplir tout un camion et 1Millards c'est tout un fourgon?
  6. @thaichikiet: Rất thích xem video của anh , anh ơi có dịp qua việt nam 🇻🇳 làm clip đi anh
  7. @famqrme: Это на столько похоже на Игру Кальмара, что я надеюсь Джимми никогда не сойдёт с ума.
  8. @MdOmor-yl2vf: Playing games for seven hours continuously, the weather is bad. Again the moderators made a mistake. The matter of the sun rising from night to dawn. I realized. I wish I could go to episode number three of Bish Gham.
  9. @壊れた約束-m7k: good game
  10. @tuanvu9899: Video này có dàn dựng ko ae?
  11. @Navghanbhai-b9q2q: Hi mrBeast जिमी india and Gujarat
  12. @md.shafiqulhaqrasel2307: Ame 27 Hajar dolar rene jode hellp koren Bangla desh
  13. @md.shafiqulhaqrasel2307: Ame 27 Hajar dolar rene jode hellp koren
  14. @AyoubHassani-j4e: هل تعلم الناس أن يكون إنسان أو يكون عبد للناس أو للمال نحن نعلم الناس أن يكون عبد لمن ينقضهم من النوم والكثير من الناس لم ينهضو من النوم وذهبو ولم يرجعو فنحنو نعلم الناس بالفوز بعد الموت هو خير من هاذه المال يحرقها قداحة بأقل الثمن ويحترق معها واين الاثرياء من قبل وماذا فعل بالمال بعد الموت أو انقضهم من الموت
  15. @MdMaruf-rt6gv: I Lave Allah ❤❤❤❤
  16. @ShamimHossain-yy9yp: bd voice is best ❤️🇧🇩
  17. @SiddManga: India se me be ye games ho sakta he kya mr bean
  18. @jovinafranklin5377: 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
  19. @jovinafranklin5377: Mr. beast you are lucky
  20. @kyutiiee_89: Watching from Philippines ❤❤❤ ilove the BTS coz I watched full episodes of season 2

- How MrBeast Made 30 Celebrities Fight for $1,000,000: Kind: captions Language: de-DE Hast du jemals so viele Promis in einem YouTube-Video gesehen? Nervöse Stars. Alle flippen aus! Ja. Wartet auf mich! Wartet! Ich bin am Ende! Nein, nein! Nein, Tiffany. War es schwer, alle Leute hierher zu holen? Oh, mein Gott! Ja! Das totale Chaos hier! Das Beast-Team hat hier Stationen für ihre Thumbnail-Fotos, Instagram-Fotos und Kurzvideos. Was ist es, das MrBeast-Videos ausmacht? Er steigert den Einsatz, das ist sein Ding. Wer am Ende noch aufrecht steht... Gewinnt eine Million!! Das ist echt perfekt! Wie viele Kameras? Fast vierzig Kameras. Was ist die teuerste Kamera? Weltbeste Kameras. Jede kostet fünfhunderttausend Dollar. Das ist eine Riesenenthüllung. Hier wurden viele Shows gedreht. Seinfeld wurde hier gemacht. In einer Folge... geben wir so viel aus wie eine ganze Staffel anderer Shows kostet. Wie siehst du die Fusion von Alt und Neu? Hollywood versteht das nur schwer. Ich will es nicht verhindern, ich will es vorantreiben. Nein! Komm schon! Tschüss, Kevin! War nicht so gemeint! Bitte, Mann!! Oh, schau dir den Kleinen an! Sie hat Pipi gemacht. Ist nur ein Millionen-Boden, keine Sorge. Wir haben... eine Stunde gebraucht! Du hast geschummelt! Security!! Security! Legendärer Ausraster von Howie. Wir haben's geschafft!! Viele... Schauspieler meinten: „Ehrlich gesagt hab ich Angst vor so was.“ Wo steckt eigentlich Kevin? Er ist raus. Wie läuft's, Mann? Sag mal Hallo. Alle amüsieren sich prächtig. Das ist ziemlich... Das ist ziemlich groß, Mann. Oh, das ist Wahnsinn! Das ist... einer der weltweit größten LED-Böden. Sie testen die Grafik. Die Wände öffnen sich. Eine Million für den guten Zweck. Wahnsinn! Heilige Scheiße! Ich habe dreißig Stars in den Kreis gesteckt! Hey! Und wer am Ende übrig bleibt, darf nach Hause gehen mit... Einer Million Dollar! Interessant, wie Jimmy Kevin Hart Anweisungen für das Intro gibt. „Fass dich kürzer.“ Aber er bringt die Energie. Es wird toll zu sehen, wie diese Welten verschmelzen, traditionell und digital, in diesem Video. Wir... haben dreißig Stars eingesperrt. Wer als Letzter geht, gewinnt eine Million Dollar!! Wie viele Spiele total? Ich schätze sechs, sieben. Das wird verrückt! Ja, Kevin und ich moderieren dieses YouTube-Video zusammen. Klingt irre. Wir moderieren ein Video, nicht mal eine Show. Wir haben große Namen hier. Ich bin echt gespannt! Und dann sind all die Teilnehmer hier drüben. Was geht, Mann? Alles klar, Bro. Bei dir? Wessen Idee war das... Schau, wenn Dwight Howard hier ist... heißt das, wenn's körperlich wird, bin ich geliefert! Oh... sieh mal, wer da ist! Seht euch das an! Wir haben Steve-O am Start! MrBeast! Wir spielen jetzt ein paar Spiele! So, jetzt sind endlich alle Stars zusammen in einem Raum. Jimmy und Kevin kommen gerade direkt vom Probedurchlauf. Die wirklich große Herausforderung am heutigen Tag ist, wie man so viel Content wie nur möglich aus den meistbeschäftigten Menschen der Welt herausholt und dass dabei auch alle rechtzeitig fertig werden. Jimmy dreht hier nämlich nicht nur ein Video, sondern will gleichzeitig auch Content für Instagram. Viele bewegliche Teile. Es ist pures Chaos! Die Stars kommen an. Man sieht, einige haben Vlog-Kameras und... manche wissen nicht, wie man sie bedient, wie Howie Mandel. Glaubst du, ich brauch ein Tutorial? Ich weiß schon, was ich tue. Ich glaube, er benutzt zum ersten Mal eine Vlog-Kamera. Kurz bevor... der Dreh für das Hauptvideo startet, hat das Beast-Team hier Stationen für Thumbnails und Instagram-Fotos. Das Shorts-Team will auch noch Kurzvideos mit ihnen machen. Sie versuchen wirklich, so viel wie möglich reinzupacken. Ich dachte nicht, dass wir voll... Also, das ist offizieller als erwartet. Ich habe nichts zu verlieren... Ich meine, ja, drei Kinder und eine Frau, aber ansonsten hab ich nichts zu verlieren. Steve war hinter uns. Ist das nicht verrückt? Und ich bin so eine echte... Rampensau, na klar! Einfach Wahnsinn. Ich bin überwältigt. Hallo! Wie geht's? Wie geht's, Kleiner? Hi! Alle nennen mich Kleiner. Ähm... das ist der beste Tag meines Lebens! Wie fühlt es sich an, alle hier zu sehen? Mein Hirn setzt manchmal einfach aus. Er spricht nur noch in, äh, abgehackten Sätzen. Schaut, was wir machen dürfen! Ich will mich nicht bewegen, ich will mich nicht bewegen. Los geht's, Leute! Alles klar, wir gehen jetzt alle rüber zum Set! bitte jetzt alle runter vom Set gehen! Was für Spiele werden wir heute eigentlich spielen? Also... da sind die Teslas... der eine Lambo... sie werden versuchen, einen roten Ball durch diese Ringe da oben zu werfen. Oh, wow!! Um ein Auto für einen Fan zu gewinnen. Und das hier ist eine große Enthüllung. Diese Wand. Oh ja. Wir enthüllen hier Dinge mit Wänden und Kammern. Der Raum verändert sich im... Video eigentlich ständig. Wir schließen jetzt diese Tür. Die hier? Genau. Und wenn sie wieder aufgeht... kommt ein komplettes Küchen-Set raus. Dann schließt sie sich und geht wieder auf. Ein roter Raum mit Rauch und drei riesige rote Würfel werden auf die Bühne gestellt. Es entwickelt sich also ständig... was echt cool ist, weil dieses Survivor-Set super aussieht. Wenn wir das Survivor-Dings reinfahren und mit der Kamera rangehen, sieht es aus, als wärst du auf einer Insel. Echt verrückt! Wie kam die Idee zum Video? Wir hatten fünfzig YouTuber im Würfel... und brachen den Rekord für Aufrufe in vierundzwanzig Stunden. Warum nicht dasselbe mit Promis machen? alle Leute... in einen Raum zu kriegen? Die sind ja super beschäftigt. Oh Gott, ja! Viele von ihnen meinten, sie hätten so was noch nie gemacht... es ist lustig: „Eigentlich mache ich kein Reality-TV.“ Sie sind eher Drehbücher gewohnt. Und der Gedanke an ein Umfeld ohne Skript macht ihnen totale Angst! Es gibt so viele Schauspieler, die sagten: „Ehrlich gesagt hab ich wahnsinnige Angst davor.“ Wartet auf mich!! Wie fühlt sich das Beast-Set an? Riesig! Typisch für ihn. Er legt immer noch einen drauf und lässt Stars für ihre Wohltätigkeitsorganisationen spielen. Kevin, du bist so zukunftsorientiert. Du machst Videos mit Kai, Druski, Jimmy. Wie siehst du das Zusammenwachsen von traditioneller und digitaler Welt? Ich glaube, die... Unterhaltungsbranche in Hollywood versteht nur schwer, was die Welt des Streamings oder der Influencer heute ist. Aber worauf die Leute reagieren, ist kein Zufall. Ich will das nicht... aufhalten. Ich will es vorantreiben. Ihr sollt hier völlig frei sein. Darum geht's. Ihr habt einen eigenen Kameramann dabei. Wenn ihr rübergehen und euch irgendwo hinsetzen wollt, macht es einfach! Ihr könnt tun, was immer ihr wollt. Das ist ja Kevin Hart! Los geht's! Seid ihr bereit?! Packen wir es an! Wir schaffen das! Verschwinde hier! Oh mein Gott! Mein Gott!! Wovon redest du überhaupt? Oh mein Gott, ist das unglaublich!! Kommt jetzt bitte alle hier rein! Wow! Tretet in den Kreis! Ach du Schande, das ist ja der Wahnsinn! Erstes Spiel, los! Absolut! Das ist nicht nur eins, sondern fünf schicke Autos! Darunter... dieser zweihundertfünfzigtausend Dollar teure Lamborghini! In Spiel eins: Wenn ihr es schafft, einen Völkerball durch einen dieser fünf Reifen zu werfen... schenken wir eurem größten Fan das Auto! Oh mein Gott, Wahnsinn! Wir waren gerade in der Garderobe für unsere weißen Outfits. Darius, Jordan, zurück! Ich liebe diesen Blickwinkel, weil man jeden Monitor und jede Kamera sieht. Hier passiert alles. Das ist der Hauptkontrollraum. Da ist Russ, der alles regiert, und die Kameras. Emily behält auch die Kameras im Auge. Leute vom Audioteam hören bei allen Dialogen zu. Und dort drüben ist die Requisitenabteilung, die alles vorbereitet, die Koffer und so, damit alles perfekt sitzt. Die Kulissen wechseln ständig, während die Crew das Survivor-Set bringt, dann die Küche, dann die roten Würfel... Schlag auf Schlag. Hier ist so viel los. Und dazu kommen noch die zwei anderen Studios, die sie gemietet haben für den Social-Media-Content, der während der neun Stunden mit all den Leuten heute entsteht. So, wer von euch... riskiert das Ausscheiden... und eine Million Dollar, um seinem größten Fan ein Auto zu schenken?! Oh, er macht's!! Holt sofort seinen Fan her! Hab ihn! Was geht ab bei dir, Jess?! Welches Auto wirst du dir schnappen? Natürlich steht der Lamborghini am allerweitesten von uns weg. Der da wird es. Der Tesla? Jay! Er war wirklich viel zu kurz! Wie Kevin Hart! Unser erstes Ausscheiden. Was war denn da bitteschön gerade los, Jay? Beim Werfen ist er kurz vor dem Loch einfach abgesackt. So richtig „Hui“ und runter. Als hätte Goku mitten im Flug seine Kräfte verloren. Wie ginge Denzel auf Teilnehmer zu? Denzel würde sagen: „Jeder hat eine Aufgabe: bleib drin. Du musst im Kreis bleiben! Okay? Bleib drin, klar?“ Diese Aufgabe hab ich verpatzt, aber das ist okay, weil ich jetzt mit dir rede. Verstehst du? Ich will, dass du wieder mitmachst. Das wäre der Wahnsinn. Gib mir so einen Backstreet-Boys-Anzug. Lass mich noch mal ran. Nein, dann gehörst du zur Crew. Warte nur ab! Übrigens werde ich das Ganze so schneiden, dass es aussieht, als hätte ich es ganz alleine geschafft. So einfach ist das nicht. Okay. Hat er getroffen? Und im Schnitt schneiden wir von meinem Wurf auf seinen Treffer. Diplo, du machst es? Alles klar, er macht's! Holt Diplos Fan her. Pure Freude! Wie geht's dir so? Nimm den Tesla! Komm schon, Dip! Ich will unbedingt ein Auto verschenken. Ich zähle auf dich. Bereit? Fantastisch! Er hat es geschafft! Komm hoch! Was hab ich gerade gesagt?! Oh, du hast ein Auto!! Du hast ein Auto!!!! Hey, hup doch mal richtig! Gib Gas! Ihr Schlauen seid zuerst dran. Dann stellt den Boden auf schlau. Boden umstellen! Ihr dürft entscheiden zwischen einem starken Spiel oder einem schlauen Spiel! Wachen gehen rein. Wachen! Spiel rein! Warte mal, was ist das Spiel? Oh, Mist! Jeder von euch bekommt zehn Blöcke! Ich werde hier ein Muster aus zehn Blöcken stapeln. Sobald es umgestoßen wird, kommen die ersten sechs weiter, die es auf dem Pult vor sich nachbauen. Sag mal, wie würdest du denn dieses Video hier im Großen und Ganzen im Vergleich zu einer Beast-Games-Folge einschätzen? Es ist ähnlich, was den gesamten Aufwand und den Umfang angeht, der hinter den Kulissen betrieben wird. Sie drehen Großproduktionen, nutzen riesige Regieräume und drei, vier Studios gleichzeitig. Das ist im Herzen von L.A. In diesem Studio wurden schon viele Shows und Filme gedreht. Gilligans Insel wurde hier gemacht... Seinfeld wurde hier gemacht, und jetzt haben sie den größten YouTuber der Weltgeschichte hier. Warte, dein Muster und sein Muster sind verschieden. -- Wer hat recht? Ich habe viele große Shows gemacht... Lip Sync Battle... America’s Got Talent... Wipeout. Und was ist der größte Unterschied zwischen diesen Shows und... Beast Games? Wir geben... bei Beast Games für eine Folge so viel aus einer dieser anderen Shows kostet. Glückwunsch an euch sechs mit dem grünen Stern! Ihr wart am schnellsten. Für den ganzen Rest... tut es mir sehr leid. Howie, du hast geschummelt! Howie hat's mit dem Handy gemacht! Das ist mir während des Drehs gar nicht aufgefallen, aber Howie Mandel hatte sein Handy reingeschmuggelt und das Spiel gefilmt! Wisst ihr, warum?! Für krebskranke Kinder! Doppelt umgekehrt. Sagt ruhig, es ist schrecklich! Sagt, ich bin ein schlechter Mensch! Nein, nein, nein! Tif, nein! Das ist doch nicht dein Ernst, Tiffany! Freier Tag! Sorry Tiff, tut mir leid! Oh, Tiffany ist raus. Öffnet die Iris-Tür! Ich hatte es richtig! Es ging um das Tempo! Nach dem Ausscheiden ist aber noch lange nicht Schluss mit dem ganzen Content. Jimmy, kann ich in die Stadt gehen? Ich merke schon, wir könnten in die Stadt gehen. Was dreht ihr hier? Holt ihr hier Content für andere... Beast-Kanäle oder was passiert hier? Wir machen hier ein MrBeast-zwei-Video, in dem dreißig Stars auf die erste Folge von Beast Games reagieren. Ein cleveres Format, weil man für React-Videos die Leute nur hinsetzen muss, Kopfhörer auf, und viele Comedians oder Schauspieler können das richtig pushen. Tiffany Haddish ist extrem lustig. Ich liebe sie. Ihre Reaktionen waren unbezahlbar. Das ist dein Intro. Alles klar, Ruhe am Set! Wir nehmen auf. Okay, ich hab mir... einen Haufen berühmter Stars geschnappt... Comedians, Musiker und Schauspieler. In diesem Video lassen wir sie auf meine brandneue Staffel von Beast Games reagieren. Eure Shorts sind echt krass. Oh, meinst du das wirklich? Wir machen „Finde den echten Star“, mit vier Doppelgängern, die identisch aussehen, wie Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Sabrina Carpenter und wir haben Kevin Hart. Wer Kevin Hart wählt, gewinnt zehntausend Riesen! Und unsere Doppelgänger sind Wahnsinn! Ich stell sie euch mal vor. Leute, hier will sich jemand das ansehen. Das ist Jon. Das freut mich wirklich, Mann. Ed Sheeran. Justin Bieber. Freut mich. Ja, wir haben hier tatsächlich Sabrina Carpenter... Und Drake? Bei dem bin ich nicht sicher, aber okay. und natürlich auch Drake. Alles klar. Die anderen waren super. Ach, "Shape Of You"? Ja, kenne ich. Ja, ja. Kannst du uns ein bisschen was vorsingen? Ich sing ein paar Zeilen, wenn du willst. The club isn't the best place to find a lover... Wow, gut! Das ist echt gut, Mann. Schau es dir an! Hier wird „Finde den echten Star“ stattfinden. Das wird also eine Herausforderung und ich enthülle sie, sobald du die Augenbinde abnimmst. Okay? Nimm die Augenbinde ab! Okay! Direkt vor dir stehen fünf Stars, aber nur ein einziger von ihnen ist echt! Wenn du richtig errätst, welcher echt ist, gebe ich dir zehntausend Dollar! Du hast zehn Sekunden Zeit... triff eine Wahl. Nein, das ist Kevin Hart. Schauen wir mal nach. Das ist eine Zehntausend-Dollar-Entscheidung... Du hast absolut recht! Das ist Kevin Hart!!! Ich bin Kevin Hart!! Kevin Hart!!! Das ist ein super Tipp!!! Ich wollte nicht Kevin Hart sein, aber mein Gesicht verrät mich ständig! Gott, ich bin so dämlich! -- Und das ist mein Anteil. Okay, das ist seine Gage. Danke! Glückwunsch zu den zehntausend!! Bevor ich die Wand öffne und das Spiel zeige, was hofft ihr, was es ist? Liegestütze! Wer von euch hat „Survivor“ gesehen? Okay, bringt die Stangen raus! Bloß nicht die Stange! Das ist das Schlimmste! Kameras werden euch filmen, sagt ihnen einfach, was ihr denkt. Ihr kennt das ja! Falls ihr euch fragt, warum sie ein „Survivor“-Spiel spielen: Beast Games hat ein riesiges Crossover mit „Survivor“ gemacht, bei dem wir auch hinter die Kulissen geschaut haben. Und dieses Video, genau wie das, was ihr gerade seht, und viele andere, findet ihr gesammelt in meinem Linktree, zusammen mit meinem kostenlosen YouTube-Hack-Pack, wo ihr die besten Tools und Vorlagen bekommt, um auf YouTube zu wachsen, basierend auf all unseren Interviews. Denn ich sage euch, Linktree ist so viel mehr als nur ein Link-im-Bio-Tool. Es wird von über siebzig Millionen Menschen genutzt, von Promis, Podcastern und Creators in diesem Video bis hin zu vielen kleinen Unternehmen. Linktree hat so viele Funktionen, die monatliche Kosten sparen, wie ein Link-Kürzer oder ein Auto-DM-Tool für Instagram, und man kann sogar digitale Produkte verkaufen, um Geld zu verdienen. Zudem könnt ihr euer Linktree in Minuten an eure Marke anpassen. Linktrees Analysen zeigen euch, was Klicks und Traffic bringt. Das Beste: Linktree hat ein Spezialangebot für euch, wenn ihr meinen Link unten nutzt. Über 70 Millionen Leute nutzen Linktree nicht ohne Grund, egal in welcher Nische, und solche Deals sind selten. Also, schaut es euch an! Die ersten sechs, die den Boden berühren, fliegen raus! Du musst versuchen, deinen Gegner zu brechen und ihn fertigzumachen! Oh nein!!! Da ist der Erste raus! Die Schuhe machen es unmöglich! Rel, steh auf, Rel! Ich liebe diese Stange!! Oh nein! Was zur Hölle! Wir verlieren fast unseren WWE-Star! Neiiiiiiin!!! Warum hast du gesp- Oh nein! Das Spiel ist nun vorbei! Alles gut! Es ist die Fünfzehn! Ja, die Top-Fünfzehn! Und... Bewegt das mal hier rüber. Ist das alles -- echtes Essen? Alles davon? Es wird ein paar prominente Juroren geben, darunter... Paris Hilton. Okay, ich habe das Gefühl, das ganze Set wurde gerade zu Paris Hiltons Laufsteg. Guck mich nicht an. Man schaut es an und denkt: „Ein Koch...“ Ich kann eigentlich gut kochen. Ich denke, das ist es. Geht bitte in derselben Reihenfolge zurück auf eure Plätze. Wie macht ihr den Übergang? Das war ja eine wirklich enorme Umstellung und hat euch sicher viel Zeit gekostet. Wir stellen sie dann einfach in Quadrate, und dann machen wir das Licht aus. Das Licht geht dann runter und wieder hoch. Das wird ein sauberer Übergang, alle reagieren, wird cool. Licht aus! Das nächste Spiel... ist ein Kochwettbewerb!! Wie hast du das gemacht?! Das ist ja der Wahnsinn! Wer zog mich an? Unsere erste Jurorin! Ist eine globale Ikone... Paris Hilton!! Sie ist eine von drei Juroren für euer gekochtes Essen. Russ, wie hast du's dir vorgestellt? Das Ganze ist wie ein riesiges Event, weißt du? Wir werden nicht anhalten mit all den vielen Promis, also machen wir einfach immer weiter und weiter. Ich werde es euch sagen, wenn euer Essen nicht gut schmeckt! Wie viele YouTube-Videos drehst du mit Regieraum? Wahrscheinlich sechzig Prozent mittlerweile. Siebzig. Aber bei weniger Kameras sieht man noch, was jeder macht. Aber wenn man die Zwanzigermarke knackt. Da sind wir längst drüber. Es hat sich komplett verändert im Vergleich zu zweitausendachtzehn. Das kann ich dir sagen. Als die... Leute ihre Hand am Lamborghini ließen... Hand zuletzt weg. Deguss wollte das. Von... Venedig. Ja, ja, ja. Wir mussten tonnenweise Robo-Kameras an der Decke anbringen und dann Nahaufnahmen von jeder einzelnen Hand machen. Du darfst nichts verpassen. Wie viele Kameras sind heute am Set? Wir haben so vierzig Kameras. Was ist die teuerste Kamera, die du heute am Set hast? Das ist die Alexa zweihundertfünfundsechzig. Kosten fünfhunderttausend Dollar pro Stück... Beste Kameras der Welt. Marvel dreht damit. Man muss wer sein, um sie zu benutzen. Howie! Schrei mich nicht an! Oh je! Nein. Schlau! Gute Arbeit! Das ist wie mein Spickzettel. Schau dir all diese Bildschirme an. Da fängt man an zu schielen. Es ist wie eine Draufsicht auf jedes Set, wo jede Kamera steht. so kann ich runterschauen und sagen: „Guck mal... Oh, F-fünf filmt in diese Richtung“, damit ich weiß, wo die Bilder herkommen. Ricky, kannst du mir Nahaufnahmen von denen geben? Schön. Danke. Irgendwelche Detailaufnahmen von den Tellern, die wir kriegen können? Was ist das? Das ist unsere... Interpretation eines hawaiianischen Gerichts, bekannt als Pupu-Platte. Oh, die Pupu-Platte. Wir haben hier -- eine ganze Stunde Arbeit reingesteckt! Wir haben wirklich eine ganze Stunde harte Arbeit reingesteckt! Das war so schlecht, ich weiß nicht mal, ob Paris eine Zehn gibt. Und eins, zwei und drei. Zeigt's! Ja, ich gab ihm eine Eins. Null. Eins! Ich gab ihm eine Eins. Ich bin raus. Null? Paris! Warum eine Zehn? Öffnet das Portal! Das ist ein legendärer Ausraster von Howie. Das war das Beste! Bis später!! Beast Games. Das ist heiß! Wenn euch das dazu bringt, es anzuschauen, nehme ich das! Ich liebe es, wie er Leute aus der ganzen Welt dazu bringt, diese verrückten Stunts zu machen. Und die Tatsache, dass sie es auch noch für einen guten Zweck tun, finde ich einfach wunderschön! Genial. Macht's gut, Leute! Hier kommen gerade die Cubes. Sie rollen die Cubes rein... wie eine Armee, die sicherstellt, dass wir weitermachen. Genau wie die hunderten Crewmitglieder, die wir hinter den Kulissen von Beast Games Staffel zwei gesehen haben. Krass, das für ein YouTube-Video zu sehen. Nur ein einziger von euch allen kommt weiter in das große finale Spiel! Oh mein Gott, das ist ja der Wahnsinn! Geht in den Cube!!! In diesem Spiel geht es darum, ein rotes Telefon zu nehmen und das Team backstage anzurufen, um irgendetwas auf der Welt zu bestellen, um zu entscheiden, wie man jemanden eliminiert. Hier ein Vorgeschmack auf Beast Games. Beast Hotline, wie helfe ich? Machen wir Twister! Bringt jetzt sofort Twister her! Bist du der Drahtzieher hinter all den Anfragen, die hier reinkommen? Wie sollen sie denn hier bitte überhaupt irgendetwas anfordern können? Hier. Wir haben alles auf Lager. Ihr habt also viel Zeug gekauft, um vorbereitet zu sein. Wir haben dieses Spiel schon ein paar Mal gemacht, also haben wir alles besorgt, was man damals wollte. Wir bringen neue Sachen rein. Instrumente wie eine Kuhglocke und das Klavier da drüben. Riesen-Jenga. Wir haben heute Twister. Entschuldigung. Milton-Bradley-Spiel! Können wir Darts haben? Welpen... und Vier gewinnt. Und Airhockey. Twister und Dartspiel sind in der Pipeline. Welpen sind auch unterwegs. Wir haben Leute in Autos... die bei Starbucks oder Walmart warten. Wir versuchen, es schneller hierher zu bekommen. Verstanden. Hey, äh... Airhockey geht zu Nummer zwei. Steve-O kann sicher was Körperliches tun. Wie gut ist dein Wrestling? Ich habe dieses Wort noch nie gehört. Schlechte Nachrichten für dich! Fragen wir nach einem Clown, mal sehen, was passiert. Du hast die Anfragen sortiert. Und was ist Stufe zwei oder drei? Das sind die schwierigeren Sachen. Hey, Cooper! Wie gut bist du denn in... Oh ja, zeig ich dir! Jiu-Jitsu. Nein, nicht ich. Er! Der Orangensaft geht zu... Nummer drei. Vielen Dank, Herr. Das Nächste linker Fuß auf Rot. Oh, du hast die Zehn bekommen. Danke für's Kommen! Hat Spaß gemacht! Sicher. Du hast was gut bei mir. Melde dich. Kumpel, jederzeit! Warte, was war das? Twister. Ich bin so schlecht darin! Spät dran, schön dich zu sehen. Ja, dich auch, Alex! Einige dieser Jungs sind so beschäftigt, dass ich mich frage, ob sie sich selbst rauswerfen, weil sie ihren nächsten Flug kriegen müssen. Sie müssen zum nächsten Meeting. Es ist einfach eine andere Art von Stress als bei den Teilnehmern in Beast Games, die dreißig, vierzig Tage am Stück dabei sind. Wir haben uns für Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots entschieden. Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots. Kopf hoch, du gewinnst bestimmt. Alles klar, hier ist unser MMA. Schau dir den Kleinen an! Wo kommen diese Welpen plötzlich her? Guck ihn dir an! mein... Gott! Du musst den Hund jetzt direkt zum Gewinner laufen lassen. So entscheiden wir das jetzt. Ja!!! Er ging mit beiden Fäusten rein. Mutig! Das ist mir völlig egal, weil du so... verdammt süß bist. Vielleicht brauchst du einen weiteren... Teamkollegen. Oh mein Gott, ist das wahr! Meine Güte! Wenn ihr mich zurückwählen würdet, dann äh... bin ich bereit, Baby. Ihr rettet doch Sünder, oder? Ladet mich ein! Was zur Hölle?! Ich muss wieder rein, Coach. Er lief hundert Meter gegen mich und meinte: „Wenn ich dich schlage, sag Jimmy, er soll mich zurücklassen.“ Wenn ich das hier schaffe, dann bin ich wieder voll im Spiel. Ich habe nicht die nötige Macht, um diesen Deal abzuschließen. Los! Zum Hütchen. Wie kam er an ein Wärter-Outfit? Er hat seine Wege, Bro. Nein, du hattest damit was zu tun. Nein, ich niemals. Bis bald! Ich komme bestimmt wieder! Mein gütiger Gott! Du Süße! Schau sie dir an. Oh, sie hat gepinkelt! Oh, da ist eine Pfütze in Gang drei. Millionen-Boden. Nicht! Du hast auf Jimmys Set gepinkelt! Komm her, Süße. Oh, sie hat ein bisschen gepinkelt. Sie hat Angst. Alles gut. -- Kampf! Es ist nicht, es... Das ging ja jetzt wirklich absolut ruckzuck! Schnapp dir deine Hühner und deine Tasche. Wo um alles in der Welt kommst du denn her? Woher? Fantasy Island? Hat jemand... das rote Telefon benutzt, um einen Clown zu rufen? Ist das passiert? Das müssen sie wohl. Du hast hier nichts zu suchen. In unter dreißig Minuten war ich da. Ich hatte nicht erwartet, dass da noch ein Clown drin ist. War da einer? Steve-O. Oh mein Gott, das ist ja unglaublich! Es ist die fünfzehnte, sechzehnte Stunde. Wir sind endlich bei den letzten drei. Direkt vor euch stehen drei Koffer. In einem einzigen davon ist eine Million Dollar drin. -- Die anderen beiden sind jedoch komplett leer. Ein Koffer wird eine Million Dollar in bar, also in Form von Geldscheinen, enthalten, und die anderen beiden werden lediglich das hier haben... damit ihr den Unterschied beim Fühlen oder Bewegen nicht bemerkt. Können wir den hier öffnen? Wir fangen mit Audrey an, weil sie zuerst aus den Cubes kam. Gravy ist als Nächster dran. Und er hat die Wahl... Er kann dich fragen, was er will... und deinen Koffer stehlen... oder einen der anderen beiden wählen. Wand runter! Drei ist eine magische Zahl. Er spricht zu dir? Nur du weißt, was drin ist. Und oh, guck mal, da ist eine GoPro. Cool. So bekommt ihr meine... Reaktion, egal ob ich die Million habe oder blöffe. Wand schließen! Hat dir der Kofferinhalt gefallen? War er schwer? Sehr schwer. Lass uns mal nachforschen. Was ist los? Warum starrst du denn so auf dieses Gerüst? Worauf sind die Kameras gerichtet? Glaubst du, das ist unsere erste Show? Wir sind nicht so dumm, die Kameras nur auf den Gewinnerkoffer zu richten. Wand auf! Mein erster Instinkt -- ich bleibe dabei. Ich nehme ihren. Du bleibst dabei? Ich bleibe dabei! Heißt, der hier ist deiner. Sie öffnen jetzt in diesem Moment die Koffer. Wir werden gleich sehen, wer nach all der langen Zeit gewinnt. Öffnet eure Koffer!!! Er hat's geschafft!!! Er hat's geschafft! Er hat es getan!! Er hat ihn gestohlen! Gestohlen!! Bevor das Konfetti weg ist, sag: 'Steve-O, eine Million für dich. Ich muss los, fünf Millionen warten.' Los! Glückwunsch, Steve-O! Du hast gerade eine Million für den guten Zweck gewonnen! Ich muss jetzt los, um fünf Millionen zu verschenken. Wir sehen uns dort! Eine Million Dollar zu verschenken, um eine Show zu bewerben, in der Jimmy fünf Millionen verschenkt, ist verrückt. Ich freue mich riesig, anzukündigen, dass wir hinter die Kulissen von Beast Games Staffel zwei gegangen sind und eine siebenteilige Dokuserie gemacht haben, die auf Prime Video und dem MrBeast Zwei-Kanal läuft, zusammen mit Extended Cuts hier auf meinem Kanal. Also abonniert, damit ihr es nicht verpasst. Hier ist ein Blick auf den Trailer unserer Dokuserie: Making-of von Beast Games. Wir zeigen euch jetzt den Blick hinter die Kulissen der zweiten Staffel von Beast Games! Wir haben riesige Sets gebaut, dutzende Weltrekorde gebrochen, Millionen verschenkt. Viele fragten sich: „Wie haben wir das geschafft?“ Für die nächsten fünfundvierzig Tage gebe ich Jon Youshaei exklusiven Zugang zu allem... jedem Beweis, jedem Set, allen zehn Episoden, allen zweihundert Teilnehmern, all meinen Mitarbeitern, während wir um die Welt reisen! Und die Dinge... werden jetzt wirklich persönlich! Macht dir das immer noch Spaß? Wir sitzen in der Klemme. Sechs Monate Vorbereitung, und eintausendeinhundert Crewmitglieder waren dabei. Was schiefgehen kann, wird schiefgehen. Der Regen kam und hat unser Set zerstört. Beast Games! Willkommen bei Survival! Dieser kleine Moment, genau darum geht es bei Beast Games. Ach du meine Güte! Die erste Folge wird der absolute Hammer!! Diesen Zugang bekommt sonst keiner. Ich hab ein bisschen Angst. Glückwunsch, Tyler! Das war großartig! Super! Das hast du gut gemacht! Danke sehr. Dafür, dass du ihn einfach gestohlen hast... Du wusstest es nicht, aber es war... verrückt.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChistangelEspinal [1 likes]: Este video me gusta cada día le doy 10/20
  2. @NolanRyan992: Whats a jackass? who's SteveO?
  3. @Orgasnik: im so happy for Steve-O
  4. @zill4_: Jimmy has grown exponentially in past couple years. Its not like the same studio, each year he just destroys. Mad respect dude, there is no rest.
  5. @ivikpetersen1711: Where is my boy Kevin? proceeds to tower him like he's an child xD
  6. @loganrobinson267: Jimmy getting mad about the dog peeing is my first bat point for him just saying don’t keep that crap up man
  7. @miichester: they act like toddlers lmao
  8. @MariaLuna-r1t: 😮😮😮😮😮
  9. @FarmanPasha-b8x5n: Mr Beast Peles Mujhe bhe buhla lo kishe game ke liye Peles Mr Beast 8192071416
  10. @FarmanPasha-b8x5n: Mr Beast Peles Mujhe bhe buhla lo kishe game ke liye Peles Mr Beast 8192071416
  11. @FarmanPasha-b8x5n: Mr Beast Peles Mujhe bhe buhla lo kishe game ke liye Peles Mr Beast 8192071416
  12. @FarmanPasha-b8x5n: Mr Beast Peles Mujhe bhe buhla lo kishe game ke liye Peles Mr Beast 8192071416
  13. @168KDW: is that Paris ??? 😃 🥐
  14. @urbanstrencan: Another great behind the scenes ;)
Celeb at the BEAST
  15. @sujonsarker-i2w: Hi Aapke video Nivin Dada 🙏🇧🇩🙏
  16. @Humor-ku77: ❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  17. @luciablanco9928: Las voces en español son horribles, no soporte ver 2 minutos del vídeo con esos audios
  18. @juanjoselondono6943: mrbeast
  19. @HippoBearsRecipeKingdom: Survivor cross over is a brilliant idea, guess Jeff will work till 100
  20. @madametj: 13:05 in the background was that a Color Cube by Sarah Renae Clark?! 😦😱

- Inside MrBeasts $100 Million Dollar Show Beast Games: Kind: captions Language: en 87214 872 124 738 654 570 perfect nervous excited ready to get this thing of show on the road is Jimmy ready be ready they're still in security and everybody in this quick what are we doing there's a lot of bottlenecks can I get a moment czy 5 Seconds 4 3 2 1 that was an epic shot ma cool he's Captain all right Jim good luck dude thank you all right Jim get ready and go I am so excited for this oh my God come on out this is going to blow your mind but no one's ever done a thousand competitors before the biggest show ever made in unscripted television the most insane [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off I don't know how you beat this nothing can go wrong everything needs to go right um it might be controversial but are you okay with all the Articles and stuff that was coming out well um we have two worlds that are sort of colliding the base team that are very familiar with changing things on the Fly we thing of too about entertaining people we are a much bigger large machine can a crossover Ur I guess we should probably do an intro for your video at some point too mhm where I'm like I'm sitting on $5 million of real money on one of the largest sets ever built and I'm going to give calling into some mirror unfiltered access to show you how we brought this to life all right let's go yeah have fun let me know what you find I went auto focus on I'm not sure take this all right we just got to Toronto and we are about to head to the set of Beast games now we've been talking to Jimmy about this ever since he announced it on our show back in like February or March of this year we were doing a a streaming show and uh yeah we're doing one with prime this is like one of the most historic moments in the Creator economy the fact that a YouTuber a kid who started making videos in his room just into his webcam has now been given a massive budget to make one of the largest reality competition shows ever in the past creators and and traditional media have tried things but it's never really worked if this flops then people are going to be like yeah YouTubers aren't capable of you know making on streaming platforms and people are going to go if Jimmy couldn't make a hit show what makes you think you can since then they actually started production on episode zero which is going to go on his YouTube channel and that production was met with a lot of controversy Mr Beast is being sued by contestants on his new reality competition five of those contestants claiming the show didn't provide Fair wages or even bare minimum legal working conditions so the mix of all the controversy that was in the headlines mixed in with this historical moment for the Creator economy we were like we just absolutely cannot miss this production so it's going to be myself Samir and David from our team we're going to be running around documenting all the behind the scenes of the next 4 days with Mr Beast at Beast games you no so I'm uh one of the executive assistants you guys been able to keep this kind of Under Wraps and or do people know people know especially in the industry like everybody knows what this is and the public is slowly starting to find out got it Jimmy's just up in the Beast office I think just talking to Tyler right now okay yeah I think we're trying to go thanks buddy to that yeah where we're head camera and he's part of their team oh come on in Pap a Squad Squad so after tower build and we eliminate x amount of people we we're at 600 total we're getting the whole game is to get down to 500 when 500 gets down the big doors open and they all leave right so you're basically bribing people to eliminate other people so you're just like some guy five rows over you've never talked to just randomly says you're out now you feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you're just like oh should have took the million bucks I just want whoever wins people to be like they earned it not like you know I do think there's a social element to it like you have to convince somebody dude I got your back as long as we make villains in this part I'm happy with it so I I'll look at it again I'm not too worried about that yeah something skill-based would make yeah but I also want it to be something that literally brings a person to the front and they do something that's very villain esque that's what I want which I I like the idea I know what you're going for that's why I'm not worried about it I well just mark it down and we'll we'll go to town can we go look at the platform set I want to show them it yeah there let's do it let gra bring some pizza kind of surprised that they don't know what some of the challenges are going to be yet it's like 3 days until they film the first episode was it surprising to you yeah yeah all right right dude now we're in it Jim we're in it to what might be the most expensive set in television history look at how long that is it's longer than a football field now come to this hanger over here check that out this set is bigger than Wipeout American Ninja Warrior and a couple other shows they work on combined a th000 platforms each with its own GoPro its own tablet 1,000 people oh my God these like you could actually fall through this yeah this is a trapo it'll open up you'll fall like 8 10 ft it's pretty scary I mean it's very safe we have a huge safety team but yeah scary oh here's open one oh wow yeah I'd love to do try that you want to jump in I don't know how to get out I would know how you get out maybe tomorrow you want to go on E yeah now it really puts in perspective how insane this is like just point the camera down that row that's crazy bro what it's like with the wiring and everything and labor and setup is only like 1500 bucks but you times it by 1,000 now it's 1.5 million I just don't understand how big all of this is and there's always another room that's just as big as the room you just came out [Music] of how important are Tyler and like kitner and and whoever else everything I mean without them this wouldn't be possible like they're they're just amazing none of this was here a month ago we just sprung this up out of nothing so episode 2 is going to be on those towers and then we have housing here for 500 contestants so you guys brought in these Palm Trees Too everything was that your creative Choice palm trees I mean doesn't it look cool it does look cool yeah but there'll be 50 people per house so they'll be able to get to know each other codery that kind of stuff at night and then as they get eliminated we'll take beds out they'll have more space but it'll be a really cool shot the first night all right prepare for the journey oh my gosh yeah we still got more floors isn't she beautiful you ever think you'd have a set this big heck no it's wild are you willing to die for Mr Beast that is the question that many are now asking including major Outlets like the New York Times as his Beast game show is getting hit with controversy after controversy from seemingly every direction he did try to do what he can I do feel people are painting it that he did dislike maliciously Mr Beast team you know they are denying these allegations I don't know I got to figure out what we're doing so many people just think I don't know do you think I'm evil no I don't think you're evil I think you're uh I think you're different but I don't think you're evil I think you're most one of the more unique humans I've ever met but I don't think you're evil I got one first Saturday August 17th now enters the history books the wetest day ever for the Toronto area since records began in the 1840s you have to keep all these people away from this that's the whole point right is that your station here okay so no one's walking through no one's walking through this where carpet back away thank you oh my god team right now is just reacting to the leaks that are happening from the ceiling as you can see there's one right here on the set it's supposed to rain for the next couple days so I imagine this is going to be a consistent problem all right I think Jimmy is on his way to set right now see if we can catch up with him balance oh Jason call around yeah sure welcome to the camera rooms these are Alexa mini lfs it's going to make Jimmy look really pretty oh that's pretty good quality the Alexa is like the dream camera right it's the Rolls-Royce of cameras and we have 43 of them here and which is unheard of when I walked into our camera room it was pretty surreal I actually had a moment I was like all right this is crazy no one's ever done this before if he had his way every YouTube video would be filmed on a camera like that 100% so why why is it it just looks too high quality I kind of want things to feel a little more amateur on her Channel but I mean maybe after the show my mind changes we'll see have you guys ever worked on a camera Department this big this is the largest one it's a monster besides the Super Bowl I don't know what this is kind of in that territory so we're 2 days out from filming this episode and we just met the art director and she's painting the boxing like they are still in progress right now you guys guarding the money yeah yes we are is it is it real money yes oh this is real money yeah yeah yeah who are you guys can I pick one up um this is real money this is $1,000 that's what $1,000 looks like so what happens like let's just say somebody runs up like Colin runs up grabs that starts running what do you what happens next well we won't get very far and uh we'll get the money back from in here makes sense yeah is this like nerve-wracking at all I don't know David reason he should be nervous should he be nervous yeah should he be nervous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 so right here that's $10,000 so are there a th000 stacks of ,000 what would that equal all of these hangers that you can see right here that we're driving by are part of the set holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is a this is insane yeah they are building all the parts of the set in here wow look at all those tools this is a YouTube set I know these are all different props bunch of red balls what is a Mr Beast video without e this ooh what's in there this is a whole other set wow wow whoa the scale of this is completely insane each hanger has like a different crew that's building and a different person from the art department is managing each set built I wouldn't want to be in charge of building all I suppose I just wanted to to get my head a bit around like your process and what I how how I can fit into that and what how I can set things up so that you can walk in right the happiest that you can be I I guess like the the easiest way to describe it is I'm like Jimmy I'm the closest thing to like what what he's thinking so my goal is when I get on set I try to like handle all the little problems that I think he would solve before he comes on set cuz in his mind he's like a director in his own way so he goes I want the shop to look like this and I want it to feel like this we talk about feelings all the time um and so skill-wise I'm not sure how to get the feeling I want to get like a lot of this camera stuff I'm just not skilled at this like this is my biggest insecurity it's the thing when we talked about doing a show the thing I kept telling him was I don't know how to film it the way I'm supposed to film it I I just don't know how to do that that's fine cuz I've got that great that's what I need your help with so even with Jimmy I need your help with that stuff cuz that's that's where that's where we're going to run into the only issue I see everything else it's like it's going to be the best show ever like that's not a problem the virality is there I know people are going to love it I know how to build hype to it I know that stuff that's like that's like our bread and butter but how to capture it all right so up here it's like offices just like any other office but there's so many people here working on so many different things I don't know if I'm supposed to be whispering or not but it has that Vibe I can also I me yeah that works right um listen at the moment one of the hardest things is working in what is the Beast way which is treating everything like a live event just this week we had 800 people on set just on one particular day um so any change that comes at any point of the production all of the information needs to get through to all 800 people we want Jimmy and his entire team to be able to do everything that they normally do just on a scale this big it's fascinating to watch these two worlds kind of collide there's so many different things happening here on this set this is like the biggest production the Mr Beast team will ever do but at the same time they're still uploading YouTube videos so while all of this is happening they just uploaded this video you don't get all of this without that how you doing man lovely video I think it's a 6 out of 10 it's doing fine I mean it's a 7 Days video people have seen it so the usual on the spectrum of YouTube to traditional television are we going to be here are we going to be here are we going to be here you don't really well like season 2 will be so much easier but right now since we've never done it before we kind of have to leave the door open and editing it's definitely going to be even somewhere to the right of our normal videos it's just how far towards traditional so the power has gone out in the hangers due to the storm production has been stopped for safety storm is causing some problems definitely causing some problems all right it is Sunday what day is it good morning 24 hours wo whoa whoa whoa wo lot of bees L be this morning today we are 24 hours from the start of filming from actually pressing record on episode 1 today it's like final meetings final touches and the good news is the rain stopped 1,000 contest since they're in here and they're shooting like they're shooting whatever is captured on camera that's it Shooter's going to shoot I wonder what the Vib is going to be like today you have to imagine probably a little tense yeah I think it's going to ramp up day before the biggest shoot in television history you also have rival Crews right now in terms of creative saying rival Crews like it's Westside Story it's like they're they're all part of the same crew it's not I don't think it's like Westside Story no it is pleas to meet you man told that I'm your lookalike you guys look I've actually watched all Y videos really big apprciate that thank you guys do look Alik I said Colin of Colin and samant are coming up to me and they're like you know there's a guy that looks like what's the vibe been like at the hotel like what are you guys doing in your so we have a lot of free time uh some people are watching like the old Mr Beast videos just to see maybe what's going to happen in the next challenges whole lot of studying whole lot of cardio gym work I'm swimming I'm holding my breath under water I I don't know what to expect I have no idea but I know this is going to be awesome um which room are they if we do five at a time it's going to take you like six hours so let's not do five at a time we can do 10 at a time yeah if you want to bring in 10 I just want to say hi to some of them yeah yeah I mean they're really cool okay come on in how's it going hey everybody how's it going hey you guys want to have a see here I just wanted to say hi to everyone are you ready for everything to start oh I'm super excited this is going to be crazy those packets it seems CRA well I the standards in practice team would kill me if I revealed anything like be so vag yeah not vague I just can't even say anything cuz then if somehow I said something and you won I would get sued so quick I have a question um it might be controversal well are you okay with all the Articles and stuff that was coming out she was lying but I was just asking like are you okay well um obviously there was a lot of things not true like they're saying they're broken bones they're saying we're paying people hush money I mean what did you think about the articles I mean I thought it first off we not supped to say nothing no way and two I just thought was I just thought it was really ridiculous it was disappointing for sure cuz we knew that that wasn't the case it seems like you know look people want to make a stink but of course so they don't want to interview the people that had a good experience more people that left that still had a good experience would speak out it would feel a little more balance but it was also one of those things where like we're not allowed to S cuz I saw can't have nothing nice cuz people mess it up for I live in Vegas so I literally was seeing every there was so many people talking about it and everything and it was like I wanted to say so much but I'm like we were ready to defend you bro like come on you had a good experience yeah I did I hly had I had a great experience I lost 10B on your just know we got your back man we got you take care I'll see you guys around they hit it on the head everyone signed indas the people who had a good experience don't want to break their NDA go with that yeah it good let's do another round so I'd have to do that 100 times to talk to every that's really not that bad I mean it's a lot math equation Jimmy how's it going he welcome back such a big thank you hey just wanted to say hi I just wanted to say hi I just wanted to say hi I just wanted to say hi I just wanted to say hi to everyone before we film tomorrow we don't know what the hell you about to put us there we're expecting to have some fun it's a game right there's going to be people that win and people that lose statistically you're losing I can say the thing we're filming tomorrow will blow your mind will it be fair for everybody every single time someone's eliminated a third party has to review it I'm not saying anything or giving any hints to anyone it's been a lot better since than Vegas like so much better yeah I mean obviously not Everything went perfect in Vegas which obviously is unacceptable so no more cold oatmeal right no well actually I don't know we can hug too thanks for coming out I'm awkward thank you for coming you like hugging or do you just feel I prefer a handshake that's easier but don't worry yeah take care everybody 200 down 800 more contestants to talk to uh not all the contestants are staying at the same Hotel so I'm going to some of the other hotels I've so far met with 200 contestants I'm going to go meet with the the other 800 damn that was only 200 yeah thank you this is Jimmy on the money this is the set camera will fly probably like this direction I'm going to scream here I'm I'm going to get you hype all right ready it's going to be like this volume all right all right welcome to the first episode of the Beast games and the camera flies out and then the set turns on and then the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cubes go like it turns on that should be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] SI walking into this giant room are 1,000 contestants and by the end of this show one of them will win this $5 million cash prize and of course we've designed some of the most psychological emotional death defying challenges of any show ever now what do we describe the challenges as that's not too far I don't know where this line is the the challenges you're going to have to endure are extreme physical psychological most of the cool words aren't taken which in the third word extreme emotional excruciating is not crazy excruciating excruciating challenges we have two we have three E I mean that's a triple E alliteration I guess D I wish I could just say this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just so sick over the next in my mind the camera is here shooting a little bit down we'll call it sky cam or drone there was some guy that said something about keep in mind everybody there are no drones on this intro I heard some guy some showrunner saying that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's probably because we're they're assuming we're using the sky cam and it's saying that we can't use drones if we just say we're not using the sky cam we can use drones so my question is how many times you want them walking down the pillars and then coming back up yo you know who we need until we get it right there probably going to be two to three fies we'll call them fies do you want to do you want to get uh Kate in here I want to just practice the shot I don't want to just sit in the office to talk about it but we can do it if you want well I mean we can go practice the shot but in order to get any leeway with these people we need Kate yeah let's get Kate and then let's go literally grab a drone and go practice the shot it's our first over rehearsals and I just I have a briefing to do with 43 handheld cameras and eight Robo operators and just need to get the information out to everybody so it's it's it's a day of imparting information and then letting everybody get used to their roles and added to that there's a storm coming good times it's going to be great have you directed something like this before nobody has directed something like this before this is a thousand people nobody's there hasn't been a reality show with a thousand contestants before so so a little bit of pressure what's the the worst thing that could happen no don't even go that I'm not answering that but now I'm going to get out of the car let's go how different is like the writing and The Bling you guys are doing to like a normal video you'll see a difference like the YouTube video is going to feel more like a YouTube video but the whole point is the back end of the YouTube video it should feel more like a show um like it should start to feel a little bit different it should slow down a little bit you should almost get like a taste of what you would expect here cuz I think the only thing people will think is that we're not professional enough to do the same caliber as a show and so I want to show that on YouTube I have a those people tell them Ma can we tell you something traditional media we know a thing or two about entertaining people we're actually the best in the world we get a Super Bowl audience every time we make a YouTube video we know everything hey we're going to cut all that cut all that oh put make that the intro that's actually the thing that should put out there I I think that these these uh TV people know how to do really well is make really big sets and they understand how to film with the with the like extreme um I don't know like professionalism I guess is a good way to say I'll say structure they yeah they're very good at that we pivot like crazy so we're like almost teaching them hey like good content can happen right in front of your face don't be afraid to change it at the moment you know that's kind of I think what I'm trying to show this room is probably the most experienced show crew ever assembled that's the truth you want to walk over there and talk to him yeah I think Ma's going to come over there and talk to him you guys know we tonight know that so we can't do this all mo yeah we might be we might as well do a practice though yeah for sure that we're on the same page do you want to you got head I got nothing I probably only need to talk to you right you you you're like the sneak yeah you know how you know how to do everything I'm like a I don't know how to do this you're the director on the T and I'm just going tocome to TV welcome back all right I got it yep yep I'm going to go and if we put a million dollar if we put a million dollar cash on the stage we're not going to have room for all of the people can I get a moment yeah than just got kicked out of the control room because the directors wanted to chat after Mac came in and asked them about the shot that they were trying to plan so that's a first we have not been asked to leave any rooms so must be getting a little bit tense if they're asking us to leave yeah how do you feel about like shooting this show and and being on set with this crew that's kind of like a different crew oh yeah it's well asked me that after the first day of filming I haven't technically shot with him yet are you going to introduce yourself like are you are you under the assumption there's going to be people who' have never seen your YouTube videos yeah quite a few people watching this will have never seen our videos but I don't know if like going I'm Mr Beast 300 million sub like who cares just get into it so right now Mac is rehearsing the opening line uh that he was just workshopping with Jimmy in front of the money pile with the cameras so what they're working on right now will be the opening shot of these games if you are somehow the last one remaining you will win this 5 million the largest grand prize in entertainment his largest why real money is this real I think this is fake oh there was real money maybe that's is it is this real or fake money There's real money in there not sure which ones cuz I have like a SWAT team they're watching everything how much of it's real that's I think the these Stacks are all real right cuz it doesn't say it's got United States of America yeah so these are all real this yeah you can tell the difference between the color the fluffed up money is the fake but then the stacks are real gotcha is it so they did 5 million of real money and then they fluffed it up with fake money gotcha so there is five that's what I I remember hearing yeah so there's $5 million of real money sitting on this pyramid right here so your your starts off you start off facing this way you're on top of the money I am standing on $5 million of real cash in competing for this I just don't like that we use cuz what most people are going to see is this and they're going to say oh that says motion picture and they're going to think this is fake even though we have 5 million in real cash there and so that kind of I don't know this makes me we should sub out this motion like right Sam shouldn't this just be real money like why half and half it if this is real money then I'm just worried like someone's going to you really well I'm just like if someone punched in on your shot and goes that's his motion picture and then I got to go yeah but the pyramid was 5 million and then we it's just you know I don't know maybe I'm overthinking it but I don't think it would be too crazy just Swap this out we should I mean we still have till tomorrow it's just something I I'm going to bring up to Tyler okay so hit me from the top again this is the largest Grand I standing on $5 million the largest grand prize in entertainment history isn't it crazy that this is the largest grand prize in entertainment history yeah how yes how is how is the YouTube channel the one doing that what is the normal budget for shows is it this high no and it's our first one I I am standing on $5 million of real cash the largest grand prize in entertainment history what millimeter are you on right now you're on like 24 something it's like a 22 full but it's on 4.6 would it be do you think it would look bad to like like during the heat of that orbit like cranking it to like a 50 or a 60 is that like goes to a 60 should we try that yeah let's try it and competing for this $5 million is$ 1,000 and that's when the lights turn on contestants o so we want to be all the all the way around by then of course and Kate I'm looking at potentially Blowing by The Far Side circling around him finding the people and shooting up towards the stage okay okay T like hell yeah go all right everyone ready Milli real money the largest Grand entertainment history this $5 million are these 1,000 contestants this show is going to blow your mind that's perfect kind of weird fine on that all right everyone did Perfect all right that literally perfect Jim be careful with I I wouldn't do the police officer line in my opinion can we Tyler can do you think it' be crazy to obviously this is real but this is fake but this is what people are going to see and I'm worried they're going to think the money is fake and we keep saying it's we should have $2.5 million coming tomorrow okay yeah if we could just cover this up with real money it also put money in the ground here like we're supposed to we need to make this look like crazy system off yeah so if you could trap doors are depressurized they are not safe to walk on cuz I don't want someone to be like Jimmy lied it's not real money cuz this is motion picture yeah cool I'll do my best okay I have no idea how much do you think the intro matters in this context versus on YouTube well there's basically the the we're as the show progresses throughout the season how YouTube it is will decrease and how TV it is will increase and right now we're still going to be at the the most YouTube it will ever be for the rest of the series I think every single every single intro you see us do will be less YouTube as the show progresses that's my theory as of now dude I have this freaking headset I'm like talking to 20 people at once it's crazy yo yo yo yo yo yo yo is that weird is it no yeah cuz the director's in there and she's talking to 40 people and she simplifies it down to like five for me and then she says go then I tell Jimmy go and then I'm looking at the camera dude it's crazy does it make you want to like direct more type of stuff yeah dude my end goal is to direct movies really yeah that's my that's my whole end goal so we're going to get there someday I'm just I'm just saying hi to everyone sorry for keeping you up so late but want to see how everyone's doing how you guys feeling these guys are also they're just filing details they're following me around but just so I don't know you guys had any questions or anything you want to talk about so there's been a lot of controversial press but do you think that actually helped for the popularity of the show cuz now every you're getting right I mean people know the shows the thing that's for sure you guys can go get your sleep uh breakfast is at 6:00 a.m. now be in the lobby ready to rock and roll by 7:15 I'm wearing pajamas woo oh my God I just watch your podcast today is shoot day there's 1,000 people in there today there's not going to be a th000 people tomorrow They Se 6 months of planning coming down to today day one been saying it all you guys are so cool but in the gam this game 69 feeling F winning all my mind right here right now I got the belt dress for the job you want I just want to say hi to him no I can't legally hands up please awesome awesome and now it is time to Welcome to the stage your friend and mine [Applause] cliter guys all right here we are you guys remember from Vegas remember when we had this little connection right I got good news one of you will win five million yeah uh I'm also going to give you this secret right now to if you're if you're focused on being in the content here uh and I know some of you are some of you are going to be really focused on winning that 5 mil we want both we want everything right but if you do want to be conscious do one thing just be yourselves truly truly be yourselves you heard me say it the first round uh we catch that stuff it is so cringe when you try to be a character that makes it to another Beast video and just be yourselves if you have a camera in front of you that's okay that's a real camera in front of you everything we do is real so uh you know you'll see as you go through even today everybody will have an individual camera on them a th cameras that we have yeah so play it up talk to the camera it's really there that is your camera uh that's just the tip of the iceberg here guys we have put together one of the most amazing experiences you guys will ever let me suck it in I girl [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right back you know big it's just day one of the biggest show in history ow ow I think I pulled a muscle my back I'm having them give me a muscle relaxer do you want the U before we film I don't I don't know how how's that going to affect your energy what the how's it going to affect your energy uh I don't well bro I can't even move right now my back is fre freaking horrible we've done zero things how do this happen I don't know don't know right now oh I mean I'm sorry man how you want me to massage you that oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is the this is the rising action conflict in Colin sme's video people are going to think this is staged and I've been a drama queen I've literally never had this happen before story producers are responsible for threading together The Narrative of everything that happens during an episode we're like the CIA we're listening in on every conversation if they're just just talking about the weather well then we'll move on but if they're starting to talk about their story or what their strategy is we can dive in there and make it part of the story and then we've mapped out like where they are on our quadrant so green is like something unique about them reds are alphas yellows are some family connections and basically each time anything happens we can tag things whether maybe somebody accepts a bribe or there's a big emotional moment so all those things get tagged over here and then post- production is able to find that content to edit it together yeah I guess that's what I P holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just try to take a deep breath in someone come to Stage Jimmy's just having some uh back pain someone can come talk to him it's one of our Medics how's it going it's my left FL right here yeah it's like killing me I don't want maybe give you a muscle relaxing before you start shooting cuz you might feel a bit drowsy oh boy okay the state I'm in I can't film I can't even move without grunting what I can do is I can put like vter engine on it and that's like an analgesic as well okay and that will kind of like not make you drowsy right anything to I just don't want to feel my left L I am standing on $5 million the largest pass prize in the history of entertainment and competing for it are these 1,000 contestants they're C to start that lighting pattern which works really well is when you say 1,000 so just have like the highest energy ever like like you're announcing and competing for it are 1,000 contestants and competing for it 1,000 contestants okay and then no 1,000 all right I want to show you this real quick that's completely yeah I already noticed and I could do anything I did all I could but here's what I will say we had 100 briefcases at the front and it would look dumb so instead now we actually got a million more I think that that money's real I just can't put it in this one cuz we uh merge the two uh if you merge the two bills apparently it's like hundreds of thousands of dollars of Labor to unmerge them oh gotcha yeah all right let's do it let's just start filming agreed here contestants are almost here I think so those are 21 buses full of a th000 contestants it'll take an hour and a half just to get them onto the podium to get everyone fed to get them a bathroom break all that's going to take like another 2 hours so it's probably like 3:00 or 4 p.m. right now and I know they're trying to shoot this opening challenge tonight it might be a long night 1,000 cameras 1,000 contestants shut up this is the winner bus here of us so today we're going to serve 3,000 meals vegan we got vegetarian we've got gluten-free we've got gluten-free vegetarian we've got gluten-free vegan we've got koser we got hello and one gentleman who doesn't like garlic because we're going to be actually in the room where they're shooting the show we have to wear all these all black outfits so that we blend in with the rest of the guards and these are definitely going to be too big for me you got the shirt in there too right yep okay cool a oh so I take this off and then you guys will actually do it right now oh my God yeah yeah wow I should have brought suits nice you're laughing at me like like a ninja yeah it's got the show's got ninja VI show has why does the show have Ninja V the show is Ninja V all right the contestants are finally getting off the bus and it looks like they're going into set they're getting security checked making sure there's nothing in their pockets they're just in after that they're in the show they literally line up they get on all the podiums and then it's showtime how's the back D horrible really yeah oh well to I didn't say Callin can compete hey see you guys in minut this is easy we got this time to take over TV good luck man all right we're not taking over TV yet I'm going to go in the right hanger and then we'll take take over to 872 124 872 we have just been told that there are now 40 people that are going to get miked up for this first shot say I'm nervous for the challenge if it's Heights I'm going to be a little scared I got a family to feed I got a girlfriend to marry my brother's getting married during this and I'm here I don't want to be like 90 years old thinking like damn I never did that reality TV show I thought it was going to be a Fabulous Adventure and it has been I need this $5 million me my mom my grandma my brother everybody Disney World first buying my brother a wedding present buy my dad a house pay off my student debt pay off Trevor's mom's mortgage I'm committed I'm determined I'm Ready for War I think I will win and I have really good luck I need some luck in life I did 100 page critical analysis I didn't make it this far just to go home I know that I'm here for a reason I've got a team of Avengers there's 30 of us we're loyal frankly no one's as good as a team as we are and I think that qualifies me to potentially win all right man good luck go Avengers this is stage left this is stage right they only seem to be on this left side Kate I only got contestants on the left side where is uh the rest of the contestants I'm sorry I'm sorry was that they're still in security for the love of God right there yeah 989 989 far left side over here 905 let's go what are we doing there's a lot of bottlenecks I'm trying to so there's a bottleneck there do you still want this cuz this is happen no no no I don't yeah I know this is still another bottleneck right here they're just not moving people in cuz they're waiting on one have someone in her guard outfit stand in line with them as if they're that person and they go get traded in yeah all right yeah do that okay I'll do that you do this what am I doing just tell stop it yeah you got this I'll see you at the end right final final six final five final four let's do it send them in and get them on the platforms and keep themy ready to que ready to que attention to all guards all guards when the light comes on to all contestants as well lights come on you can start walking okay so 80s in it together oh yeah we got this we are chilling I'm hoping this isn't a trap door and 3 2 1 send them send them send them yes come on my God welcome to Beast games be careful ring amazing oh my gosh what a crazy shot it's crazy so many people so many freaking people love the podcast you say that hell yeah like what are the odds that I'm here to be honest with you I've been waiting my whole life for this I'm thinking we're dropping into water or something are we falling into like foam or piranhas I'm kind of sketched out the anticipation is killing me we're psyching each other up they're psyching others out waiting around for this challenge to begin in hopes that they can develop some kind of advantage and listen into 543 I think she's like flirting with him to like get him on his side that's what happens on Beast games y flirt gone wrong we got everyone in finally and they're happy and make a great yeah all thousand of them so success I'm very tired and we haven't even started do you see what he does to me this is in front of a thousand people you're going to dwindle the 1,000 you down to a single winner of that $5 billion are you ready what' you think of that Sam here good we are rolling and set on all cameras coming to lights up on Derby standby coming to lights up on Jimmy in 5 seconds 4 One go I am standing on $5 million in cash history and competing for this $5 million are these 1,000 contesto million that yeah that's incredible nothing wrong with that and through these insane emotional and psychological challenges we will dwindle the thousand of you down to one winner of this $5 million all right are you guys ready to begin that was clean everything about that was like crazy like I don't think we realize like just how special what we just filmed was like that's never happened ever nothing even close I don't even know how we pulled it off I mean today was a really crazy day and it was it was quite literally a historic day in entertainment by the time you're watching this one of the 1,000 people that was here tonight has won $5 million I like how Colin saying that like like he's hosting we don't know who won $5 million we also don't know if this show is a success we don't know how people are reacting to this show but all I can say is after seeing one day of this production and all the days leading up to it that was pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cool I am pulling for this group of people to make something really incredible that a lot of people enjoy and for all of the contestants to have a good experience because I think it's really important that this goes well for our industry y all right hopefully you guys liked that inside look at Beast games go watch the show and let us know what you think in the comments all right see you you think the cops are still here yeah the cops are definitely I I bet you the cops are still here

  Top Comments:
  1. @TaibiRomayssa-s8t [1 likes]: 8:19 different? what does that even mean ? aren't we all different?
  2. @louiedoestuf [1 likes]: Beast games is corny tbh
  3. @onewiththestud [1 likes]: seams like beast has a thing for the storms - issues with season one and two
  4. @edwardvasquez8957 [1 likes]: Hello 👏👏🙏
  5. @MakieRider: ❤
  6. @Алихан-ф2: 1000 GoPro 94 ptz cameras cameraman
  7. @kristineximeno6739: Love these BTS
  8. @66kprdwd: I’m just not into Beast Games. It’s just too overwhelming and confusing. 

I long for the days of Jimmy and his friends doing goofy stuff.
  9. @thedruidsgrove: Was really hoping Colin and Samir would have had the opportunity to do this again for season 2 as I loved this style of documentary
  10. @idioticgk7763: Compared to season 2 bts of jon this bts seems very unprofessional done. There could be improvement to story telling & other attributes of the production could have asked better questions and provided insights to beast team
  11. @samcaenepeel8830: Does Mr Beast hire contestants to be in his crew or does he put crewmembers in his shows?
  12. @wn891: In my heart Jimmy is God.
Mr beast is God.
  13. @wn891: Any one on earth who helps mankind is (God).
  14. @wn891: Otherwise men man is God.
Like Mr beast.
And yes I'm willing to DIE for Mr beast.
He is God. He helps mankind.
  15. @wn891: I think we will believe when we truly see help from a divine intervention.
  16. @wn891: Why do we have to depend on our fellow humans brothers and sisters if there is a God?
  17. @wn891: If we serve a living God then where is he or her when we need help??????
  18. @wn891: Judt watching videos of men who help this worn the people's in it makes me wonder.
Where is God? Is there a God?
If there is then why does men help n not God?
  19. @EmilyCheetham: Being a follower of mr beast for years I ignore the people pissing on Jimmy saying they weren’t paid, they were injured etc. it’s all BS.
  20. @Bozdağ-film-1: Hats of to tyler conklin, dealing with everything

- 10 Beast Games Facts Mr. Beast doesn't want you to know about: Kind: captions Language: en a thousand contestants were so excited that they made it to the show they stormed the $5 million pyramid cash pile security couldn't stop everyone this summer I was player 892 on the Amazon Prime TV show Beast games and here's 10 wild things that happened on set that Mr Beast himself didn't want you to see starting in at number 10 a guy actually proposed to his girlfriend in episode one so basically what happens is before we even start the competition Jimmy brings out a million dollars in bags dumps it out on a stage and says if anybody's willing to self- eliminate you can split the million dollars evenly now a lot of people ended up taking that bribe they got the million dollars and when Jimmy walks over to start interviewing all the contestants at self- eliminated to ask why they did it one guy in particular ask for the microphone ends up walking over to a particular pillar gets down on one knee and ends up popping the question to his girlfriend who happened to be in the competition as well they become engaged and we all cheer like absolute crazy I really thought that was going to make the final cut but for whatever reason Mr Beast decided he didn't want it in the TV show coming in at number nine Daphne screaming out remember your dream now we all know on set what happened you guys didn't see it in episode 4 Daphne's villain Arc starts to come out when we're doing a blindfolded Time game where we have to drop a red ball before 10 minutes is up and the closest people to 10 minutes get a ticket to go to Beast Island now Daphne couldn't keep track of the time in her head so instead she decided she wanted wanted to sabotage other players she starts screaming out 52 46 14 8 9 just different numbers to try to screw people's count up and it worked a lot of people got really upset now you guys saw that part but what you didn't see is in the next game when we had to give 100 coins to Jeremy before he made his final pick Daphne's actually in the corner talking to Tariq and she ends up screaming don't forget your dream don't forget your dream which was like the funniest thing we thought it was going to be a meme they ended up editing it out of the show and for context what happened is Jeremy actually talks to Daphne at the Beast Cafe during the daytime before we were even filming says Hey Daphne I had a dream that you made it to the Beast Island cuz that we all knew that's what we were working towards so for whatever reason a big disconnect happened Daphne's villain Arc started to come out and then that night she started screaming don't forget your dream insinuating what he referenced earlier at the Beast Cafe and I think that's what actually made him change his mind on who he was going to give the golden ticket to which is why all of us were so shook and like what why did he give her that ticket that's insane but don't forget your dream was actually just cut out of the episode completely so you guys never even got to see it coming in at number eight old man strips down naked and slides down a pile of5 million real dollars I am not even kidding this actually happened so going back to episode one we see that everybody in vertical rows are on teams Jimmy does this game where somebody in your row has to self- eliminate to save every other player in that row now the interesting part is in the very furthest over row there's an older gentleman who is in the game he decides to do something very selfless he presses the button he eliminates himself and he saves every single person in that row that's what you guys saw but what you didn't see is when it was all said and done this man really took off his jersey took off his pants took off everything except for his tidy whes went woo and was swinging his jersey above his head running around the entire set ran up got on top of the $5 million money pyramid yeah for this was like a 10 15 minute ordeal this man was living it up and partying like a rockar ends up security comes over because it's 5 million real dollars like they really don't want people touching it cuz that you know liabilities whatever they don't want things stolen but this man ends up sliding down the front side of the pyramid in his tidy whes before he's finally brought all the way back escorted back to his pillar to get dropped down the shoot it was really funny and actually when he was getting dropped he never even put his clothes back on he was woo and they had the camera on him they ended up editing it out probably just because like it was in decent exposure or something I'm not really sure but obviously I I could kind of see why they edit that out but that was hilarious coming in at number seven contestants were never allowed to know what time it was on the show this started back in Vegas and went all the way through the time I was there I have no idea why they never explained why obviously you guys know we didn't have our cell phones we had no access to TV music any form of entertainment not even a radio nothing but the weirdest part is that they never told us what time it is you went up and asked any producer camera man guard or Mr Beast team anybody and you said hey do you know what time it is by chance they'd be oh sorry uh I'm not sure but they're clearly wearing a watch they're clearly on their phone like you know what time it is they would never actually say I'm not allowed to tell you what time it is but they would never tell you what time it was coming in at number five they never tell the full set of rules on the TV show now I did touch on this in my episode one reaction video If you haven't seen that you can go watch it next I'll make sure that it's linked somewhere on the screen but regardless two that come to mind immediately I got a lot of questions in the episode three when we were in those red cubes a lot of people were like Andrew why didn't you guys just ask for money like you could self- eliminate take a bunch of cash with you duh well here's the thing we did think of that we picked up the red phone that said asked me for anything we were like hey could we ask for a reasonable amount of money because maybe somebody in this Cube might be willing to self-sacrifice if they could guarantee themselves some cash this was the rule anything you you can get anything you ask for I mean people asked for a horse people had a hot tub tattoo artist literally whatever you want but the rule is whatever they give you in that Cube stays in that Cube whether you get eliminated or go back into the competition you are not taking it so even if you ask for a million dollar they will literally bring you a million dollars but you can't take it out of the cube so that's why no one really messed around with money cuz it's like what is the point of asking for a million dollars and then ending up not taking it anyway so uh and then the other one was the tower game in challenge one where you actually had the colorful blocks you built a tower the thing about that was they didn't explain the full rules I said this in my other video but just to kind of give a a quick recap one of the things they never brought up when you see all those colorful boxes on the side of our Towers there's a red one the red one actually contained a red dodgeball the rule was one once the towers are completely built Jimmy's going to give the signal everyone's going to grab a red dodgeball out and throw it at someone else's tower now this would have been a serious problem and a serious consideration they never even explained that part about on TV cuz we didn't get to it but it's like the reason that a lot of people were building strategically on a corner or like in the middle or however they were doing it was based on the knowledge of who do I know around me and who might try to sabotage me and actually throw a red dodge ball at my tower to get me out of this game so that's why like in these competitions you guys at home might be thinking well why' they do that that's so dumb I would have just done this instead well here's the thing there is another 50% of the rules you guys at home didn't even listen to so we are having to pre-plan for something that may or may not come up in another subsection of rules that they're not telling you and that's why a lot of the stuff appears kind of weird or stupid that we were doing on TV and that's only because like I said we knew all the rules and you guys didn't coming in at number four conspiracy theories and rumors now if you guys thought that the internet controversy from Beast games was crazy how do you think it all started when we were on set before we even played the first game in episode zero in the hotels there was wild rumors everybody swore we know what's going to happen in the first game everybody has to do this it's going to be a big game of hideand-seek or it's going to be Capture the Flag or we're going to have to tackle each other and you know fight for a banana or what you know just like making up random stuff and people are like I know for a my friend works on the Beast games team and he actually told me like people were just making up the most wild things ever just to like throw people off the game there's not a lot of context or backstory and they didn't show a lot of what was being said while we were on set during the episodes and in between the games so you guys at home are like whoa what is going on and why is it so chaotic and crazy but us contestants know there was a lot of crazy things happening but conspiracy theories in rumors was absolutely at the Forefront of all of them it was a major play and a major theme that happened throughout the entirety of every single episode I was on coming in at number three we had a giant nightclub dance party in be City now I told you guys already we weren't allowed to have our phones there was no TVs obviously that means no shows no movies we didn't even have a radio and one thing a lot of us were saying because they had like a questionnaire box uh was we would love a little bit of music I think music would have really livened it up a little bit a lot of us were stressed out and if you look at a lot of the contestant images and videos a lot of us weren't even smiling we were just really stressed fighting for our lives in there and the Beast team knew we needed a break so they gave everybody a day off they brought in a giant DJ speaker and they just started playing like Usher and like Tay and all these like Club anthems and everybody just let loose blew off some steam there was people break dancing and just getting down all over the place it was actually a really cool night in city that is a memory I'll never forget and I they filmed the whole thing I'm really shocked that they didn't put that in the show coming in at number two Jimmy Carl Chandler Nolan Tariq and the Beast team they would actually come in when they were off the clock after hours they may have been working for like 14 to 16 hours straight but that didn't stop them from trying to get to know the contestants which I thought was super cool like Carl and I we used to talk about video games a lot and baseball he's a he's I think he said he was from the Bronx and he's a Yankees fan I happen to be a Mets fan and we used to argue about that and I I had a lot of fun doing that but regardless um Jimmy would like bring an iPad on set and he'd show me cool clips of me from the show that didn't actually end up making it in the show but like it was just a cool experience and like he actually found out that I had a tech YouTube channel so he brought the camera operator over and they were like showing me all the tech and the gear and it was really awesome like they would eat dinner with us we would play like Camp games like never have I ever or just like funny stuff like that so it was a really awesome experience n theless none of that is going to be in the TV show but I definitely appreciated their efforts and the fact that they were just willing to do that now coming in at number one the five million doll pyramid that you see on the set of every episode is actually real cash now this is a question I have got asked more than everything was it real money yes it was real money the explanation is this it was $5 million in $1 bills they had a whole security team around it all the time even overnight and then all the crumpled up bills on top those were fake but there was actually $5 million1 bills in the pile of every single episode we went up and actually verified the cash for ourselves the guards let us see it and it was actually really cool and actually a bonus one that I didn't tell you or didn't include in the list in episode zero when it was all said and done a thousand contestants were so excited security couldn't stop everyone and started woo throwing all the the money in the air even Jimmy started throwing it in the air and everything it was a really fun time it got out of control to be real like it really shouldn't have happened but it did and it was fun while it lasted someone actually picked up a brick of $1 bills like a thousand of them and just pelted me right in the face with it I don't know who that was but you know what I'm going to find you man I'm going to find you anyway guys that ends uh this video If you guys liked it please subscribe give it a thumbs up and until I see you on next week video go check out one of these cuz for some reason YouTube thinks you're going to like them

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mercanthony [402 likes]: Accurate video, loved this! So much that didn't make the cut, but memories we will keep forever! I couldn't help myself so I jumped in the $5M and did snow angels LMAOOOO
  2. @Magickmellynn [2 likes]: I think a few of these things they edited out because they didn’t want to encourage other  people doing it
  3. @ThurstonReed [1 likes]: My name is Thurston
  4. @Fantic156: For me, a 66 year old retired miner, if I wasn't sure, and saying so publicly to so many people, I'd not do it! To be successful in it, it seems like you might lose something personal along the way!  Keep your own council, whatever you do I reckon the herd will support and encourage you, that's your strength, integrity and soul showing through. Just do what you and yours feel is best.
  5. @SilIyBilIySnickers: Loved this video! I wish someone made a MrBeast Games Iceberg because these facts were interesting
  6. @kevinj.8257: The red dodge ball was incase one hundred towers originally didn’t fall over. It was a backup plan explained in a bts by Mr beast
  7. @NillaSmerk510: That's weird for not putting a proposal in there. Suss
  8. @MorganShelby-bt1lx: Be happy it happened most money 4 now so I think u should b enjoy it
  9. @johnmj89schannel47: My friend works on the beast game team sounds like yeah my dad works for nintendo
  10. @Angel_snappyderg: How do you join Beast games?
  11. @EdKrisiak: Season 2 they did ask for a million dollars and got it...  for a while...:text-green-game-over:
  12. @jacobpeters5458: when mr beast said "$5 mill takes a while to bring out" in the Ep 1, I was like "yea duh when u have it in $1" but it all made sense that people/guards wouldn't be tempted to steal some of it (much lol)
  13. @EmilyCheetham: You do realise the beast games were filmed over several WEEKS.The cameras were following everyone for the whole day every day. There was thousands of hours of footage. They editors could only fit in a small amount of what was filmed.
  14. @123ftw1: 5:40
I was gonna try to do this if I could ask for "anything"
  15. @FarheenFarnajRimi: I am glad they didn't add those I literally hate conspiracy, toxicity, chaos, indecent behaviour,love in a game show (most of the time it's fake or illusion) & too much rule would be boring
  16. @te1858: When contests were in the box & could ask for 'anything' - you mentioned that the rules stated that 'nothing [requested] could leave the box' (in order to prevent people from asking for money & taking it home after self-elimination).

However, would you be allowed to request that Jimmy comes into the box with you & offers bribes to self-eliminate? You wouldn't be asking for cash/money in the box - instead, you'd be asking for Jimmy to come into the box & offer cash bribes [to be payed out later on]. You'd basically just be asking for someone who is willing to pay you later on.
  17. @Kidsinterclub: If I was Mr beast I would use fake money and give the winner real money
  18. @PhoneyPlays: youre lying
  19. @Ederdec1: Porque o Cris não estava no Beast Games ?
  20. @henockmengistab2598: Beelzebub will now follow u..love earth

- Why MrBeast Went On 38 Dates Before Meeting His Fiancee | The Job Interview: Kind: captions Language: en-US - It's funny talking about my personal finances because no one ever believes anything I say because they're like, you're a billionaire. I'm like, that's net worth. I actually, I don't, I have negative money right now. I'm borrowing money. That's how little money I have. All right. - [Interviewer] MrBeast, may I call you Jimmy? - Of course. - [Interviewer] You started creating at 13 and built the world's largest YouTube channel and you turned that into a multi-billion dollar value company. Where does the name MrBeast come from? - I wish I had a better story for how I came up with the name MrBeast, but there's a thing called an Xbox Live Gamertag. I just hit random generate name and it gave me MrBeast6000. And then eventually I just dropped the 6000. That's how I got the name. - [Interviewer] On that note, who or what inspired you to start MrBeast6000 back in 2012? - Back then, we just didn't have much. My parents lost everything in 2008 and went bankrupt. And so there's this YouTube channel that I promise not a single person watching this would recognize named WoodysGamertag and he was just playing Call of Duty. He was uploading it and he mentioned that he made $100,000 in a year off of it. I was like, wow, I could make YouTube videos and be able to take care of my mom and like, you know, provide for her. This guy's making multiples of my mom's yearly salary off of YouTube videos. What? That's when I was just like, okay, this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna be a YouTuber and die trying. Like, once it clicked in my head, it was an actual job. I was like, this is what I want. - [Interviewer] What's something that people might not expect about the process behind your videos? - Oh, boy. Well, the thing is, every video we do is different, right? One video, I spend seven days in an abandoned city. The next video, it's comparing the world's cheapest hotel room towards the most expensive hotel room in the world. At the end of the day, we just have some of the greatest people in the world here and some of the smartest and most creative people. And, you know, a lot of it is I lean on them. Like, I don't come up with every idea anymore. - [Interviewer] I heard earlier that you start with the thumbnail and the title of the video. - Yeah. - [Interviewer] If you could give this video that we're making right now a thumbnail and title, what would they be? - You got to be careful because you're gonna use what I say. What would get the most clicks would probably be something like "MrBeast Shares His Hidden Secrets to YouTube," or maybe just "MrBeast Opens Up About Things He's Never Before." Something like that where it's a little vague, where it creates that, like, whoa, what is this? I need to hear what he says. And then the intro, though, you really have to reaffirm whatever the title is because your title and thumbnail sets expectations for what people click on. And if the expectations aren't matched, then people are gonna click off and then YouTube will stop promoting it. - [Interviewer] Your Squid Game in Real Life video is one of the most viewed non-music videos on YouTube. - Oh, that's cool, I didn't know that. - [Interviewer] What was the hardest part of pulling it off? - Well, the hardest part of pulling it off is we did in 30 days. I think it was a $4 million video, like $4 million on a single YouTube video with those monster of sets, was just unheard of. So that was, like, the first time anyone had really poured that much money and that much time and that much effort into a single video. It was pretty scary. - [Interviewer] Something else that sounds scary is spending seven days buried alive. - Mm-hmm. - [Interviewer] What was the scariest moment for you during that shoot? - Oh, that's easy. The scariest moment was definitely when, I mean, don't ask why, but the coffin's, like, kind of like this, obviously. I turned around in the coffin and I kind of got stuck like this. So this is the coffin stuck here. And I almost started panicking. But then after, like, six or seven seconds, I was able to get out and get unstuck. But I was like, oh, my gosh, if I'm stuck like this, I'm gonna lose my mind. - [Interviewer] How do psychological challenges like that one and the solitary confinement challenge compare to the physical stunts you've pulled off? - That's a great question, look at you. I don't usually talk about this kind of stuff, but I've been inadvertently honing my mental toughness for a very long time, because, I mean, even seven years ago when I counted to 100,000 on a YouTube video, that was horrible. That was 40 hours of counting, I didn't want to do it. That was miserable. But I've done so many really, really miserable, hard things. Being buried alive multiple times. Seven days in solitary confinement. Seven days on a deserted island. Seven days here, seven days there. It's like a muscle, you just kind of train yourself to get used to not being afraid. When you get that feeling of, this sucks, quit, quit, don't do this, this isn't fun. You build a tolerance of, like, it is what it is. I always enjoy when I finish those projects because I'm like, I did that. I did the thing that no one thought I could do that I didn't think I could do, and that's kind of the fun part is it's, like, seven days of suffering, but then afterwards you get a cool story and you get that satisfaction of, like, you push yourself and you hone the muscle of mental toughness, you know? - [Interviewer] Is there anything you wouldn't do for a challenge? - Cut my pinky off. I would not cut my pinky off for a challenge. - [Interviewer] OK, good to know. That's where you draw the line. - Yeah, yeah. No, I would not disfigure my body for a challenge. - [Interviewer] Which challenge has been the most difficult to pull off, logistically speaking? - Beast Games was definitely the hardest to pull off. I mean, Beast Games, oh my gosh, such a monster of a show. And season one of Beast Games, we broke, I mean, so many world records that the stack of world records come up to here. And it's just the biggest sets in history, the most contestants in history, with the largest cash prize in history, we built a literal city in a field that the contestants would live in between filming. And when it came to executing, I mean, there were days where we'd have over 2,000 people on set. Oh my gosh, it felt like I was, the governor of a city. - [Interviewer] It seems like you're always doing a challenge. You had one last night, you have one tonight. - Yeah, I'm filming a challenge right after this. - [Interviewer] Do you ever get burnt out? - Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, I was taking a power nap right before this interview. Can I take a five minute power nap real quick? - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Most months I'm probably shooting 25 days a month. It's a never-ending sprint, and you're really only as good as the last piece of content you put out, so you can never let off the gas. No rational human would do this. You would only do this if you're madly in love with what you're creating and what you're doing, which I why it's funny when people ask me, do you even enjoy it? I'm like, if I didn't enjoy it, do you think I would have given up all of my 20s to create content? You know what I mean? - [Interviewer] As part of this job interview, we checked your references, and Logan Paul said he thinks you might be a robot. - Logan Paul thinks I might be a robot. - [Interviewer] Yeah, why do you think he said that? - I don't know. People recently have been calling me AI. I'm not really sure why I keep getting called AI so much. I'm real. Tell me to do something. - [Interviewer] Put your hand on your nose. - All right, look. See, then every comment's gonna be like, wow, the AI model learned how to touch his nose. I don't know, I think it's just like an ongoing joke, and it is what it is. - [Interviewer] You said you keep less than $1 million for yourself despite being a paper billionaire. Why do you choose to operate that way? - It's funny, talking about my personal finances, believes anything I say. So, I mean, because they're like, you're a billionaire. I have negative money right now, I'm borrowing money. Technically, everyone watching this video has more money than me in their bank account if you subtract the equity value of my company, which doesn't buy me McDonald's in the morning or whatever. But yeah, why do I choose to keep it that way? It's not, I don't know. I just don't really think of it. I wake up, I just work, and I don't know. I'm just so busy working. I don't really think about my personal bank account, if that makes sense. I'm just laser-focused on, you know, making the greatest videos possible and building the business as big as possible. - [Interviewer] What has been your biggest personal splurge? - One time, my fiancée, she was studying in the UK, and I really wanted to see her. I don't live near a major airport, so all my, I have to drive two hours to an airport to then take a layover to take a layover to get to places, because their airport's so small. One time, I was like, screw it. I'm just gonna rent a private jet and fly to her, because I really want to see her. But if I don't rent a PJ, I literally just can't make it work, because a PJ flight's eight hours, whereas, commercial, it'd be, like, 19. There and back, it's, like, so much wasted time. And that was probably, like, $150,000. I felt so bad, but I was like, I don't know. I just really want to see my fiancée. Or, at the time, my girlfriend. - [Interviewer] Some people argue who you marry is your most important career choice. - Oh, gosh. - [Interviewer] How did you know your fiancée was the one? - She just obviously makes me a better person. And, you know, my whole life has been centered around creating content and growing my company. And she's one of the first people I've ever met that makes me a better businessman, pushes me. She has a constant thirst for knowledge, and she's always learning. You know, I think for some people that that might be boring, but to me, that's one of the hottest things she could do. I really think she would be a fantastic mom. And that, obviously, is the big thing, too, is one day I want to have kids. And just from an objective standpoint, the success of my kids and the happiness of my kids are gonna be infinitely higher because I have her as a partner. In every way, I have nothing but positive things to say. I mean, that's why I'm marrying her. - [Interviewer] You said that you were secretly testing her the first time you met. What kind of questions did this test entail? - Well, yeah, I mentioned that on a podcast that I had certain things I was looking for in a girlfriend. And people clown on me online because they're like, oh, he was giving women tests to take. It wasn't like a test, but it's just more I know what an ideal partner for me would be. I'm not dating to date. When I date, it's obviously to marry, clearly. I already proposed. So it's not me specifically ask her. It's more like just reading her personality and who she is as a person to see if she actually checks those boxes. And I went on, I don't know, what was it? I think I went on 38 different dates before I met Thea. And she was the first one that actually, like, checked all those boxes. And that's when I was like, OK, this is, I'm gonna pursue her. That's why I went so hard after her. So I was like, no, no, no, it took 38 dates to find someone. I'm not giving up that easy. - [Interviewer] How quickly did you know that she checked all the boxes? - Oh, literally within an hour of talking to her because, you know, she told me she was an author. You can just kind of tell, even just from her vocabulary and the way she spoke, it was like very educated. And I could talk for hours on Thea. This is gonna turn into a Thea video. You just move on. - [Interviewer] We had to go through your socials. - Me and Ronaldo. - [Interviewer] Yes. He taught you his celebration move when you guys played soccer together. - Yes. - [Interviewer] Have you used it since? - Have I siuu'd since? No. I've not siuu'd since I hung out with Ronaldo. - [Interviewer] Disappointing Ronaldo. - No, I'm saving it for Ronaldo. Siuus are just, those are for Ronaldo. - [Interviewer] Okay. You took your fiancée on a one dollar date. - Doesn't she look so cute? - [Interviewer] She really does. - Yeah, isn't she adorable, look at that. - [Interviewer] She looks so cute. Which one actually impressed her more? - So we did a dollar date. I think it was a $10,000, $50,000, $100,000, $250,000. I think her favorite was the $10,000 date with Gordon Ramsay. Like, we love sushi, we love food. That was really fun. met The Rock and lost $100,000. How did that happen? - I don't remember. This is like three years ago. I think it was a red carpet event. And I just DM'd him. And I was like, yo, if I pull up, can I play you in Rock, Paper, Scissors? Loser gives $100,000 to charity. And I think he just was like, sure. And then I pulled up and we played Rock, Paper, Scissors. - [Interviewer] Want to do a quick round? - Sure. Rock, paper, scissors, shoot. I beat her. - [Interviewer] Yeah, you beat me. You've grown Beast Industries into a company that's been valued at $5 billion. What's been the hardest lesson in scaling a business? - Ignorance is brutal, man. I really started scaling up when I was 19, 20. I had no idea what I was doing. You know, I was hiring a lot of local people here who had never worked in production, which is why I'm very grateful for my current CEO, Jeff. Jeff Housenbold, he worked at, I mean, I don't even know, probably a dozen plus companies he's been CEO at. It's no longer like a guessing game. Jeff's like, oh, this is what you do. And it's like, oh, okay. I wouldn't have came to that conclusion. It's great. - [Interviewer] What do you want your legacy to be? - The problem with that question is I'm 27 and I feel like I have a lot more to give. Like, I'm gonna be working my ass off until I die. I mean, in the grand scheme of things, I haven't done anything compared to what I will do, in my opinion. So I hope it's mostly just like, he did things that were a net positive for the world. And what that ends up being, who knows? - [Interviewer] Is this what you thought success would look like at 13? - There's no world when I was 13 I ever would have imagined that YouTube channels could get this size. I mean, back then, the thought of a YouTube channel one day hitting 100 million subscribers would have been unfathomable. You would have been laughed out of a room if you're like, yo, I think one day someone might hit 100 million subscribers because the numbers are so big it wouldn't have even made sense. I did this thing when I was a kid where I filmed videos and scheduled uploaded them in the future. So I scheduled uploaded a video one year in the future and try to guess how many subs I have five years, 10 years. Hi me in 10 years, I tried to guess my subscriber count and I said, I hope when this goes live, I have a million subscribers. I have obviously 430 million, so it's 430 times below what I ended up being. But yeah, this is way more success than I ever could have imagined. - [Interviewer] So 13 year old you is gonna be very proud. - Oh yeah, 100% proud.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsjstyle [110 likes]: Behind the scenes of MrBeast’s $5 million reality competition: https://on.wsj.com/495ATFZ
  2. @Nudah: I recognize WoodysGamertag, Jim
  3. @drewsmith5040: 10:21 he won cuz he’s AI
  4. @null3: What, that AI Model can touch his nose 🤯
  5. @katrinariya1824: His checklist
 1. Blonde
  6. @katrinariya1824: Stop the cap
  7. @MumboJumbo12334: those teeth...
  8. @DrSyd2.0: His teeth!
  9. @amazingperson6305: why does he look so uncanyy and creepy
  10. @LeahandBlair: Nobody realises how much Mr Beast says "Like" so many times...
  11. @nevadacollins6132: This is just the beginning ❤🎉
  12. @MsTravelGirly: No money? With all the work he’s put in, sounds like he needs a financial advisor ASAP
  13. @missrkl: He’s 27…
  14. @sadie4me2: Do they ever talk about his heart and soul and what his wife means to him and those respects as opposed to as a business partner she meets all of his requirements?
  15. @Worldchangerbygrace: ❤ when is the wedding?  who’s planning it?
  16. @LianaEnoch: I’m his soulmate 😭 he was supposed to marry me 😭🥲
  17. @Nunu4evaa: Man is not in the negatives. 😂
  18. @Nickskeeee: It's so nice to see Jimmy be "normal" and not in "YouTuber" mode! Keep these amazing and interesting interviews coming!
  19. @boomynote: "no one here would recognize woodysgamertag" hmmm
  20. @tyyoung7411: I remember woodys gamertag I also remember waiting for optic h3cz to release commentary’s and FFA gameplay along with Dtreats

- How I Get Over 100,000,000 Views Per Video: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be showing you how you can get access to all my YouTube Secrets everything I use to get over 100 million views a video and the answer is my brand new website that I just launched views.com so if you go to views.com you'll see this right here and you can enter in any YouTube channel you want I'm going to put in Mr Beast my channel boom and when you search a channel it will pull up their Channel page which basically allows you to see the analytics of any channel another thing you can see on a Channel's analytics page that I don't think you can find anywhere else on the Internet is you can see how many views on that channel are coming from long form versus short form let's say a Channel's popping off and getting a billion views a month well if they're getting a billion views a month from short that is completely different than if they're getting a billion views a month from long form and so being able to distinguish the difference is huge and everything you see there is just the beginning because if you hit this videos tab here you can click on any video on my channel we'll just do this ages 1 through 100 decides video you can see the daily viewership for specifically that video right here and you can see every time we Swit the thumbnails with this little icon of ab thumbnail test on top of that you can see what it ranked out of 10 no joke you just click here and then it will show you that that video is 4 out of 10 so without view stats if you wanted to see out of 10 how well a video performed on a channel you couldn't unless you had access to their creator Studio but now you can see any video on all of YouTube what it ranks out of 10 which I thought was pretty cool on top of that you can also see every single AV thumbnail test ran on that video the next tab is called similar channels and this is insane this tab takes your content okay and it looks at all the titles and the content you're making and then it Compares it across our giant data set and shows you other channels that make similar content to you that way if you're looking for someone to collab or you just want to get some inspiration off of people who make similar content it is incredibly easy and we didn't just stop there basically if you go up to the top of view stats you can hit Top subscribers and what it will show you in real time is the most subscribed to YouTube channels on the platform and obviously you can see the most viewed YouTube channels those are pretty standard but where it gets very cool you can also see the top 50 most videos from the previous day you can also see the most of videos on the whole platform in the last 7 days last 28 days even and this is crazy the last year those are all the top charts we currently offer and we're working tirelessly to get more up here we also have a view stats Chrome extension that if you go to the Chrome Store and type in view stats all you have to do is hit add to Chrome just like any other extension hit ADD extension and once you install it whenever you're watching Youtube you'll have this view stats overlay to the right of the video and if you look on the right side of the video now you you'll see an overlay on the video that shows you the daily viewership of the video you can hit compare compare it to my most recent video on my channel you can hit ranking and see what it ranked out of 10 when I uploaded it you can see the overview of my channel and so much more all without having to leave YouTube everything I've showed you so far is 100% free but we didn't just stop here we wanted to build some even crazier tools that we're putting behind view stats Pro because these things literally cost millions of dollars to operate and I can't afford to give them away for free on the free site with everything else and view stats Pro is going to blow your mind and I'm going to explain it to you now the first tool I want to show you guys is called outliers and what outlier means is if you have a Channel with let's say 10,000 subscribers and they get 100 views on their first video 100 views on their second video but their fourth video gets 100,000 views that fourth video got a thousand times the views of the other three videos it didn't just go viral randomly it either was a good title thumbnail the content something something about that video was special that caused it to do multiples better than the channel average which is why we label that in outlier and we store all of them here so you can use them for inspiration on top of that we built a very robust filtering system you can say I only want to see outliers that have over a million views on channels over 100,000 subscribers that did at least 10x the average views on that channel in the last 90 days that was a lot of filters and boom look at how quick that loaded and all those parameters are now in place we went all out on this outlier tool to make it as easy as possible for you to just brainstorm viral ideas and grow your viewership now I'm going to show you the second tool on view stats Pro and I got to sit up for this one cuz it's going to blow your mind okay I don't even know how we built this it's called thumbnail search and you can type in whatever you want and it will pull up thumbnails for you to get inspired off of okay let's say I'm a farmer and I want to do a video on my tractor I'm just going to type in something very descriptive a person standing next to a tractor right let's say I filmed a video of my tractor and I want thumbnail inspiration all you got to do is hit enter and then boom this will show you every thumbnail on YouTube that has a person standing next to a tractor I think this thumbnail right here that I'm hovering my mouse over it's pretty interesting and so what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit search by thumbnail and now it's going to pull up a bunch of other thumbnails that were similar to that giant tractor thumbnail in this hypothetical scenario where I'm role playing as a farmer making a video on my tractor I now have good inspiration on how I could angle the camera to make the tractor look big and on what would do well also you don't have to type in something you can also just search by an image and if you're ever on YouTube and you see a thumbnail you like you can just copy the URL to the video and paste it there and search with that thumbnail as well we thought of every single use case and put it all into here the third tool behind view stats Pro is called AB test and what you're looking at now is every single AB thumbnail test currently being ran on YouTube we all know about AB thumbnail tests you upload a couple thumbnail options YouTube tests them all out and it tells you which one's the best and why I think this tool would be valuable for you guys is instead of you having to run dozens or hundreds or thousands of ab thumbnail test across all your videos on the channel to learn about what people want and don't want what if instead you could just see every single AB thumbnail test every other YouTuber is running and you can just study those and apply their findings to your channel and save a ton of time you can type into this search bar whatever you want let's say Minecraft you know if you're a Minecraft Creator and this will show you all the most recent AB thumbnail tests ran on Minecraft channels so we can scroll through here looks like Preston ran an a thumbnail test he tried this Blood Blaze forgot son blood farm and it looks like forgotten Sun one so I'm going to type in Ryan trean my boy Ryan how you doing his newest video is I tried every seat on the most expensive Airline these were his three thumbnail options he had 24/7 service with him laying in a bed he had sleep pod $54 and then he had economy slfirst class and the winner was the economy first class one which the interesting part about this tool is if you went to my channel I did a similar video like this like a year before he did and if you look at our AB thumbnail test the split in half economy first class one also won for me so this is an example how Ryan could have looked at my ab thumbnail test saw what worked and applied it to his channel and saved time and you can see every single one of these tests with view stats Pro and learn from the millions of dollars I spent making these thousands of thumbnails and testing them on my channel our fourth view stats pro tool is alerts this one's a little more straightforward than the other ones but incredibly useful if you use it correctly you can set an alert for anything you'd want let's say I know later this year I'm going to do a video where I bu the world's largest treehouse I can create an alert with the title I built I'll set it where it shows me anytime my video gets over a million views I just want long not shorts and then I hit create and then what it will do is it will show me every video on all of YouTube that has over a million views with ibuilt in the title currently and then it will alert me in the future anytime another video meets that threshold you can use this so if something happens in your Niche or vertical or whatever you're in real time updated and you don't have to live on YouTube our fifth tool is collection which basically ties all the other tools together in one spot let's say when you're using the outlier tools you like an idea you just hit this thing in the top right of the idea and then you just hit add new collection title It Whatever Minecraft and basically whether you're using alerts thumbnail search outliers it allows you to store all the data that you're finding across view stats Pro and one spot for later and we're not just stopping with these five tools with view stats Pro we have over a dozen tools that we're planning on launching over the next year click the link in description or go to views.com Ford SL Pro I feel like a weight is now off my shoulder we've been working on this for so long and to finally launch all these tools just H I just can't wait to hear what you guys think of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast2 [8300 likes]: Head over to https://viewstats.com/pro and sign up today! #ViewStatsPartner
  2. @JasonPawn [314 likes]: Good luck to new youtubers in 2025 ❤
  3. @Midnight_Bytes0 [53 likes]: wow, i didn't know this existed
  4. @dawnniemercado [42 likes]: This looks amazing! I am so excited to finally be learning directly from the master himself.  You are so giving and do so much in terms of philanthropy. Thank you for not gate keeping this amazing intel.  🥰🥰🎭🎭🔥🔥 Hard breaking in, at 58 YouTuber/Actor here.  Love this new tool!
  5. @thefactstory98 [38 likes]: Support me please please please please please please 😢😢😢😢
  6. @eternocuriosochannel [29 likes]: Com muita persistência vou conseguir! 💪💪
  7. @MrTioFeliz [29 likes]: Thank you, Jimmy
  8. @EZR [24 likes]: Thanks Jimmy. You upgraded my life today ⏫
  9. @PromptVerseYT [21 likes]: wow thanks bro
  10. @Jgkgkgig-t5b [17 likes]: Aalu khaoge😂😂🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔
  11. @NaylaAfrin [16 likes]: ্Thanks for 97 subscribers
  12. @A_L-polit [11 likes]: Thanks Jimmy, that's really cool.
  13. @jamestateIII [11 likes]: Im going to start buying his food in grocery stores. He good people he makes crazy videos...BUT he's actually very charitable too and this instruction video has blown me away.  Im so happy to have these tools...im going to check itnall outnnd pay a subscription to PRO more than likely.
  14. @CatGrandRapidsCatGrandRapids [10 likes]: GOOD
  15. @cimbomedit-11 [8 likes]: Thanks man
  16. @QuenjackFamilia [3 likes]: Nice to meet you
  17. @OliverMarley [2 likes]: This should be the homepage for @youtube
  18. @insanoblox2 [2 likes]: Eres el mejor
  19. @NirobMonddal [1 likes]: 135survive film
  20. @Tanhung_Gameming [1 likes]: Tôi đã đăng hơn 1000 video và vẫn chưa đủ điều kiện bật kiếm tiền..tôi biết có nhiều cách nhưng tôi muốn chơi đúng luật..tôi không sợ thất bại và không bao giờ từ bỏ

- MrBeast encourages children to learn how to be a YouTuber to develop skills: Kind: captions Language: en you know, I would I would encourage it because you're they are learning a little bit of entrepreneurism and they're learning how to um you know, you know, learn new skill sets like filming and then which will translate into editing and then posting and and you know, like I wasn't the best communicator when I was younger, but through seeing myself on camera, I learned to be a better speaker, which obviously pays a lot of dividends throughout your life. And so I think it's uh as long as it's in a safe way that the parent is aware of and and involved in, I I think it's a really good thing to encourage and uh and it'll develop a lot of skill sets that will make them better. And like the entertainment industry isn't going anywhere. And so even if they don't end up making it as a YouTuber, you know, some of our best editors or just best people in the company are people who wanted to be a YouTuber, it didn't quite work out, but in that uh chase uh of of trying to become that, they they developed a skill set that no college degree could ever teach. and then now they're invaluable to me. Um, and so I think like those skill sets are only becoming more and more valuable. And yeah, if it doesn't end up working out, the tons of people will hire them for

  Top Comments:
  1. @turnerwright [6 likes]: Skills like preying on people who will do anything for money they desperately need to survive, and acting like you’re doing it out of charity rather than your own selfish needs?
  2. @breannagarrett1771 [4 likes]: Don’t listen to him kids
  3. @sleepy_dobe [2 likes]: Erm.....no. We should move forward by going backwards. Get the kids outdoors into the sun, the rough and tumble. Get them physically playing and socialising with other kids at the playground, at the beach, at an outdoor adventure park, summer camp, etc. Youths these days who grew up in the internet age spent sitting in front of their computers all day are lacking so much in social skills, mental resilience, situational awareness, etc, and you think the best way for kids today is to......go on the internet using their phones and tablets instead of a computer at home? Yeah, right.
  4. @Higgins8 [2 likes]: Just what the Western society needs.
  5. @BlessedProtectedinHighDemand [2 likes]: Children should be protected and exposure is not protection.
  6. @Markydarling [1 likes]: He's such a bad influence, we need teachers, doctors, nurses, firemen, emt professionals, police officers, electricians, plumbers, car mechanics like we don't need anymore MINDLESS youtubers and ppl calling themselves influencers thinking tht they are actually contributing to society or have a real job. Im not hating but our whole society will collapse without these individuals tht keep the REAL WORLD functioning‼️
  7. @lgnewman [1 likes]: So, in other words they're learning how to grift?
  8. @RadDad419 [1 likes]: The entertainment industry disappears in warzones. So it does go away. And it changes. This is not a guaranteed job skill to develop.  Soon displays of excess will be dangerous or simply acknowledged for their utter vulgarity.
  9. @ginadimaggio-p1n: Hi
  10. @the-o5202: Addicted on to smartphone is not ideal. Reading and arithmetic percentage are falling. 🥺🫩😵‍💫
  11. @BusterMcGee-v8s: And honey
  12. @DarrenTheDead: This will greatly contribute to the demise of society. Buckle up buttercup
  13. @MenCanGetPregnant: So what has he done ......
  14. @J-i8y6z: or touch grass.
  15. @JoeZert: is he getting botox?
  16. @dummypants: this man is a demon
  17. @vaguedestruction: why does everyone hate mrbeast for the sake of hating mrbeast bruh
  18. @lightingbolt8148: What developed skills does YouTube offer?
  19. @Astraminaria: why he look so rough
  20. @jamesprice4074: Just corporate satanic philanthropy speak. Deep down he hates you.

- 6 Secrets MrBeast Uses To Create Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en-US Secrets Mr. Beast uses to create viral videos. Hey, what's up everybody? This is Adam with d I Y agency and today we're gonna discuss six secrets that Mr. I just did a YouTube short about Mr. Beast and his cheat code to branding, and I'll list that link below. But to summarize, it was know your audience. Create a strong image, be unique and promote consistently, but that's about creating brand. I want to talk about viral videos here. So the first thing that Mr. Beast looks for is click through rate. So if you look at his channel, what you'll find are excellent thumbnails. Now, I do a really bad job on my thumbnails. I will try and get better with them. I'm just looking for some consistency of my brand, um, to start with. But what he does is create absolutely like click. Thumbnails, they're awesome. I mean, every single one of them has a picture of him making some kind of outrageous face or showing money or some kind of thing that doesn't necessarily really. Tell a story but makes you interested to see, like, I wonder what this is about. And another thing that I've noticed that he does is he doesn't have a lot of text on his now I always put thumbnails that have texts on mine. Um, just to quickly kind of identify what it's about in case somebody's not reading the actual title, because a lot of my views come from YouTube search. And so with Mr. Beast already having an established brand, he doesn't need to do that. Nobody really goes out looking to find anything. Spending 50 hours buried alive and then figuring out whether it was a Mr. Beast video or not. He's already got a brand he already knows he's gonna get views. So what he's doing is creating very clickable thumbnails that give a very good click through rate to his videos. So now once we dig into one of his videos, What he does really well is gets right to the point in the beginning of the video, so he'll have a very quick and compelling point to make. You wanna stay and watch the video, but at the end of the day, what he's focusing on is that duration of the video. So this is a 10 minute video, and quite frankly, everybody's watching to the end. That's amazing. Most videos don't. Obviously Mr. Beast is a little different, but that's what he's looking for, is people to watch as much of the video as you can possibly get. So to make you wanna watch more, he's going to give you that hard-hitting intro and then he's going to keep you engaged throughout the video. But what he wants to do is kind of try and save you for the last moments. And so what he tries to do for every single video is have a payoff if you watch till the end. So what you really want to try and do with your script is make sure that you're giving some information, but saying, Hey, wait till the. And I'll give you my best piece of information, which I'm gonna do in this video as well. And it's Mr. B's favorite piece of information. So his fourth secret is making sure people enjoyed his last piece of content, his last video. And the question he always asks himself is, will they watch to the end and will they enjoy this video and wanna watch my next video based on this video? And so your con, your content really needs to be compelling enough to make sure that it's not only engaging, but when people see your name, your brand, the next time will they watch that next video based on this current video. So that's a secret that he loves to use, and that's secret number. So Mr. B's fifth secret is to hyper obsess about the work that you're doing. So it went back to like one of his first videos, uh, back in 2015, here, seven years ago. And what I want to kind of showcase is that, you know, while, while he gets tons and tons of, uh, of comments, he actually took the time to, in the beginning to reply to his. So as he was blowing up, the key that he thinks is really, really important is be engaging with your audience. Make sure you're replying to comments, and that way people will wanna work with you more so. So be hyper obsessive about the content that you create, but also be hyper obsessive about engaging with your audience and creating the best videos and the best experience that you can for your audience. So for Mr. B's final secret, I'm gonna let him share it himself. Here we go. Listen up. It's much easier to get 5 million views on one. Then 50,000 views on a hundred videos takes way less effort to get 5 million views in one video. So that's his secret. It's much easier to get one video go viral than it is to get 50 videos to go a little bit viral. So when you're making that video or that content piece, remember, be hyper obsessive about creating the best content you can. So let's review. The first secret is improve your click through rate. The second secret is maximize average view duration. The third secret is try to have a payoff at the end of every video. The fourth secret is make sure they enjoy your last video or piece of content, and ask yourself will they watch next time you are recommended. The fifth secret is to be hyper obsessive and do the best you can, create the best content that you can and reply to every comment. And the final sixth secret is it's far easier to get 5 million views on win one video, then 50,000 views on 100. It takes way less effort. So let me know in the comments what your secrets are and what you think his best secret is. And if you like this video, please hit that light button or comment below. And if you really liked it, hit that bell and subscribe. Till next time, thanks for watching.

- I Won Mr. Beast's $1,000,000 Youtuber Challenge: Kind: captions Language: en when Carl Jacobs popped up in my DMs asking if I wanted to be in Mr BEAST's upcoming video I'll be honest my gut reaction was fear Mr Beast has basically become YouTube's own mad scientist he can snap his fingers and shape reality at this point despite part of me thinking I should just stay in the comfort of my own home I felt really honored to be invited and kind of just wanted to show up say Hi and then realistically go home within the first round of eliminations I accepted the invitation and before I knew it was flying to North Carolina being handed a custom uniform all before even knowing what I actually just signed up for I didn't even know if there was a prize for the winner at this point walking into the Green Room I was expecting to not know anyone but to my relief I saw a lot of familiar faces I even used this time to ask Matt Pat what it was like to meet Scott cauthorne and he told me FNAF secrets so already this trip was more than worth it eventually we were hurted down a long mysterious hallway until we saw it the Mr Beast Cube after everyone was filed inside we were told the last person to leave the cube would be deemed the winner and also win a million dollars for their subscribers this is for a million the challenge began immediately people started jumping in the giant pile of real money that was inside throwing handfuls of bills in the air laughing mingling to pass the time James and I drew our c characters out of dollar bills on the floor the staff came in and ended up giving everyone their own personal Vlog camera to document their POV of the challenge and I think I genuinely was the only person who didn't record a single second of footage on that thing I just thought I'm not going to use this footage because I'm not going to make a video out of it and they're going to have plenty of other people's footage to use in hindsight maybe it would have been a good idea to record something just in case I don't know maybe the Mr Beast team would end up actually wanting to use some of my footage who's to say after maybe an hour or two Jimmy came out for the first bonus challenge a single free throw Miss and you're eliminated but make it and not only do you get to come back into the cube you also win a cyber truck for one of your subscribers they had 50 people subscribers just in a room waiting for something to happen I'll be honest when Jimmy explained the extra credit challenge I was like hell no I'm not going up to miss a free throw and leave immediately after nothing's happened yet if my subscriber back there knew what was going on they 100% would have understood they weren't getting called up for nothing if I remember correctly maybe two people ended up making their baskets and three people were eliminated I could be wrong I don't remember because I didn't Vlog it while chatting with friends lwig walked up and asked if I wanted to do a dice bet with nothing else to do I agreed and to no one's surprise I lost and an evil expression washed over Ludwig's face all right since you lost I want you to walk up to Kai sonat and introduce yourself with hi Kai I'm Jaden so which of my videos have you seen maybe I should have just missed a free throw hey KY there's someone I want you to meet hey man I'm Jaden nice to meet you so which of my videos have you seen excuse me holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going to kill myself oh um so which of my videos have you seen oh I I'm sorry I haven't seen any I I don't think that that's okay nice meeting you bye Kai was super chill and nice about it but oh my God I wanted to rip my skin off I'm stuck in this cube with him until further notice and it's all Ludwig's fault with this stupid dice I hate it in here let me out oh hi Jimmy we were told to gather up in groups of five designating one as a team captain who will have immunity for the next challenge I was with James schlatt lewig and Charlie moist critical using the dice to choose the captain this time I actually rolled highest but reassigned it to lewig because I couldn't cope with the idea of possibly being responsible for a teammate's elimination and then it was revealed captains would just have to assign their teammates a shape for the squid game honeycomb challenge okay well I definitely overthought that one I had triangle James got Circle Charlie was star and schlatt unfortunately got umbrella the 10-minute timer began and everyone started deploying various different strategies to get their cookie shape out Charlie used a new technique called hunk as much spit as you can into the tin to dissolve it all it was really gross he ended up feeling the tin almost to the top with spin by the end two people with stars were eliminated and not a single umbrella made it through bye schat it was very funny seeing Mr Beast lift the lid off Charlie's tin and immediately reel back in disgust though a total of 14 out of 50 people have now been eliminated leaving 36 people honestly that was good enough for losing at any point going forward was already further than I was anticipating we were fed our little thing of rations and left to wait again it probably doesn't seem like long in Mr BEAST's video but it was like 900 p.m. by the time we began the second real challenge after being directed to choose a partner James and I shook hands ready to take on the next game as a team and froze as it was revealed we had just chosen our own opponent another squid game tactic I probably should have seen it coming I just didn't expect the double up the Beast staff r the next challenge as they rolled in a giant Jenga Tower winner stays loser walks unfortunately the very first game of giant Jenga between KSI and AJ ended up taking literally 2 hours doing the math in our heads we all kind of figured we probably didn't have the time to play Jenga for the next 30 hours but just as AJ won KSI hoisted him over his shoulders and ran out of the cube huge drama everyone is was freaking out AJ was stunned no one knew what to do was that legal can you just carry people out of the cube Jimmy had everyone take a vote and pretty much everyone opted to bring AJ back in yes out of the kindness of our hearts but also out of fear of being manhandled so since giant Jenga was a bust production ended up scrambling to try and find like 12 sets of normal Jenga at midnight in North Carolina a feat that seems impossible but I feel like Jimmy could just call up the president of Jenga and have it all delivered via helic opter within 30 minutes it took a bit but the slightly larger than normal yet still reasonably sized Jenga Towers were all set up as our game was going on James and I ended up making a pack that whoever was eliminated would relay to the outside world that the other was okay because we didn't have our phones by the way our friends only knew we were in the Mr Beast Cube and haven't responded for 14 hours our game of Jenga was pretty intense eventually it got to the point where as I was watching James pull out a final piece I realized there wasn't any left for me to safely remove I'm about to be eliminated and a flash of bliss washed over me sure I'll be gone but that's okay I'll be set free into the outside world again the cube is Harsh unforgiving it's taken so many of my friends from me the glass floor is hurting my butt I'm ready to go [Music] now and deeper into to the trenches I went James being eliminated meant I was moving on to cube Day 2 what a miracle watching the rest of the Jenga games was like watching an active war zone people were focusing cheering sweating praying Towers were falling one after the other at the feet of now eliminated players it was brutal and also still taking way too damn long man can I go to bed the last game left to finish was between Quack and a popular Brazilian Creator and alino apparently when it was revealed the challenge was Jenga and alino turned to quack and admitted he was a Jenga Pro quack had never played not the situation you want to be in quacky half jokingly asked en alino if he wanted to play Rock Paper Scissors instead to which he replied no which you know fair but 3 hours into this single game the two of them were neck and neck genuinely the most cracked round of Jenga possibly ever everyone in the cube was gathered around watching quack slowly pulling out the very last piece in this skeleton of a Jenga Tower just as he was about to make it and alino asked rock paper scissors quacky looked up at him it was over and alino tried to hang in there but in the end he fell 18 people were now eliminated all right it's 3:00 a.m. let's go to bed I genuinely thought they would let us go back to our hotel rooms for for the night but man now this is just great I won myself a ticket to a night in the Mr Beast Cube sleeping next to a bunch of people I barely know and I was probably just going to get eliminated first thing in the morning anyway as I was getting ready for bed Kai walked by hey I got to check out your videos sometime oh I'm sorry man I lost a bet to lewick and he made me say that oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay damn oh well that makes falling asleep a bit easier thank God he only thought I had a huge ego for 19 hours straight crisis averted in the morning production had to prep for filming again which meant they turned on every single light in the building flash banging all of us they were turned off and then these loud ass sounds from construction started blasting they turned the Lights On Again a few minutes later but this time in a crazy strobe light effect for some reason after breakfast rations Jimmy returned pointed to the entrance hallway and in walks I show speed with too much energy for a group of people that just had the weirdest sleep of their lives all right you guys have the chance to vote speed into the cube to join you in challenges the kind thing to do was to let him in but we all just survived trenches no one could even understand we were trauma bonded together and also it wouldn't be fair the majority of us moved to the voting side of no admittedly me too mainly because I was a bit scared scared of him speed looked at Kai at least shake my hand man you're going to pull me out as the two of them argued about a friendly handshake lwig stepped up I'll shake your hand speed his hand now extended to lwig the moment their hands touched speed started yanking lwig towards the outside world we all started screaming and panicking we couldn't lose one of our cute Brothers like this lwig was holding on to the support beam for dear life some of the guys managed to pull him back in and his speed walked down out unable to take any Souls with him he exclaimed this ain't the last time you're going to see me and I remember all y'all's faces all right let's get started Challenge three was steel or no steel basically a modified version of Deal or No Deal some cases have the word safe in them others say eliminated one person looks inside a selected case and the other decides whether they want to steal it or no steal it and also Howe Mandel was there hi Howe big fan people started getting eliminated one by one others securing safety eventually lwig was up at the podium asking if anyone wanted to volunteer to go up at this point the ratio of safe cases was very high 60% in favor of safe figuring the odds would just get Messier from there I volunteered lewig looked inside his chosen case looked up and told me it was safe I knew mathematically I should steal the case but I've been burned by math before as as I started hesitantly saying I was going to steal Mr be suddenly burst out saying Ludwig's heart rate was spiking by the way he was wearing a heart rate monitor which made me scared it was actually an elimination case and he was excited at the idea of avoiding going home so last minute I decided to let him keep the case it was the safest play if it said eliminated then good I dodged a bullet if it was safe then at least I'm not actually eliminated yet I just have to play again [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was now my turn to bring someone up even though I didn't want to pick a friend out of fear of getting them eliminated more than that I didn't want to be up there with someone I didn't know I picked quackety he came up to the podium I grabbed case number two it says safe my plan was to tell the truth but in the most unconfident and nervous way possible I was deploying every every bit of body language knowledge I could think of making myself look as guilty as possible as he asked me various questions we went back and forth for a bit until your eyes look down as you said the case was safe which indicates guilt so I think you're lying I'm not going to steal it without a word I shifted the case onto its back unlatched it safe it was worth sleeping in the cube oh my God the relief you have no idea after everything finished a bunch of people walked out out and unfortunately quack ended up being one of them 10 people left I know it's a dogy dog world inside the cube but when you're left to sit with your fellow contestants for hours on end between challenges waiting for Jimmy Beast to send you all through another round of cube stress you really start bonding with the survivors it was pretty sad watching them go hours pass until the Jimmy death bell struck again and we were told to partner up once more Alex and I had really got into chat and hang out together as the only girls left at this point so we paired up everyone was blindfolded and told to sit tight until they were ready which is ominous the two of us were strategizing and figuring out each other's strengths and weaknesses for whatever was coming our way only to be unblind folded and see the entire Cube transformed into a kitchen it was a cooking battle we're actually [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what Alex started panicking saying she can't cook for her life we were freaking out then Mr Beast brought out the judges professional competitive eater Joey Chestnut Miranda Cosgrove hi big fan and speed bottom two teams are eliminated time starts now we ended up committing to mac and cheese with a slice of chocolate cake under the fancier title of American comfort food aka the only two women left in the challenge can't cook and they're trying their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] best the judges walked around to check in on everyone and eventually speed was at our station so when when you all were voting to let me in which side were you on well originally we were on the side of of no because we were a bit intimidated but we we ended up switching to a yes at the last minute right Jaden yeah I I switched all right cool cuz you know I don't forget right yep later on during the challenge Mac and Nolan from the Beast team came up to ask what we were making at the time I was grading up febles to sprinkle onto our cake for decoration and I thought oh it would be funny to have them ask what we're making and it's just their own brand of chocolate so I was like close your eyes and open your mouth and gave Mac a piece of chocolate and immediately without chewing he was like is this febles and I was like yeah and he kind of stood there for a second with his mouth still open and Nolan was like oh he's allergic and they both had to leave oh my God guys I felt so bad I apologized so much when he came back max said it was fine and it's a good sport about it but I still have so much guilt about being such an idiot L we going to me them presented first with their fried chicken and asparagus dish the judges all really enjoyed it giving them a total of 26 points which is really unfortunate because I definitely thought speed was going to hold a bigger grudge against lwig and tank their score we were up next and thankfully they really liked our food too Joey was the first to score us and ended up giving us a 10 out of 10 and in the moment as a joke I wanted to turn around and flip off lwig as a like friendly fake gloat but I accidentally turned around and flipped off a mixim and I felt so bad again he was not the intended target and now I was just being rude and this challenge was going horribly not because of the cooking part I've just been non-stop fumbling socially we also got a total of 26 putting us at a tie with the French boys but now Logan Paul and Nick diovani were presenting and I haven't mentioned it yet but Nick is actually a goddamn chef they even gave us all his own cookbooks as a helpful tip for the challenge which is just a knife twist in my opinion so yeah they knocked it out of the park got a 29 the judges were licking their plates after them was Kai and AJ who had a great presentation but their food not so much they got a 16 after eating speed got up and started smashing the plates on the ground and Logan Paul saw this and got really excited because he wanted to smash plates too without thinking he ran out to join speed and we all shouted at him in panic confused at the sudden change in the air Logan looked back at us before realizing he left the cube to this day none of us are truly sure if he did it for like the content or it was a genuine accident in his defense the set was so cosmetically different that it really did feel like we weren't in the cube anymore either way he content creator too close to the Sun and even though he had a guaranteed spot in the finals he was eliminated the last team of rubius and Sprite D went up with their Spanish tortilla but turns out Sprite D is a huge fan of speed so he made a special tie dessert just for him that the other judges weren't allowed to eat which is honestly hilarious we all held our breath as the judges flipped through their scores 22 Alex and I made it to the finals I never in my life thought I was going to be getting this far and suddenly realized I need to actually think about what I would do if I won I went into this thing not even knowing if there was a prize at all and was now facing the reality that I could win the whole thing hours passed as the five of us sat together in the cube until Mr Beast emerged for the final time someone was about to win $1 million for their subscribers and it all came down to this last challenge honestly among the group there wasn't a single person I thought didn't deserve to win everyone left were good people who all wanted to do something really positive with the money it was great getting to know them all over the course of two Cube days and I was really proud to be standing next to them in the finals five briefcases were piled in the center one for each finalist we were to each take one peek inside our chosen case and within the next 10 minutes discuss who to vote out if you're voted out and your briefcase is empty you're eliminated but if you're voted out and your case has the million milon dollar inside you win instantly it was basically like reverse Among Us the first round started we all grabbed a case Peak inside holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I grabbed the million-dollar case round one I started shaking I didn't know what strategy to use I didn't know how to make myself look like I should be voted out and during the discussion time it definitely showed because I was really quiet and nervous the whole time the 10-minute discussion wrapped up we all unanimously wrote Our votes down and it fell into a tie between voting out lwig and somehow me it could end right here we had a few minutes to discuss again and recast votes but Alex and Nick were able to figure out I voted for myself so lwig was eliminated the cases were reshuffled we each grabbed one I pulled it again in that moment I froze since I was in the hot seat last round I was probably going to fly pretty under the radar this time someone else is going to be voting out and I statistically will not see this case ever again if I'm not voted out here I basically lose the second round began and it was pretty much a blur from there I was trying to talk more because being quiet last round got me found out but was still flying to under the radar amidst trying to keep up with the conversation strategize and hold myself together I couldn't find my wicon but with a few minutes left amum said something that I think shift Ed the entire game what are the odds Jaden pulled the million case twice there it was gambler's fallacy save me save me gambler's fallacy I couldn't mess this up I I don't know what to say to that one everyone's attention was now on me and I could tell they were all thinking about what was just thrown into the ring we all looked down at our papers I wrote my name as quietly as possible worrying the sound of the letters were going to out me Jimmy read them all out Jaden Alex Jaden they voted me out I slowly walked to the middle of the podium with my briefcase in that moment I was the only one who knew what had just happened everyone leaned in as I unlatched the case and revealed the million I won confetti cannons blasted everyone immediately started congratulating me all the eliminated contestants left in the Green Room ran out screaming and jumping around me in celebration I started to tear up for some stupid emotional reason so yeah I won a million dollar to give away to my subscribers that is a Looney Tunes amount of money first of all top five all agreed that whoever won the million would give the other four 100K each to do something for their subscribers too so a total of 400k will be going to lwig Alex botes amim and Nick de Giovani with the remaining 600k I decided to put it towards paying for as many people's art degrees as possible it's really scary going into the art field right now between the animation industry hitting their rough patches AI threatening to take artist jobs the overall career path is extremely intimidating and difficult to break into I'd really like to encourage and make it easier for some of the up incoming artists by being able to send them through art schools stressfree I have no idea how to set it off up but I'm currently working with as many qualified people as I have available to me to make it happen as my and Mr BEAST's Team figures it out I'll keep you all updated through my Twitter we'll get it sorted I entered the Mr Beast Cube ready to just talk to my friends and screw up in the first challenge but instead I was isolated from the world for 48 hours watched my peers fall one by one in front of me and left with a million dollar for my subscribers thank you Carl for inv in me thank you to all my friends who made the cube so much more enjoyable thank you Mr Beast for creating this incredible opportunity I can now use to support artists despite being put through Cube trenches I had a really great time and of course huge thanks to the Beast crew for making it all happen it was something I'll never forget or experience ever again hopefully if you're an artist currently enrolled in art school and are hoping to have some of your tuition paid for with the winnings you can now apply through the form I'll have Linked In the description and the comments of this video the form will be available for a week starting the day this video is uploaded so be sure to check the calendar and apply before it's closed I assume there's going to be a huge amount of applications we have to go through so expect a few months wait before we announce the winners thank you for your patience I'm not sure how many people we can financially help out because everyone's tuition will be vastly different but I'm looking forward to going through your portfolios and hearing your stories thanks for watching and thank than you to my team for dropping everything to work on this sudden video jump scare all right um until next time bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaidenanimations [96000 likes]: TO APPLY FOR THE ART SCHOLARSHIP!
If you're an artist currently enrolled in an art degree, please fill out the form at the bottom of this comment. It will be active for the next week. Thank you and good luck, artists! 
Disclaimer, this video was written/started production on June 6th, 2024. I'm not associated with the production/ethics of any Mr. Beast videos, I'm just here to tell my cube story and animation unfortunately takes a long time : ) Thank you!

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd7_O9Vnpia-Ejdhqa11nqG1LpxRnqPYIShXmB3cDUBsP99yw/viewform
  2. @TheStarIsTheSoul [4 likes]: 0:28 this is where the butterfly effect occurs
  3. @misteraskman3668 [1 likes]: With Folding Ideas' video on Beast Games, watching the giant jenga, not letting people go to their hotels, holding the validity of carrying someone outside the cube to a vote… Yeah, the sings were there.

Still, I'm glad that Jaiden won and did/is doing something good with that money.
  4. @coolkidcoolkid123 [1 likes]: 0:53 bro turn into bonnie
  5. @nolanway303: If I had a nickel for every time Jaiden won a Mr. Beast challenge i’d have two nickels, which isn’t a lot but it’s weird that it happened twice
  6. @cacheplays: Tell me the secrets please
  7. @csralinunes9255: you are sooo cute trying to say enaldinho a brazilian name!
  8. @Plerb-m8v: She NEEDS to invest in a lottery ticket because HOW did she pull million case TWICE😭
  9. @DylanMayancela-n2x: The fact she's like "LET ME OUT OF HERE!!" but then she sees jimmy and she's like "oh hi jimmy"
  10. @muhanadismail5384: 𝕀 𝕙𝕒𝕧𝕖 𝕒 𝕐𝕠𝕦𝕋𝕦𝕓𝕖𝕣 𝕥𝕙𝕒𝕥 𝕨𝕒𝕤 𝕚𝕟 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕔𝕙𝕒𝕝𝕝𝕖𝕟𝕘𝕖 𝕙𝕖 𝕨𝕒𝕤 𝕛𝕖𝕤𝕤𝕖𝕣 𝕒𝕟𝕕 𝕙𝕖 𝕘𝕠𝕥 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕙𝕠𝕠𝕡 𝕥𝕙𝕚𝕟𝕘𝕪
  11. @kitty-du3pl: OMg rewatching this and I just noticed the 13:35 'doggy dog world' reference
  12. @Daughterofhallownest729: Was that sealed vessel at 21:08
  13. @Demonslayerfan-Lover234: Isn’t it kinda funny that Jayden won like 2 Mr Beast games already?
  14. @mrxntjeil: 1:37 I see in the Mr beast video she has a footage ine the squid game and the last round
  15. @angelawang4778: Mr. Beast actually made a video so.........ya now u know 😅
  16. @umaivaarakkal: Guys Mr beast actually posted a video of 50 youtubers trapped in a school box fight for a million and when children came big issues what is the most she said her face but this but her didn't she didn't face reveal
  17. @Lucas-e2c4c: This wasn't the only time Jaiden was in a MrBeast video! ($200,000 Youtuber Battle Royale)
  18. @PRXMHYDE: Jaden, I live in North Carolina. I live there.
  19. @AbiK-f8w: We finally got a behind the scenes of Mr beasts vid i have always known that there’s drama behind the scenes lol
  20. @pessoaaquinavida: Eu tinha esquecido legal que o enaldinho tava aí

- Make This Video The Most Liked Video On Youtube: Kind: captions Language: en - This egg is the most liked Instagram picture. It is also on track to become the most retweeted tweet. It's time the egg gang begins its conquest of YouTube. Our goal is to make this the second most liked non-music video on YouTube. PewDiePie currently has the most liked non-music video on YouTube, and we don't want to steal a title from our king, that would be treason. So, our goal is to be which means we need 4.6 million likes. So, smash that like button. And now that we have that out of the way, it's time for the egg olympics. We have seven contestants and seven games. If you lose a game, you are kicked out of the egg olympics, and you get pelted by eggs. Last one in the egg olympics wins 10 grand. Our first competition of the egg olympics is a staring contest. Whoever stares at this egg, for the least amount of time loses, the other six people then proceed to the next game. And go. The first competition of the egg olympics. Who can stare at an egg the longest? Oh, oh, wait. - Oh! - And go. - You're at a minute, 50. - Everyone agrees that you- - Chandler, guy. - 1:58. Go. - No, you can't wear your hat like that. - No, take it off. - Man. - Don't blink, don't blink. - Dude, your eyes are so wide. - Oh, man, what am I at? - Oh. - I got him. [MrBeast] Go. [Chris] He's asserting his dominance. - I know, let's make it a little harder. - 41. - All right, let's see it - Okay, okay. - He has to go to class, trust for two minutes. - I like it. - He took one. - Oh, wait, wait! - I think that I'm gonna get like 25 seconds. - Go. - Jesus Christ, look at him. - He's about to blink. - Dude, he's under- - Oh no! - All right, guess your number. - My number is going to be- - Cool, go. - Yeah. Sorry, cause sorry... Oh, I blinked when I started talking. - Yeah. - What was that? - Thank you, Jesus, You're the God! - I started talking. - I don't want to be here anymore. - Hey, don't let him leave. - You can't force me! No! - All right, guys, in last place of the first game in the egg olympics was Ethan. It's time we pelt him. - Three, two, one, go. - I don't like this. - They're not even breaking. - Ethan, Ethan. - That's it, that's it. - Ceasefire! - All right, Ethan, quick interview. - I don't like this at all. That hurt so bad. - What are you gonna do now? - I'm gonna go home and shower. I'm filthy and my back sores. - Oh God. - All right, guys, there is now six of you left in the egg olympics. You have a one in six chance of winning 10 grand. This is a classic game of spin the bottle. If it lands on you, you're out. - Which one is Chandler? - Don't land. - Oh, rock, paper, scissors, you two. - Oh my God. - Rock, paper, scissors. - Wait, wait. - No! - Oh my God! - Nothing personal, man. Nothing personal. - I'm sorry. - He was the loser, so before we can proceed to the next game in the egg olympics, we must eliminate him. Have at it, boys. - RIP. - All right, arms down. - It's hard. - Five contestants remain. The next challenge is you laugh, you lose. Chris is up first. They all get to try to make him laugh. Whoever laughs the fastest, loses. Fill your mouth with agua. Jake is up. Start the timer. - No? You want the tampon tea? - His time was one minute and 24 seconds. Garrett is up next. - Its smell like broke in here. - Garrett, don't laugh. I swear, Garrett, don't laugh. You can't eat pop tarts forever milk, Bobby. I'm gonna be the next hokage, I'll tell you. - All right, four minutes and 18 seconds. - All right, it is Jake's turn. - Poggers. - It's not a joke. - He's delivering. He's in labor. His water broke. - Oh, my God, here's the child. [Speaker] You are the father. - I didn't want a baby. - Sir, I am trying to talk to you. - It's been a waste of time, so there's no point anymore. So, so far Chris is in position to lose. - Two, one. - For family- - Special Delivery. - For the Taylor- - Hello, delivery. - I smell pennies. - Bro, close the hair. Oh, he's going to kiss you. - I've already left. - I did it. - I've got something on my sleeve. - Bring your heat. - Warning, warning, warning, warning. - That, wasn't an excellent idea, was it? - You gotta look at it, is this your first time on camera? - Oh yeah, daddy. - It's been two minutes. - No, come on, he laughed. - Trying to prove my dominance over here. - Chris. - Yeah? I'm sorry you, the last minute. - It's whatever. - It was funny. Buddy said it was still funny. - All right, guys, on my count. - Three, two, one. Throw. - It hurts. - Hit my butt. - How are you feeling, Nani, you've lost? - I feel moisturized with eggs. Thank you for allowing us to get the most liked video on YouTube. - Okay, you wanna hug? - No, go away. - Sure? Anybody hug? - All right, now that Chris is gone, let's continue. There are two eggs right here. For the next round of egg olympics, it's a 2v2. Garrett and Chandler versus Jake and Dustin. Whoever gets hit by an egg first, loses, and then their team has to go against each other. Three, two, one, go. Everyone left at the same time. - Their team is safe. You two can leave. He destroyed your arm. - I didn't even look up and he hit. - All right, since you got hit first, you and Garrett have to 1v1 to decide who loses. Garrett's egg is right here. Chandler's egg is right here. Whoever gets hit first, three, two, one, go. - oh man. All right, you both missed. Round two. Also, before you guys go, Chandler what do they need to do? - Like the video. - All right, cool. They now have three eggs, but they can only throw 'em one at a time. No matter what you guys are still friends. - Oh no. Oh. - All right, Garett got hit. Chandler, you're gonna lose. Chandler, there's now you and two other people left. You win two more challenges, you win 10 grand. - I know. The last one was sketchy, but I pulled it out. - Man, you might win the egg olympic. All right, boys. Send your comrade out with honor. He fought valiantly. All right guys, three, two, one. Aww. - As tradition, the next thing in the egg olympics is twister. This twister is covered in baby oil, so it's extra slippery. After this there will only be two of you who will then compete for the 10 grand. And first you guys, left hand, yellow. Left foot, yellow. - That booty popping, dude. - Right foot, yellow. - He's gripping the paper as support. - No gripping paper, boys. Left foot, red. - Left hand, blue. - Right foot, blue. - I don't do this dude. - Jake, Jake, Jake. - Dude, look at Dustin right now. - Spin it! - Dustin, why are you- - Dustin what happened? What went wrong? - Couple bad placements. These challenges are no joke, very, very hard. You gotta prepare very long for these. - Chandler, you can win. - I can do it, man. - You two beat Dustin fair and square. Dustin, you lost. It's time for your punishment. Do what you will at him. One, go. - I got that. - Pause. Before we can continue with the egg olympics, we need to tell you about our sponsor, shopmrbeast.com. As you guys know, this is the fifth annual egg olympics in all five years Shop MrBeast sponsored the egg olympics. So, I hope you guys support shopmrbeast.com because without them the egg olympics wouldn't be possible. This video gets the most likes, I'll get ShopMrBeast tattooed on me. I don't think breaking the most liked non-music video is unrealistic, like, it might be possible, who knows. If we do that, you will get shopmrbeast.com tattooed on him. So, don't forget to smash the like and buy merch, because four random people that buy merch during the month of January will be flown out to be in a video. Don't forget about that. Back to the egg olympics. And now it's time to wrap up the egg olympic. It is time for egg roulette. Gentlemen, please go outside. They are both blindfolded. I'm gonna throw an egg in the air. They can move around within the boundary and whoever gets hit by an egg first loses. I'm gonna do a countdown, guys. You ready? - Wait, wait, wait. Three, two, one. - You both survived. Chris is gonna do a long one. Oh God, oh God. - Oh, oh, oh. - Bro, bro, bro. - So good. - That was so close. - Gentlemen- - Just so they know, I'm not looking at them. This is all over my back, so this is random. - I'm just gonna rapid-fire. - He hit him. - He hit him? - He hit him - No. - Yes! - Dude, this is not cool, man. You didn't know, I didn't know. - Dude, look at the egg warfare that went down. - You were angry for me. - I didn't do it, I wasn't even looking. - I just won 10 grand. That was the most terrifying thing I think I've ever been a part of. - There you go, 10 grand. - I don't have any eggs on me. - All right, you got a little bit baby oil. - Oh, it's fine. - It's the best prize. Punishing game, man. - Where's Chandler? - Over there. - Make sure you like the video cause we wanna get the most liked video ever. - Most liked egg. - Most liked. Right there. The most liked are right here. - It probably won't happen, but who cares? This is fun. - Chandler, you're making progress though. Next time- - Next time you won't be first loser. - And that is the conclusion to the world's first egg olympics. Jake, finish us off. - And there you have it. Jake beat the mighty Chandler. I mean, is anyone surprised? And Jake won $10,000. He is the victor of the fifth annual egg olympics. Make sure to smash like. Congrats, Jake, on winning 10 grand. And to you viewers I'll see you hard-boiled eggs later. Egg gang out! ♪ Mr Beast, oh ♪ ♪ Mom, we're out of bleach ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [521000 likes]: If you’re new here from youtube rewind 2019, subscribe or I will kick you!
  2. @prime_xi_edits [3 likes]: Anyone in 2026?
  3. @Blue_bor-9 [1 likes]: 30 million likes that's insane😊If tomorrow my YouTube channel gets 1k subscribers I am really to lucky
  4. @عبدالعزيزسكراتي [1 likes]: Where in 2026
  5. @AngelGomez-dk5xo [1 likes]: Aquí los que YouTube le recomendó
  6. @Kalif-d3q [1 likes]: 30 million 😮😮 omg
  7. @Nosexd-y7n [1 likes]: 0:30 the like function as peraonalized 💯🔥
  8. @cldali: I am the 309,385 comment...
  9. @BeePlayzRBLX: Even beluga talked about this video
  10. @motivation-5um: Guys eggs
  11. @CacahueteMC: 30 millions likes 💀💀
  12. @vikramrajput978: Moja milla
  13. @wrestlevoice: Anyone in 2026 may month
  14. @nrefinge: bet
  15. @Sniperbwaii-s9o: …
  16. @DivyaSarve-s9e: 30 milion likes💀☠️🗿
  17. @Laimm2002: mr beast tai
  18. @Discussionchess_c2: 30 MN LİKE
  19. @luztrejo3899: Alguien de
  20. @TheRealFingle: 7 years later and still didnt break the record. lock in

- How I Trapped 100 People In 100 Circles: Kind: captions Language: en I just uploaded a video where I had a hundred circles with a hundred people inside of them. All right, send the camera team in. All right. Send 'em. All right, can you guys cheer? And starting right now, I'm going to show you what didn't end up making the final cut. What goes into everything that we do, like building this giant $300,000 set with a massive crew making sure everything runs as smoothly as possible... whenever they can. Ohh! It hit a camera! Twenty one's down. I don’t know what he was thinking. Chaos is about to ensue. Make sure you get a good shot for the BTS. So if you haven't seen the original video, make sure to go watch it before this one. Is everyone mic'd up? Yeah. Okay. I'm ready. So I'll have them go in the spots and then I'm gonna say the intro, tell them to take their blindfolds off, and we’ll go. Jimmy! Yes, sir. How much longer? - Give us a couple more minutes. - Okay. Can you start practicing the intro? Behind me are one hundred circles... Behind me are one hundred circles, Behind me are a hundred contestants, last to leave... Wins half a million dollars! I've played these games before! I said, I've played these games before Why's he keep saying that? Now, as you saw in the main video, if you step out of your circle or touch the red line, you're eliminated. and if you're wondering how we make sure no one gets away with it, we have hundreds of cameras spread across the entire set. Not just to give our editors every angle they need, but to ensure we never miss a single elimination. There are cameras hidden in curtains, rigged to the ceiling, remotely controlled ones, multiple cameramen on standby, and 200 GoPros locked onto all the circles. Behind the scenes, an entire team is dedicated to watching our 100-plus camera setup in real time. And if someone is suspected of stepping on the red line, the footage is flagged and sent to a separate review station. I heard we had a...touch? Yep. Can I watch it real quick? This is the clip? This is it here. Watch it. It's TJ. I think that's his reaction from doing it. Okay, so then if-- you can at any point throw that on the screen? Correct. Then we can go ahead and turn the lights red. And then I'll walk out in three minutes, and I'll yell, "Put the video up" and that's when you put it up. Who touched it? Somebody touched it. How do we make this shot look good? Like, let's give us the ability to, we need cool B-roll cameras, tell the punched-in cameras to follow me, like-- I was thinking of- I walk out that thing and like, a gimbal. Where's the haze gonna be at? We're going to run the haze right here. Okay. And he's going to walk backwards? And I'm just gonna- He's going to walk backwards, and then part of the way down he's gonna track you from the side. Okay. All right! One of you have touched your circles already. If you'll look at that screen, that is your hand... That is. ...on the circle. I don't know how someone would get out first. I'm never leaving. Wait. Wait. Wait. Whoa! Wait! Wait. Chandler, I'm gonna be so... am I gonna have to talk to Tareq now? Yeah, sorry... 98 remain. That was- that was crazy Should we fill these circles in real quick? Yeah, we should do that too. Okay. Then do we do that with the lights red? Umm... yeah. It makes sense to do that with... No, I feel like it should be white, 'cause they're out, now they turn white, and then we film it, so turn the lights white . Go white? Go white. All right. Come on in, boys. Rus, make sure the shot looks good. Just um.. They're gonna fill in Chandler's circle All right. Welcome to BTS. We're gonna start showing you guys how we do all this stuff. What you normally see is those cameras over there, not... all of this. Lots of people doing a bajillion things. This is kinda actually depressing, though. I just saw this guy two seconds ago, bro. We were all happy and joyful. In case you're wondering how they use the bathrooms, we usually don't show this, but they have an army of porta-potties. I always get a bajillion comments, "The video's fake. They didn't leave the circle to pee." No, we just put porta potties in there Which, unfortunately, was why Big Justice decided to leave his circle and get eliminated What the heck is this? Aw, heck no. Big Justice got out! Okay. Porta-potty got someone out. - Look man, you did good. Love you. - Thank you. Here you go. What's this? Thank you! So I forgot to show you this in the main channel video, but all the contestants got 500 dollars for participating. On top of that, I also want to make sure our videos are as fair as possible no matter who you are, which is why we have a third-party compliance officer making sure the... ...game is played fairly, according to its rules in the manner it was described to you, and the general public. So I'm here today to make sure that all of you as contestants and the production stay on the right side of the law, because as you may or may not know, it is a federal crime to cheat or rig a gameshow. So I'm not gonna bore you guys with all the rules, but he's gonna be with us this entire video to make sure everything is up to standard. And he'll walk around if you have questions later You're good. All right. Now that you're out, you can help me host. All right. Bingo. Love it. Thank you Oh, Hey, what's up man? How you doing? Good to see ya, we should... No, no, no, no... - Hey, come back here. - Quit pulling on me. Interview me. Interview me! No. I wanna tell you something. I gotta talk to Gio Alright. Now that your biggest competition is out, AKA me, what are you gonna do? - Take this - This is a microphone. Take this. I wanna take that. So there is a chance in the edit it just goes, All right, I'm gonna let you all sleep. We'll play the first game in the morning. And- and that's, like, how the edit would go. Sure. And then it's just, like, a five-second timelapse and the first night-- While they were sleeping, seven people accidentally touched the red line. Yeah. So I'm just gonna say: Guys, we've got something very big planned, but it's gonna take, like, another hour... so I think... we're just gonna bring you all out your Lovesacs for the night and play the game first thing in the morning. That way everyone's energized, cuz I know it's getting late. Can you have em bring out Lovesacs to some of them to cheer them up? Tomorrow, we're probably going to start at, like... I'm down to start whenever. I'll literally sleep around here. Are we giving them blankets? Well, I don't wanna give em blankets because... It'll block? I don't wanna block the... I just want em comfortable. Can you talk to them, make them all happy? Make sure they're good? Let me know if anyone has problems. I mean, that is kind of lame, what I just said. But yeah, in the video, we're just gonna fly through all this. It will be fine. Holy. There's a lot of circles right here. If you look at the back of Lannan's shirt, he's lost over five million bucks. It's kinda cool just to see it. Like, it helps visualize all the people we've given hundreds of thousands of dollars to. I think collectively in this room, we've probably paid out to these people over ten million bucks Easily. And then someone's just about to get another five hundred grand. It's kinda crazy when you think about it. All right, tell everyone to clear out. Every person should just be off the set. All right. Everybody, are you ready for the first game?! So if you're wondering what these giant red cups are, this was actually the first challenge. But it only eliminated two people, so we ended up cutting it out. However, because these videos are all about what you usually don't see, I still wanted to show you a part of this challenge. Time is up. Write on your whiteboard which cup you think has the ball underneath it. Guard, can you push this one over? If you wrote 3, you're still in. Since only two of you got out, we're gonna start the next game right now. Guards, bring out some towers Towers? Are you guys ready to jump into the next game? All right. Everyone look over there. Jackson, close it and pull it open for the shot. And then you guys walk the second they open it. Guards! 3, 2, 1... Bring in the blocks. Here we go again! You might remember these blocks from Beast Games. That guard's eliminated. All right, take two. Guards! Bring out the blocks All right. They keep droppin' the blocks. Control room, throw up a 24-hour timer. When that 24-hour timer hits zero, the lights will turn red, and you will have exactly ten seconds to throw your dodgeball at someone else's tower. If you knock it over, they will be eliminated. And if you guys either prematurely throw the ball, throw a shoe, throw a water bottle, throw anything to get someone else's tower to fall. She knocked hers over. Your ball knocked her tower over? Yeah... Then you are eliminated. Then you're out instead of her. And the other tower gets rebuilt. They have compliance taking a photo of everyone's tower. They have to rebuild it the same way. Off of those very simple rules does everyone understand that? If so, raise your hand, please. Do you understand you agree to follow these rules and whatever else is to come? Good. All right. Make sure you tell your cameras what you're thinking. Chandler, you can't mess with Nolan. - All right... I mean, but.. - Yeah. Are you kidding me? Nolan! Grab the red starting block. Nolan, hurry up! You gotta hurry . Hey Chandler, chill. We have a compliance guy. Compliance, can we mess with Nolan? Just him specifically? Yes. Yes, you can. Is it against the law to sabotage Nolan? We have two eliminations. So it's... you see the girl over here to your left? And then one of the brothers - The Habibi brothers? - Yeah I need to see that footage before I go out there. All right, let's go to our cameras real quick This is gonna be good. Let's do it. This guy was a big, big deal in Beast Games We got this guy over here, which is blatant. Yeah. I don't know what he was thinking. He literally just grabs the thing. If you guys will look at the screen over here... Okay, replay What might be the most blatant elimination I've ever seen in my life. Now, a lot of these eliminations happened before they even had a chance to throw the ball at each other's towers. He touched the line! 45 just touched the line as well 45, copy that But some eliminations were a lot less straightforward than others. The issue is you're putting weight on it. Like, if you're picking it up, that's one thing, but you putting the pressure on it was making it different. Yeah So that's what's hard about this one 'cause he did this fully thinking it's within the rules, and since we never specified, we should probably go out there, make it super clear so going forward we can take a hard stance on it. So after clearing that up with the contestants, it was time to call it a day. But there was one more thing I wanted to do. All right. Do they have Episode 7 on standby? Yeah. They said, you can't even see it. Hell yeah. At the time of filming, Episode 7 of Beast Games just released, so what better way to end the night than to watch with three of the Beast Games contestants still left in the challenge. All right. The Lovesacs are out. You guys wanna watch Beast Games? Okay. And coincidentally, this was the same episode where Akira had to decide between saving three contestants or getting a free Lamborgini. The rules of this game are very simple. On the red tracks are three contestants. On the yellow track is your brand new Lamborghini So twisted. That is wicked. Turn your back. I hated that so much. Is the Lambo in the back of your thing? No it's not. Yeah. We didn't put the Lambo on the back of his shirt because we didn't want to spoil Beast Games. Now, of course, I can't show more of this episode in this video. But if you haven't seen the show yet, make sure to go watch all ten episodes on Amazon Prime. Akira, what'd you think of that episode? Look, that was the worst time of my life, and I hated rewatching that because it was the most gut-wrenching thing I have ever done. You got a Lamborghini. I don't- I know I got a Lamborghini. Only one person can win the five million. People gotta go out. So if you get more people out faster, it just gets you there faster. Do you still have the Lambo? Well, I, like, just got it today, so I think I... Yeah. We don't pay people till it airs, so... So everyone congratulate Akira on his new Lambo. Let's go! And it'll be out front when he gets out. You can drive it home. All right. Bed time. Before getting back to set, I actually had some viewers from Make a Wish come visit the studio. How's it going everybody? Hey guys! Do you guys know what we have planned for today? We're actually filming a video in the studio that I want you guys to come check out in person. These are the jerseys the contestants are wearing. When I was younger, someone in my family got a wish granted by Make-A-Wish, which meant a lot. It was a really special moment that made a big difference for us. So that's why I do my best to try and give back, because I know how much it can mean to someone. So the two GoPros there- you'll see. And it perfectly- shows the ring of the red circle, so -- Oh, yeah. So you can see if they went out? Exactly. So that's how we'll know if they step on the lines. That's how if someone does anything funny, we can capture it because we have cameras running 24/7. So that's the BTS here. And then now the other thing I want to show you is- I was telling them we have a person in a circle outside. We built a house, put a big circle around it, and if he loses 100 pounds, he wins a quarter of a million dollars. But, he has to do that before he leaves the circle. We've been filming it for months. Hi! Hey! Hi, guys! Well, I don't wanna show you too much of this since I don't wanna spoil it for you, but all I'm gonna say is this is currently the longest video we've ever shot, which might be filming for more than a whole year. Anyway, with the timer closing in on zero, let's get back to one of the most brutal parts of this video. All right. So this is a big moment in the video. Around ten minutes, they're all about to throw dodgeballs. I already know we're not gonna be able to pick up things in real time, so we have all our camera staff on standby. I think a lot of people are gonna get out, but one thing i've learned when filming these videos is usually what I think will happen, the opposite does happen, so... let's see. There's a couple people on my hitlist. She's my neighbor. It's Rayne. So, you told 'em that even– like, if I throw this with one second left, and it's in the air for, like, 10 seconds, what– if it hits a tower over, they're still out, right? Correct. Yes. Okay. And everyone's aware of that? Okay, let's head up. Everyone, have your dodgeballs ready! All-out war is about to ensue. Five seconds down. Five, four. Three, two, one. Go! Joey! Jeremy’s down! Jeremy. Thank you. Jeremy and Mark. PTZ’s, how many do we have down? We got three. Rayne. Hugo. Oh, Hugo’s out too? Cease fire, cease fire! Jeremy, Rayne, Mark, Arlene, and Hugo. You’re just gonna go stand between Hugo and Rayne. Be like, "The results are in." "Everyone turn their attention to the screen." All the clips are ready? If you can direct your attention at the screen. Hugo eliminating Rayne, and then in the process, he eliminated himself. What do you have to say for yourself? Maybe if she woulda cooked a little more in the bunker, helped out... Oh my, I'm taking the mic. Hold on, Hugo. Yes, he cooked for me, but it's because he wanted to, babies. - No, there's a, there's a lot going on. - No no no, I ain't finished. Ok. No, I ain’t finished! You two should just leave. Back to logo. Take the video off. I'm gonna be honest. There's still way too many of you. Get some rest while you can, because tomorrow, half of you are going home. It's just- you throw a ball. If it touches a person or someone else’s circle, then it's their, it’s their problem now. If you don't touch a person or circle, it's comin' back to you once the ball stops. And that’s literally that's it. And then when the lights turn red, if it's in your quadrant, you're out. And we have a determination for two balls in the same quadrant? And then- yeah, I'll say it. The predetermined tiebreaker is ten-minute window. We run it back with the three quadrants. So there you go. We have it pre-listed. Cool. Okay. Alright. Then let's do it. Right before this challenge began, I almost made a mistake that could have cost us this entire video. Can you- can you go look at their mics and make sure they can't tell the time on their mics? And can they tell the time on their GoPros? Is there any way they can tell the time in here? You see, this game completely relies on your ability to keep track of time in your head. Four... And at the very last second, we realized that the contestants could use their cameras to keep track of time. Yeah, you can see it on one of the GoPros. But there's one in each circle, so there's, I'm sendin' people out to tape them up ASAP. Can everyone on-set with a camera come over here to the entrance? I need someone to specifically stand here and make sure every camera that comes out has this stuff taped up. Our cameras have time codes so they're in sync. We covered it up. We also just covered up every GoPro. I'm makin' sure no one has any clue how much time is goin' by in here. This is gonna be an interesting game. Fifty percent of the remaining contestants are about to get out. A lot of progress here. When we get down to smaller numbers, we can build up these character more. You can really get to know 'em. The real show begins after this. All right. All cameras have been taped up. Raise your hand if you understand the rules. We need everyone to raise their hands. I am seeing all hands raised. Okay. Let's have some fun. Three. Two. One. Go! The 60-minute timer has begun. And as you saw in our main channel video, things got a little out of hand. Ah! Oh my god! Loose camera, 21's down. Throw it! Get rid of it! And after Pink Team's elimination in the tiebreaker round... Get it out of your quadrant! Oh, my god! I gave them a behind-the-scenes look at our production. Yeah, so it might not have felt like it, but we had, you know, 250 cameras pointed at you guys in that. Holy cow. Yeah, so we saw everything. And after eliminating everyone who stepped out during the tiebreaker game, we wrapped up day four. All right, we'll bring out the LoveSacs. I'll have another game in the morning. Okay, so we're down to top 23. I don't want to say I'm nervous for the next challenge. I think that's just general nerves, like when you're getting ready to compete. But hoping that this'll get it down to the top ten. Man, we're five days in, and the worst part is I'm gettin' so close to everybody. I don't wanna see any of you guys go. This is getting tougher and tougher, man. I miss my life, my wife, my bed. And I know I've said that, but I really do. Yellow team got out yesterday, and we're all really lonely. Hoping for a challenge soon. Come on, Jimmy. Give us something. Any minute, Jimmy could be walkin' through those doors with another challenge. We're Team Gio. Gio, top two? Top two! Come on, Jimmy, where you at, bro? We're ready. All right, everybody! Are you ready for another challenge? Do you wanna play one tonight? Yeah! No! No! No! I don't wanna get eliminated! Gio, don't you have school? Nah, I'm stayin' in here. This is so much better than school. Guards in the back, Bring out the balance beam! This challenge started out with one of the most insane eliminations of this video, with Arlene accidentally stepping out after she won. I celebrated too hard. You just weren't thinkin'? And after two hours of balance beam races and 13 more eliminations, we wrapped up day five with only ten contestants left. And to celebrate the top ten, we brought you guys all steak dinners. - Thank you so much, man. - There you go. And also, don't forget the best-tasting chocolate on the planet, Feastables. - Thank you - Grab ya a second one. Yes, please Grab ya a third one. Cookies 'n creme is my flavorite favor. Get it at your local 7/11, Target and Walmart. This is why I keep inviting Gio back. On day six, I decided to try a new kind of challenge. I'm going to let the ten of you pick the game yourselves. What? But to make sure everything was fair, we had to clarify some rules. It needs to be a game. It needs to eliminate half of them. It has to have definable rules. Definable rules and eliminate half of them that the compliance deems as a game. All right, everyone. Let me just clarify a few things. It actually has to be a game. Those are the three things. Definable rules, five people need to move on, if you said, "Oh, boys move on," that's not a game, we can't, that's not content, so those are the three things. And after making sure everyone understood the rules, I gave the contestants some time to figure out what they wanted to play. How about we do a bench press competition? I like chess. Could we do Fortnite? I mean, technically, yeah. But it was eventually decided that the five people who could stand on one foot the longest would move on. That's actually a really good idea. Obviously, me and the boys are gonna come around and talk to you. You do not have to respond. It's on you. Feel free to ignore us. It won’t hurt our feelings. We're gonna set up like 40 cameras to make sure we can see every inch of your guys's feet, so give us one second. that everyone watching the cameras understood the rules... Nothing below the ankle can touch the other leg. ...we were ready to start. Even though this challenge was so simple, it somehow turned into one of the most intense challenges of this video. How you holding up, Gio? Understandable. He is literally half an inch off the ground. - No! - There he goes. And after 40 agonizing minutes, He’s out. We were down to our top five contestants. The five of you are gonna have to choose between playing a game that will eliminate four of you, or never playing a game again. And whoever leaves their circle last wins that half a million dollars. I will see you this same time tomorrow. Whichever choice gets the most votes, we will do. Kind of wanted it to be, you know, winner take all, play a game. But, uh, I'm thinking I want it just to be last leave. Let's see who can stay in the circle the longest. No, guys, I have school. I'm gonna to have to leave at one point. ‘Cuz it's illegal to be, like, out of school for a certain amount of days. Sounds like a you problem. Sorry, I’m kidding. I’m kidding. And as you've already seen, a single tie-breaking vote determined that a game would decide who won the $500,000, which, obviously, not everyone was happy about. Hey, can you see my sign? This is what I really chose. You should have picked endurance. This is a cool way to do it, man. I'm actually really glad we did the game, though. That– what we were gonna do if you guys picked endurance is we were just... ‘cuz we have to tear the set down, but we were just gonna put you guys here, cut the set off here, and then tear everything else down. Both are equally good. But yeah, that would have been sick ‘cuz we've never had a true last to leave, like, that where it’s just whoever gets bored first. Well, that's fine. Hey, put me and Ronnie in the next one. We'll stay here for, We’ll stay here as long as you want. You guys have defeated 95 competitors, lived in these circles for over a week, and it all comes down to this. Gio. What are you doin'? Wipin' the sweat off. Oh, okay. - I'm very sweaty. - You’re that nervous? I'm very nervous. But like, excited nervous. I gotta go for Akira first, man. I think Akira is coming for me. 100%. He's not gonna to say it out loud, but I think he's intimidated by me for sure. Ronnie was right. But unfortunately, his goal of getting Akira out may have cost both of them $500,000. I shoulda knocked him out. One, fire! Akira and Ronnie both got hit. Oh, my gosh. All right, Akira got hit right here on the side. And if you look over here, Ronnie also got hit. I feel like you shoulda been standin' there instead of the cardboard. - You're good a shot, too. That was crazy. - Yeah, bro. All love, man. Yeah, I- I’ve never done paintball before. I play laser tag at home, so like... And out of the three remaining contestants, Gio was quickly becoming the most dangerous landing shots on both Alicen and Noah. Gio landed a hit! So when it got down to the final two contestants, it was pretty obvious that Noah was starting to get nervous. That was six misses in a row? I'm worried. I mean, that's an understatement. I'm worried that, you know, you're gonna watch this video and regret in this moment not locking in and hitting Gio. I cannot believe this, but the next shot wins half a million dollars. Until compliance confirms the winner, don't step on your circle. Even if you hit them, they might have hit you. If you stepped out, you would be out. Just to be clear. Three. Two. One. Fire! Oh my god! Oh my– You gotta hug him! You won! You won! Hug your dad! Your son just won half a million dollars! Oh, my goodness. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Bro, how does that not make you cry? ‘Cuz I didn't win it. Yo, my God! Yes! Let’s go, bro! What a champion, bro. That’s what I’m talking about. And if you're wondering what Gio thinks about winning $500,000, we actually asked them about it at their hotel before the challenge even started. Is there anybody here you think maybe doesn't deserve to win that money? Honestly, and I'm gonna be completely honest with you guys. Me. And that's because I am literally, I don't know what anything is. I don't have a job. I don't have nothing. There was no reason for me to get this money, but I'm gonna do it just for the sake of it and be the first 12-year-old now to win.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [10000 likes]: Subscribe if you like seeing behind the scenes!
  2. @ytrohitislive: Love you mr Beast
  3. @ytrohitislive: Hello MrBeast 🤍
  4. @ArmindaPereira-z9g: Hola
  5. @ArmindaPereira-z9g: 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  6. @SikDScene: hands up for my beast
  7. @fannycarlinarozo8893: Llegué a pensar que era una niña.
  8. @praizeagnes: It takes the faith of a child to see heavens glory
  9. @Billy-jackLever-i2h: We are above the dentists offices😂❤😂🎉
  10. @AshfurJaman-h5p7m: lol exposing gio at the end.
  11. @ShaikhAfjal-ls1qg: Good ❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @JudeJafar-e6b9o: Mano sou de Moçambique ajuda um iPhone ai 🙏
  13. @mourareis4612: Quero participar
  14. @mourareis4612: Me chama 😢
  15. @BeavisGanteng: I thought NOAH was RONEY
  16. @bernybracknell6925: Vous avez laissé un gamin de 6 ans gagné 500 kCFA! C'est une blague ?!
  17. @bernybracknell6925: Hugo et Rain 😂 les mecs vous avez déjà 350 k$ à chacun
  18. @sandeep_editzz-n1: 🎉🎉
  19. @ZurnaCalanDavul: ❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  20. @DiepanhTran-e3e: ❤❤❤❤❤❤

- 7 Days Stranded In A Cave: Kind: captions Language: en I don't normally do intros like this, but I'm currently descending hundreds of feet into a cave that runs over five kilometers deep into the Earth, and whether we like it or not. As soon as my friends and I touch the ground, we are officially stranded here for the next seven days. That might have been the scariest thing I've ever done. First things first, we got to get really far away - from where we rappelled down. - Why? If it storms, this entire area could flash flood, fill up like an ocean, and potentially drown us all. Which is why we're going deep into the cave to set up base camp. Oh, this is just wicked. Dude, this is like a different world. This cave entrance may be beautiful, but looks can be deceiving. We didn't know it yet, but the next seven days will by far be the hardest of our entire lives. Worst idea ever. All right. It's going to get dark in a couple hours. If we don't have a camp, we're screwed. Okay? You don't have any idea where you're going. We're just looking for flat ground to set up camp. Upon entering the mouth of the cave. We stumbled upon an area with high enough elevation to protect us from any flash flooding, meaning that it was perfect for camp. - Perfect is a crazy word. - Good enough, is what I would use. Good enough for camp. We spent the rest of day one grabbing our supplies that we were dropped with. Each one of these bags weighs like 80 pounds. And as you can see by the footage, we spent around four hours. This is very hard to traverse. Getting all of it back up to our base camp. All right, we've got some lights on in here. Our supplies are finally at our home base. And if you point the camera over there, you'll see it's pitch black. It took all day. And so we set up the bare minimum for camping grounds. We drilled holes to hang up some ropes. Grab this. Pull yourself up. It looks like the ropes will be able to support hammocks. And with the help of our survival guide, Joel, we hung our hammocks. This thin rope is what holds up my hammock? Yeah. Ate some dinner and prepared for a very cold night one. Not gonna lie, this hammock is way more comfortable than I thought it would be. Hey! Oh, God. Why is my head so big, bro? This cave is 2.5 kilometers deep, and we're basically camping at the entrance. Tomorrow, we have a lot of exploring. How'd you guys sleep? - Horribly - I didn't. It's a very perplexing environment. The caves constantly dripping water on us from above. So we put a tarp over us. But even still, the water's dripping into our hammocks. I have an idea. Let's make our shelter actually good. I say we connect these tarps so we stay dry while we're sleeping here. That's literally genius. I'm not just a YouTuber, okay? My hammock gets out right here. Are we serious right now? This is where I just got out of bed. And we didn't realize it at the time, but this hole is almost 40ft deep. So while Shawn and I got started on the super tarp, Mack and Karl went to see how dangerous this hole was for themselves. You see my hammock up there? That is where I slept. Now look at this. And because everything looks the same, and it's probably pretty hard to follow us in this cave. On this map, you could see our home base and how far they're moving away from it. - All right, Mack. It's been real, bro. - Bro, this is crazy. Well, the boys are randomly exploring. Me and Shawn actually have to work on the camp. Why is there a sleeping bag over here? Because it smelled like pee. Lesson number one, don't rent your sleeping bags. Why did we rent sleeping bags? Why did we not just buy sleeping bags? We're zip tying the tarps together to create one mega tarp. Don't mind me just trusting this rope with my life. And meanwhile, Mack and Karl were still in a hole. Oh my God, Mack. And eventually they finally made it to the bottom. We're supposed to be working on camp. We just want to show how dangerous camp was. Just don't fall. It's a skill issue. Oh, okay. And even though they should have been on their way back, Karl and Mack insisted on seeing how deep they could go. Bro, this just looks so crazy. You think you can make it through the river? But little do these two know, this river actually runs throughout the entire cave. Which means we'll be spending some time in it. Oh, there they are. - Tell me you guys cooked. - We cooked. That's right. - A new home, am I right? - Let's go. - We now have a roof. - Look at this. I'm not going to lie, you actually kind of cooked. And we moved the fire pit to this little cove we found. What do you think? - It's warmer. - It's cozy. These rocks trap the heat here and block the pee from the rocks above. It's not pee. - What do I call it? - I don't know, maybe rain or something. But it's not rain. It's rock. Hey, point it up, do you see clouds? No. You see rocks. It's not rain. - Rock pee. Rock pee, fine. All right, it's rock pee. And after a much drier night of sleep, we decided to have Joel, our survival expert, help us get all the way to the end of the cave. - Cave! Cave! Let's see how deep in the cave we can make it. Now, keep in mind, we are still just at the beginning of this massive cave. And our goal is to make it all the way through it, without dying, of course. Oh, my gosh, this is kind of steep. You ain't seen nothing yet. We're going deep in the cave. - All right boys, suck in your guts. - This is where things get tight. I don't actually think I'm going to fit. The interesting part about cave exploration is one second you're barely fitting through cracks in the rock. Oh, my God, this is so tight. And then the next, you're in a massive chamber so big that in order to see it all, we had to do this. Oh my God. I can actually see now. This is awesome. This thing is bright. Well, look at how cool this is. Yeah! - So bright I can't even look at it. - I'm getting blinded. Oh, no. In hindsight, we probably didn't use that the most effectively. Lead the way. And so we continued on. Feel free, there's a really good handle up the top there. And then you can sort of swing a foot around onto this one. Yeah, yeah, perfect. Joel, the best caving guide ever. No one's died yet. All right, guys, this is where things get interesting. What? What is this? So from this point on, wetsuits. We're going for a swim. Yesterday, Mack and Karl were joking about doing this, but the rest of this cave adventure takes place in a freezing river. Oh my gosh, this is insane. Meaning wetsuits are the only way to not get hypothermia. Why are we doing this? This is a once in a lifetime experience. Because you die after you do it. So in order to get to the end of the cave, we have to hop in this river and fight the rapids through this tiny hole in the rocks and carefully squeeze our way through. Take your time. It will take your feet behind you a little bit. All right. I'm getting in the river. You wanna follow the wall around to the left. It’s so cold! You got it, Jimmy. I don't know if I fit. Jimmy, I need you to pull yourself up out of the water. What's crazy about doing this, Oh, it's so cold. Is when you're completely submerged in freezing cold water. Gripping onto the rocks becomes incredibly hard. Oh, my gosh, that was crazy. Mack, Karl, let's go. I'm scared, bro. You got this. - Bro. - Keep going. Look how crazy this is, dude. And even though this obstacle was difficult, it's nothing compared to what's up ahead. We did it! - Cave, cave, cave. - Cave, cave. Hey, boys, we're now 10% done. Which means we've only scratched the surface of this expedition. And we still have over two kilometers remaining to reach the end. As you can see, it rains in this cave 24/7. So I'm making a chill spot for us to hang out and not get wet. I wonder what I would look like if I wasn't here to build all this. Pretty sure they'd just be sleeping in a pile on a wet rock. It's important that we keep moving now that the bodies are wet. Temperatures are going to drop quickly. Why is this so difficult? The worst part is, every inch we go this way is an inch. we got to go that way to get back to camp. Our next obstacle may be out of the water, but that doesn't make it any easier to get through. Is that a spiderweb? Spider? I don't see the spider. That means it's probably on us. It's on you. It's on you. I hate my friends. This cave is like a MrBeast video. The further you go, the harder it gets. Just straight up. If we didn't have Joel, I'd be dead. And after three hours, Joel had some bad news for us. The water is too high, and we've taken too long. We're gonna have to turn around for today and head back to camp. I disagree. You can't disagree with the safety expert. we can't really disagree. It turns out we wasted way too much time filming and playing with flares, to the point where we now had to restart and attempt this mission another day. Shawn, we're back. What'd you do while we were gone? Hopefully nobody gets wet now. - I didn't even know we packed lights. - Yeah, they're awesome, right? Sadly, we only made it 20% through the cave today. But mark my words, we will go the distance in a future day. - I doubt it. - That's not going to happen. We might rest on day four and then on day five, try to go all the way to the end of the cave and see what's there. Day three was a lot of fun. I'll see you guys tomorrow. And after a third miserable night in the cave the next morning, we only had one thing in mind. A hot shower would literally save my life right now. Oh, showering would be awesome. I haven't showered in three, four days. As you can imagine, showering inside a cave isn't easy. We had to hike all the way back to where we rappelled in to safely reach the riverbed. I feel my brain. I've never felt my brain like this. My forehead is frostbite. Let's use the drone to dry our heads off. - Come here, drone. - Stop, stop! It's actually working. Yeah, it is working. Who needs a hairdryer when you have a drone? And after we dried off, we sat down with Joel to plan our journey. - What is this, Joel? - This is the map of the cave. Last time we had to stop because of the fast moving water. But the rains have been slowing, so we might just get a window to reach the end by tomorrow. This is going to be wild. First, we'll need to pass some of those same rapids from yesterday. Dive off massive cliffs and avoid jagged rocks. And if we can make it past all that, we will finally make it to the beautiful glowworm chamber. Don't tell us what that looks like. - I want us to be surprised. - Do you think we're going to make it? No, let's not play that game. We're all going to make it. With tomorrow's plan thoroughly mapped out, we've rested up and made Feastables s'mores to regain our energy. Everyone cheers! Joel's about to have his first Feastables s'more. All right, Joel, be honest. That's good. - Joel approves? - Joel approves. Why didn't we whip this chocolate out earlier? This just got, like, ten times more fun. Guys, for real, if you've never tried s'mores with Feastables, you're really missing out. Tomorrow we're going to explore the entire cave. We'll see you guys then. So we tried to sleep as much as we could and prepare for tomorrow's journey We're about to embark on one of the most dangerous journeys of my life. Because of our experience from day three and focusing less on filming, we were able to make progress way faster. Ooh, this water's cold. Just like the other day, bro. Nice bro, easy. And to ensure our best chance of survival. In addition to Joel, we brought another survival expert with us. This is where we had to stop on day three. How are we doing? We're making much better time! Behind us, it's pitch black. Where do we go? This area gets narrower, the currents strong. So we're going to use the walls and gonna climb our way along. So here we go. Oh, God. Yeah. Jump to that first rock, There's a couple of good rocks around the corner as well you can get a hand onto. - It's so dark down here. - There's no bottom right now. My feet aren't touching the ground right now. Because we couldn't reach the ground. This meant that if we let go now, we could get swept away by the strong current directly beneath us. Joel, what are we doing? I would go into here if you can. That's a good one. I can't even see where I'm going, Joel. The current is taking me away. How do I do this? You've got to get yourself in there and it's going to get way gentler. - I go in here? - Yeah, in the hole. Yeah! Well done. This might be the most insane thing we've ever done. We are much deeper in the cave than we've ever been. And we're now approaching our first serious obstacle. Basically, the water's recirculating, so if you fall in, it takes you to the bottom and it keeps you there. If we fall, we would die. - Yeah. - Okay, so death is on the table? This is just not what I thought I was signing up for. Well done. Yeah! Over! - So now I put my foot here? - Yeah! Correct. - Oh, yeah. - Woo! Caving is a lot harder than I thought. You can tell how strong this river is because it created this entire cave. And fun fact, we're not as strong as a cave. I'm barely as strong as a human. Well, fortunately for us, rather than Karl leading this expedition, we've got the literal avenger, Joel. And just to prove how much of an expert he is, this man literally flexed on us by jumping off a cliff. Oh my god. You're crazy. Who else is a bit crazy? Surely one of you guys are keen. I'm crazy. No shot, you want to do that. What are you talking about? I'm doing it right now, baby. Let's go, Joel. Godspeed, Mack. After everything Jimmy's put me through, this ain't that scary for me. Three. Two. One. Are you doing it? No. We've got to keep going or we won't hit the end. We go downstream? Why are we always fighting the current? I might just start drifting away. I might just give it up. There are sharp rocks underneath the water. You cannot see them. So watch your step. - Oh my God. - It's getting deep again. I can't, I need to put my feet on something. And if the sharp rocks weren't enough of a challenge. It seems like with every step we took. Bro! I can't see anything. This is terrifying. The caves became darker, tighter and ruthless enough that we began to question if we could even get to the finish line. This is exhausting. This cave is about to get a lot harder. And I have something I need to show all of you. Joel, can I see your bag? Thank you. You know what you've been carrying? What have I been carrying? The brand new... MrBeast Lab Swarms. I'll be honest, guys. As you can see, because of what I've been going through for the past five hours, I'm clearly in no shape to tell you about this right now. And so, a month after we filmed this, I built an entire cave set threw on my Future Jimmy name tag, and then said: hey, Future Jimmy here, and I'm going to tell you about my brand new toy line up, MrBeast Lab Swarms. It's a collectible toy line with over 119 uniquely designed characters that you can collect. And the coolest part is to find out which character you got. You pour water into this tube, shake it up, and the swarms will appear in front of your very eyes. And to demonstrate the product, I made this giant life sized version of the swarms tube, fill the tube with water. You won't need this much water. This is just a giant tube. All right. And now that this is filled with water, Mack's going to give it a little shake. Is it shaken up enough? I think it's shake it up enough. Then you pour out the water. Do the honors, Joel. And out of the water will be revealed. which two swarms you got. This is the rarest one, the hyperchrome. That I only made a thousand of. Joel, you can have it. - You can have that one. - Who does Karl get? I only have two. If we didn't just stop with the swarms. We also made these action figure panthers that are in these briefcases and this mutator that, just like the swarms, has a really cool reveal when you buy it. Where do I buy them? I'm glad you asked, MrBeast's Labs Toys are now available everywhere in the world you buy toys. They're all out now. Go give them a try. And after more brutal trekking throughout the cave, we finally arrived at the glowworm chamber. Man, this better be worth it. All righty team. Welcome to the glowworm chamber. Holy crap! That is crazy. Dude, this does not look like it's Earth. All of the lights you see here are actually created by tiny bioluminescent glowworms. That kind of looks like the Milky Way galaxy. At this moment, this view honestly made that trek worth it. While making it to the glowworms was definitely worth the trip, our journey was still not over because we had to go all the way back to base camp. It's almost day six. They're not back and I'm exhausted. I don't know if I'll be able to sleep though, just worried with them being gone so long. The trip back is way easier because we're just floating with the current. Now, because you guys have already seen the trip, we're going to expedite the way back. But seriously, this whole journey took so long. We crossed into day six before reaching camp. Shawn. What's up guys? I was starting to get worried. Happy day six Day six. Let's go. All we had energy to do was thaw out by the fire and finally eat some food. That was a very adventurous day. Or later today, it is day six. Yeah, maybe today, I don't know. Despite being physically obliterated from our excruciatingly long hike, no matter what I did, I was really struggling to fall asleep. I spent seven days in solitary confinement, seven days buried alive, seven days on a raft. And I'm going to be honest, I think this is harder than all of those. You're constantly soggy and cold. I just keep hitting my body on these hard of rocks and it hurts. 90% of the time this cave is miserable. But between me and you... - Jimmy! - Yo! Karl, can you see me? That's the world's brightest flashlight. There are moments of fun in this cave. From conquering rapids 300ft underground. With me and the boys laughing in our hammocks. All the misery is worth it. Because when you're in good company. Let's make whale noises. This wet, cold, rocky, miserable cave can easily transform into the most beautiful trip of our lives. We cannot leave until everything is picked up. And when I say everything, I mean everything. Let's get out of here. And after our journey back to the mouth of the cave. Oh, it looks so good up there. We had one more surprise for Joel. Before we head out, Joel, as a show of gratitude. We got you 50,000 New Zealand dollars. So it's ten grand for every human you didn't let die. Oh, gosh. Thanks so much, Jim. Let's go. Joel! We love you, Joel. Now that we got that out the way, let's leave. After seven long days, we're finally leaving.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [163000 likes]: What survival challenge should I try next?
  2. @melitaex [1 likes]: Ronaldo is coming😂😂😂😂
  3. @PubliCastMarketingNicaragu-v4s [1 likes]: Programon
  4. @LeonelDelarosaruiz [1 likes]: mr. beas es lo mejor bro 0:14 0:16 0:17 0:17 0:17 0:18 0:18 0:18 0:18 0:19 0:19 0:19 0:19 0:20 0:20 0:20
  5. @Dikel_Tripura [1 likes]: Love from Bangladesh ❤
  6. @NeerajChourasia-j3v [1 likes]: Pagalpanti hai
  7. @AsadunnobieSaom [1 likes]: NO-ONE DIED YET  like whaattttttttt
  8. @RajibMama-i6f: How
  9. @paolavega-r5i: mandalos para venezuela
  10. @oriskindejoy3198: Did you really do that
  11. @EzgihediyeArtan: Ben çikolatayı denedim normal sütlü çikolata
  12. @KellyKlaczik: What about the camera man? He’s suffering also he’s doing crazier stuff because he’s holding a camera.
  13. @matthewroscoe7254: come to north wals and stay in the woods the sould be dedly animals there from 11 year old eira
  14. @Jsip-far: Ronaldo is coming😂
  15. @TermoIdraulica-v8u: Ciao
  16. @bobi_akther12: I love MrBeast ❤
  17. @laminehdiri: suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
  18. @MuhammadArsalan-s8s: Fake video
  19. @King_of_Mercenaries: I'm surprised that U keep showing me how crazy you are
  20. @kavitagarg2062: ❤❤❤

- MrBeast’s Marketing Techniques: Kind: captions Language: en he'll take four friends who buy a Lambo and be like put your hand on this Lambo first person a last person to have their hand on this Lambo keeps the Lambo he'll take four friends who buy a Lambo and be like put your hand on this Lambo first person a last person to have their hand at this Lambo keeps the Lambo have you seen this guy mr. beast do you know that is love mr. Bies so if you don't know who mr. beast is he's this youtuber who's grown like crazy in the last like 18 months really new he's like a new guy but he's blown past I don't know how many subscribers but maybe tens of millions of subscribers now and his whole thing is he's just like it just gives away money to people well like he does challenges but like typically he'll give away cars so for example he goes to a used car dealership and he buys ten cars which each car is probably five or ten thousand dollars right maybe he's in 40 or 50 grand on this thing and people come to buy the car and the and he acts like the salesman and the lady will be like alright this car looks good and he goes ok here and he gives her the keys he goes no it's yours right and they film it and this the reaction it's kind of like that like it has a feel-good element to it cuz you see people who are like no way like what it's guilty he'll go to a restaurant and leave a two thousand dollar tip on a ten dollar bill and they're like people break down crying and then sometimes it's funny where he'll be like he'll person last person to have their hands on this Lambo keeps the Lambo and they just for two days straight they just have their hand on this thing they're passing out and they you know he may he turns onto YouTube content and he's brilliant because he gets brands to pay for the whole thing so this one brand quit are quit or quit it's not the toothbrush it's like this like stickers trading cards thing on online at least quid quid has given this guy you know they'll just put up the 50k he does the challenge he spouts out quid and they're happy for it because their videos are getting like millions of views and so it's way better branded content than usual and so he basically took brand money and parlayed it into being like huge which is pretty crazy yeah and he even do a thing where he raised a hundred million twenty million dollars for trees shrimp plant a tree and the founder of Shopify Game one hundred or sorry a million Ilan gave a million yeah and he raised 20 million dollars in two weeks yeah and I have a friend who talked him on the phone the other day to do a campaign and he was like what friend Jason said Jason Hitchcock shoutout to Jason so he was like you know talking to him and I when he can't phone he's like yeah I talked to mr. B's really cool like talk to his agent or whatever and he described he's like you know one weird thing happens which is didn't plan for this you know sort of success you get the success but the YouTube game is such that you kind of need to top yourself every time probably getting exact and so he's like dude the stress of like okay we gave away a Lambo through this like crazy thing next week what do I do like okay it's just this constant bar or a sink which is really tough so when we first launched our company I get a phone call from Elizabeth Murdock you know who Elizabeth Murdoch is Rupert Murdoch's daughter yeah okay just a big shot and she was like hey you guys want to do these videos I'm launching this new thing and I need video content and I was like no that's not what we're trying to do but let's say friends and shoot the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and she was okay well I'll find someone else so she finds someone else to do it and they started a YouTube channel and that YouTube channel is now called yes theory I've heard of yes they heard of it yeah they got 5 or 6 million subscribers and I've become friends with them over the years and they have a I mean they're like famous so like legit famous I don't I have no idea if it's a good business but I bet you they make they could each pay themselves a million dollars a year so pretty good for young people pretty good for anyone and each week they're having to do crazy and crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they've had to do this for three years now every video is like I went to the most remote island in the world right myself and it's three guys now and they're like taking turns over doing crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it's the crazy stuff was like I asked my uber driver if she wants to go to Paris and we went straight to Paris and went there and now they're like doing variations of that it's like oh my god it's like jackass if Stevo and the Jackass crew had YouTube and like they would have to do this every week like we were just lucky that they were lucky that the cadence was like you know seasons of TV or a movie because when it's weekly it's just insane which is why Casey nice tat Logan Paul Jake Paul all these guys eventually peace you know they do this daily grind for so long but they burn out like the content burn out is crazy for sure it's not gonna happen to us though well it's not gonna happen to us we just sit and do nothing I don't like having to get on a plane and like or like Logan Paul you gotta like yell at someone or like go break up with a girlfriend every week you're gonna go back someone [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MyFirstMillionPod [3 likes]: Have you heard of MrBeast?
  2. @hellonhead5905 [1 likes]: Why this guy got no views? 🤔
  3. @drumkidlatmusic [1 likes]: 1.3k views and 7 months ago? And I'm only the 3rd comment?
  4. @ArtbyEzec [1 likes]: 40mil actually 😭

- MrBeast Isn’t Cute. Here’s His Brutal Business Lessons.: Kind: captions Language: en let's go so here we go I have it here this is the Mr be secret I don't know if I should be concerned and I guess you faked going to college oh that that's the juicy one on your 100th video you wrote your stats I did do that I remember that it's not like at 100 you were rich and famous people say it takes $10,000 from master or something I'm I'm like that's when you start but you know like nobody does this right I don't understand why so we want to do an exercise to see if I can come up with a viral idea but with a budget of $1,000 yeah exactly so we're going to do a random or a generator well they're going I think this is great all right so they gave us the word grandmother so what's a viral idea with a grandmother I mean bro if you actually want like a mega [Music] Banger it do what's up how's it going boys hey how you doing let's go what I like about you is that your approach to whether it's YouTube selling chocolate losing weight whatever it is yeah you have a certain mentality I think you were differently I think in 20 years I'm going to be able to look back I'm going to show my kids and be like yeah wait before Jimmy was President you you came on my podcast we said at this little table I honestly think you're wired differently and I want to share those with audience that anybody could use whether you want to be a swimmer you want to be a YouTuber you you want to be a business person whatever I also called your assistant called your your thumbnail guy your girlfriend they didn't even tell me that what and so here we go I have it here this is the Mr B secrets and so I don't know if I should be concerned we're going to go through these These are nine of what I consider to be your rules now you could tell me if if these are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh are you making this a game me here you go so we're gonna play this game and each one of these is to me a rule of Mr Beast it's something we've seen about the way you operate and I want you to kind of talk about these so this is number one okay burn the boats burn so burn the boats your mom wanted you to go to college and I guess you faked going to college you pretended to go what what is the story oh that that's a juicy one so well first off we didn't have the kind of money to go to a real college so it's was just like a free Community College um but yeah my mom because she grew up pretty traditionally they you know military worked her whole life but then 2008 she lost everything when the your real estate collapsed and so lost all her savings and stuff like we we went bankrupt and had to file for bankruptcy like so she's like very paranoid she just wants her her kid to like go get a job and like not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and not do any she's very risk adverse and so that was a constant tug and pull because I'm like I'm going to be YouTuber or homeless and she'd be like but then you could be homeless I'm like okay I mean it is what it is I don't care um I'm going to be a YouTuber and she it just never clicked in her head and to her it's like if he doesn't get a college degree he's like my son's a failure I just wasted 18 years like he's he's not going to be able to provide so for her it was like either college or my life's ruined because that's just how her brain's wired and because she um went through so much and so when I was like I don't want to go she was just like then leave get out of the house like I can't I just can't bear the side of my son just sitting around and in you know just throwing his life away and I didn't have enough money to move out so I was like Frick and luckily the community college is so cheap it's not like she was wasting money on it so I was like okay I'll go to college and then I mean I just flat out lied to her like I was like I'll I'll do it but you know I had no intention of actually doing it and so I went just to see what it was like and I was like well maybe I'm like being a little dramatic and I went to class for like a week horrible it was so boring I mean I swear like the teacher was just reading out of the book and I was like why why do I have to I could just read the book like what are we doing you know and I said that to some of the people around me and they're like yeah that's what education is stop complaining and I'm like I just was my head hurt and so then I was like it is what it is like I have like a six-month time clock where I have to make enough money where I can move out because once my mom knows I'm I'm screwed she's gonna kick me out of the house honestly I would want to leave the house because it's I know it's going to make her depressed and and very sad and so you just didn't go after that yeah so I would go every day go and then I would just sit like this like at a really old like Dodge Durango that was super used with a lot of miles and I would just sit in the Dodge Durango and like edit videos and I film at night and i' would you come back and be like school was great yeah I was just like yeah you know she like how's college and I like you know and then and I just wouldn't tell her that I'd stop going but you burned the boats you're like all right I got six months exactly I got to either make it or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] somehow I figured it out I don't even remember um but we I had a month where I made 20 grand um right before it was time like the the window was almost up and then I just told my mom I just like I haven't been going I'm failing I found a place down the road it's 700 bucks a month sorry she's like all right hey real quick I'm trying something special for this episode let me know if you like it we were talking to Jimmy and before these episodes I do 30 40 hours of research and prep and I make detailed notes that for me make it super easy to remember all the key takeaways well for the first time I'm actually going to give those notes to you so you can get them for free in the description below it's my notes the key take aways from this episode go ahead and grab it it's down in the description below is this kind of a strategy for you where you're like I don't think it's a strategy it's more my personality I'm a very obsessive person like I If you told me to like do a hundred things I would struggle at it but if you told me to think on this one thing every second of the day for the next 10 years like I can do that pretty easily so I like to just obsess over something I like to dream about it wake up think about it think about it think about it think about it think about it more work on it work on it work on it think about it think about it dream about it and just do that every single day like that to me comes very naturally so what was your observation we just went to Walmart with Jimmy did jimy your we we haven't talked about this most your audience probably does know I sell chocolate we have a febles it's a chocolate company and um I'm sure we'll go into that at some point yeah Fe this episode is brought to you by feal so I took him to a Walmart just because it's my favorite thing to do in my free time I go walk up and down chocolate aisles and different retailers and so I brought him alone he was telling us everything about merchandising everything not just about Feasta bles but about competitive chocolate companies he was showing us like talking numbers sales dude I thought like influencers it's just like you give them a product they're like oh this okay guys hey buy this you know the chocolate game inside and out he was in the aisles like reconfiguring the SKS making everything straight I like landed in DC for a layover to them fly to North Carolina and then I got off the plane to go to my connecting flight and I was like wait a minute and I just opened up like Google Maps and I searched Walmarts and I was like I could just drive there and hit 25 Walmarts on the way home and so then I it was like 10:00 a.m. and then I just skipped my connecting I just rented a car and I drove from DC visited every Walmart on the way to North Carolina I didn't get home till like 900 p.m. and I just like it was like I the CE Hershey's has uh has done that ibly not I wonder if he's doing it and then the guy your friend who was like have you gone to Walmart with him they're like he's like yeah I don't know Jimmy has like a badge like if something's out of stock he just goes in the back and restocks it himself did they give you like do you have some way of like well it's a it's a vendor license so a lot of people have vendor license like beverage like Coca-Cola they so they have a xes Network you can fit like theoretically 10,000 chocolate bars in a pallet you can only fit 500 Cod cans so it's like a lot harder to store 10,000 cans of coke than has 10,000 chocolate bars so for that they have Coke trucks that some Walmarts they go to every single day and they'll just take the product and go put it in the back for the Walmart employes and then they'll go stock to shelves and everything so they Walmart's pretty transparent about that which I was when I first got into the cpg game I was like no shot like they're just going to let us do it but yeah if your product's out stock on the shelf and you have a vendor license you can go in the back scan hand it in and put it on the Shelf smart yeah I mean you could argue it's not a good use of your time and I don't know why I do it it's kind of therapeutic I just love going to Walmarts and fixing the product and I like just observing it like what it looks like on the Shelf seeing what the competition is doing just seeing who's grabbing it and buying it it's like those memes like men won't go to therapy but they'll do this this is your thing organize a chocolate Island Target or Walmart so let's do uh rule number two this one uh go ahead you can we can reveal this I think you know what this one is Rule of 100 I I gave it a name so this is I'm going to quote you on this so this was somebody you know I'm sure you could ask this a million times okay how do I you what advice do you have for me as a YouTuber how do I be successful on YouTube and you said this thing that to me was like every Creator should print this and put it on their Wallies everything you go look your First videos not going to get views period your make 100 videos improve something every time on the 100th one then ask questions to me that's the rule of 100 is before you come ask for advice it's like have you made 100 videos and every time try to make one thing better and that that's like also very achievable too it's not like some insurmountable thing to do it's like all right I'm going to make my intro better I'm going to make my editing better whatever it is and that and the the beauty of what you said was I think the way you said it you were like if you do that a 100 times and I say come talk to me after you've done the 100 people 99% of people just don't do it and then the 1% of people who do they don't need me after that like you figure it out which is it's more of a metaphorical mindset because that's the thing it's uh most people who like like need advice is just go do it and learn through failure I'm a big fan of just trial by fire go do it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a bunch of times and like get Point 1% better and then do that for a couple years I have a couple other pictures to show you so this is one this is one of your thumbnails oh God during your ride that's still on my channel so I went and I looked at your your your first 100 I was like all right let me see he said the rule of 100 let me go look at his first hund and I saw this and like today you're probably known as like one of the best smartest thumbnail people in the world right Black Ops 2 shotgun gaml with commentary PS4 or Xbox just I suck at making thumbnails which is honestly dope because most people if they feel like they're bad at something they just don't do it they they they shy away yeah uh and then you have this other one which is like your 100th video on your 100th video you wrote your stats you go oh my God subscribers I did do that I remember that 730 subscribers so on your rule of 100 it's not like at 100 you were rich and famous yeah right and honestly yeah probably 150 of them are me asking people on Xbox LIVE to subscribe like when playing Call of Duty and like a game chat I like yo subscribe to my channel so what do you see people get wrong about the rule of 100 most people just aren't as obsessed with improving things they get like pigeon hold in the box and they're like oh I just need to improve I mean this applies to everything but I guess specifically content they'll be like oh I just need to write better jokes or I need to have better camera or this and then it's it's not it's just a mindset like every single every single thing can be improved there's no such thing as a perfect video you know from I mean you can go as low as you want to like the coloring to what you're wearing to you how you speak to how long the video is to I mean there's nothing that you can't improve and so like just having that mindset where you're always trying to get better um and like applying that to everything across the board not just narrowing on on this one little thing um but also with this honestly a lot of people are mentors they just don't listen and so they they'll ask me for advice and like the ones who will listen they will take their revenue from like 30k to 400k a month or their goal subs or whatever it is I can show them how to hit it but a lot of times if people ask for advice I'll say it and it'll be like in one year and out the other and like so those are the worst I used this because I was studying um Seinfeld recently and I don't know if you know Seinfeld has this daily Seinfeld's now like 70 years old he's still like in the standup comedy game he's the only standup billionaire like ever so he's the only comedian who's a billionaire it's pretty crazy and so I was like all right what can I learn from Seinfeld and one of the things he did was he was like every day for like the last 45 years I wake up and my first two hours of the day I write he's like I write jokes he's like guess what if you want to get good at jokes you write jokes every day and he's like every day I just try to make it one better than the other they talk about writer block he's like that's nonsense he goes my rule is I sit down I don't have to write I just can't do anything else and he's like and then that makes me right and I've been doing that and he has this yellow legal pad of all the pages he ever did and he he literally laid him out on a road and he like paved the whole Road it became like a yellow brick road basically it's an incredible you know how many hours that is two hours a day for 45 years 30 30,000 hours right yeah that's you know that's the thing people say it takes 10,000 hours to master or something I'm I'm like 10,000 hours that's that's when you start you know first like that like that's the mindset you need with like the RO of 100 it's not um because 10,000 hours what is that it's only like eight hours a day every for four years yeah exactly it's not that they got crazy but to a lot of people 10 you know that's the saying 10,000 hours in your master I think it should be 100,000 hours to be honest I think 10's too easy so if Seinfeld is like locking himself in a room and saying I can't do anything but write jokes do you ever have to do that or is it no this is just what I live for yeah so I mean I just I wake up I walk in the studio and normally this whiteboard over here we erased it I guess it wouldn't be leaked but it'd have all the businesses all the prils all the bottlenecks anything I could do to push things forward and it's all listed out and there'd be probably three or 4 hundred things and then we'd go through at the start of each week and we just pick what needs to be done to what should we prioritize etc etc so it' be like Feast tables it's like you know ethical sourcing here's three things that need to be done here's all the major bottlenecks that if you stepped in you can push it Forward content toys lunch Le whatever um so that's more how I structure my days is like because we just have a lot going on and it's just like making sure what I'm working on is the most efficient thing because if there's like 10 people sitting around waiting on me to make a decision to go work that shouldn't be a Friday thing that should be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Monday at 9:01 a.m. thing you know what I mean so it's very even just just figure out what I need to accomplish in a week and then even the order of what we do is very important you want to do the third one yeah you want to Jimmy let's let's see this bad boy you can make anything viral so in your can we talk about your weak yeah of course the docent yeah you did a podcast on it so we want to do an exercise exercise is it a challenge challeng challenge just see uh if I can come up with a viral idea yeah exactly the problem here I'm I'm down for this the only the ironic thing is the only one here who will actually know if it's viral or not is me you're grading yourself here right it's that Meme where Obama's putting the medal on himself exactly CU you guys could be like I don't think that'll get 100 million views and I'll just go no but but here's the stipulation take a normal thing yeah make it an interesting viral idea but with a budget of a thousand because it's EAS oh Mr would just put a million on line 10 grand 10 grand okay and you you said you used to use random word generator so we gave you a random word generator if you hit uh I don't random words you can pick you can flip through a few until you find a word actual them like so to give a little context to your viewers the thing is like you could spend seven days this is something I've said on other podcast I think this drives it home I spent seven days buried alive right that got hundreds of millions of views me laying in a coffin it's like like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] put a coffin 10t on the ground cover with 20,000 PBS of dirt I'm literally in a coffin for a week that's that's cool that's viral that was seven days of me laying down I theoretically could have instead of doing that laid in just a bathtub for seven days no one would have gave a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that video would have but in theory it's the same amount of time at least from a filming perspective logistically maybe not but in theory both are me just laying down for seven days but one is super [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] viral the other no one cares about and so that's like the power of ideas like an idea with the right idea you can do the exact same amount of work as a different idea but get 50 extra return so that's that's why I'm so adamant about generating good ideas all right so I just hit random create random words chocolate Chate easy they're going to think this is it's chocolate this is a random word generator BR they're not gonna they're gonna think this whole thing uh grandmother all right they gave us the word grandmother so what's a viral idea with the grandmother um that could be done for $10,000 I mean bro if you actually want like a mega Banger I would do um I uh completing a 100y old's bucket list oh so you meet a grandma Yeah I'd find a grandma I mean if you really wanted I wouldn't say I would do this but if you wanted like a viral viral video I'd find a grandmother who's like terminally ill and I'd take her and her grandkids and come you know do everything in the bucket list for him like bro idea like don't do this title but she will die in 30 days so I fulfilled all her wishes that you CL that's so good hold on we got to do another one that's okay you passed you passed the test I justo this is a lifestyle I I can make I like the magic trick drawing you want to do that one yeah drawing okay the next one he hit was drawing um I mean well so you want it for 10 grand because the first thing I thought of is for drawing is drawing the world's largest picture but that would be more than 10 grand actually weirdly enough a lot of videos go viral on YouTube where people are just like customizing phones or things like that I depends is if if I'm like a really good artist I would do like Tik toks go super viral where they like find two like a guy a couple on a street and they like sketch them but but but they they sketch them like really ugly but they like stop really beautiful people and then they they turn the artwork around they're like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and those those do really well like it'll be like a very handsome guy but then it they'll do their face like really round and like with buck teeth and it's always those do really well on Tik Tok like I've seen some get 100 million views so that would be one way you could do drawing I mean even it just if you're good enough artist like and if you're not just get good and study and be good um I would like you could design like a hospital floor or something for like make a witch kids and like do like cool artwork or something um if there's like some film you could put up over draw it and like do a design that they just peel off a couple days later like that wouldn't be that expensive and that would be cool like I surprise make a wish kids with uh you know their favorite characters or something um yeah I mean the how many do you want when you're brainstorming are you usually just kind of by yourself are you like what's C like if I said you got to come up with something what would you do to set yourself up to come up with great ideas yeah CU in transparency I have teams now and so I don't I'm not as like I used to do this all myself now I pay a lot of people to do it uh and I just like work with them on the back 10% but I mean yeah I the the if you really want to come with like great ideas you need to surround yourself with other very creative people I mean I I'm not going to say their names but I have at least five people that I if I really needed to solve something I would call I'd fly them down it would be boom boom boom boom me in the middle and we we we could solve anything like creatively in terms of virality or anything like that they're just like really really good like one's good with thumbnails one's like the smartest guy I've ever met when it comes to titles another he's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freak and he says the craziest stuff but it's very like inspirational and so you need like that like shotgun that's constantly shooting out stuff and then like another guy we would describe him more as like a sniper like he's not going to say much but when he says it you're like dang that's good um so yeah I just have like my go-to people who are like very creative and like yeah they just pull the best out of me it's very important you have that like I think didn't Steve Jobs call it in like creative Inc like his Think Tank yeah and they had a thing where they were like at Pixar they have a book called creativity Inc I creativity Inc yeah and he said it's not people think oh we just come up with the best ideas right away he goes no he goes the creative process is taking something that sucks and removing suck and so he's like yeah we sit there we watch the first version and it sucks and then we we trust each other enough to be like yeah that kind of sucks but here's what sucks about it go back try again try again try again he's by The End by the 10th thing we've just removed all the suck and all that's left is the good bits yeah I was just you buy that is that yeah I was just at Pixar is at the Steve Jobs building and I was just with some of the employees out there working and just seeing how they go about and like they're doing daily reviews over there which is like you know every day like what they work on they're showing to like the director and stuff and getting like real-time feedback and they're very like eess and it was very cool to like see their culture and how they go about it like CU they I mean in terms of animated films there was second to right I remember a couple years ago when we talked to you you said that coming up with ideas was still the thing that you felt like you had the most trouble handing off to anyone else it was like the thing that you still just like excelled most at and couldn't trained so many great people at that now okay yeah I mean I I have enough ideas for the next five years so that's not a ball neck at all like I have too many like uh I I would just start listing them off but then the problem is everyone would steal them so yeah yeah okay great let's go to the next all right so we have that's three of the rules number four I'll flip this one cloning yes all right so the backstory of this one is last year when we were doing our camper event it's basically a room full of business people billionaires all whatever and you started describing how you run your company and you you were 25 years old at the time you're not now you're 26 with these people double my age in 20 times the experience of me correct and so there we're listening and we're like so who is this guy why this guy's been following you around all day who is this and how do you run this how do you train people and you were like you described this process of cloning and I swear I saw like five billionaires make a note to themselves so can you describe what is your cloning principle what does that mean yeah well the thing is like as a Founder because I assume a lot of your viewers run yeah like you're constantly having to put off fires you're constantly having to do things and that's a flaw you're always going to be putting like having to work on stuff but you should view anytime you have to work on things as a flaw and it's like how do you what's the fastest way to stop working on something every time you work on it have someone on your hip and have them learn how to do it essentially clone you to do that task and so anytime I I don't ever work alone anymore because anytime I'm doing something that's a problem and like someone should be doing this in six months and so that's that's just like the cheat code to doing it um and it's cloning not training why well we would call now that I have hundreds of employees now I think we're probably closing on 500 so it's a lot more training but CL like clones are more like the all-in people who are going to like run your company one day and make high like and have the upside to like live with you and and you know cuz like someone who's making $40,000 a year they're not going to live with you and fall you around 15 hours a day and right you know but early on you had that you had people literally I still have people like that but it's like that's that's just a small subset of it so yeah of the on the core team yeah 100% it's just like the thing is the more you know about everything going on the better because a lot of what you do in one part of a one vertical business in finance or and this or that affects other parts and so the more you understand the whole business the more you understand the ripples you create across things the better efficiently and better you can do these kinds of things and so just having a clone who knows everything about the whole business as opposed to just one section just makes it where they can just make decisions so much faster and they can cut through red tape and it just makes it so much easier for you to just like because like when you're in hyper growth scale you don't know like what the next fire is going to be or the next things is to fix and so if you just have a couple versions of yourself which is so nice because it's like oh this thing over here in editing is falling apart all right clone that you followed me around for the last three years you know what I would do just go fix it you know what I mean so I don't have to go fix it every part of a company is not like it's not like you look at a thing you're like editing editing is its own thing no EDI edting is people editing right everything is people and so what I liked about the way you were doing it was I think on the outside people hear this are like follow you around all the time live with you that's crazy I would you know that's that's harsh I met the people doing it and they were like this is the greatest opportunity exact I came here for this I wanted to I want to be great he's given me the opportunity to be great not everybody wants this I want this you can either go to college for like not even four years go to college for three years or you can follow Sean around for three years and like just all day every day and the version of you that follows Shan around for 3 years will make way more money you'll be way more experienced way more valuable to him or you could just go to any one of his competitors and you'll make 10 times more than if you guys have you ever heard the Warren Buffett cloning story no so Warren Buffett when he was young he wanted to learn investing right so he goes to the guy who wrote the book on investing Benjamin Graham and he's like uh Mr Graham I wanna I'm I'm Warren Buffett I'm a big fan of your work I want to work for you I will work harder than anyone you know and you know what I'm willing to work for you for free because I this matters so much I want to learn from you and Ben Graham goeson your price is too high and he was waren was like surprised and later he's like he was to so right I got so much more out of working every day at Ben Graham's hip than him getting my free labor actually the value exchange was like completely he was correct and I that always stuck with me because it's so true like dude how do you if you want to learn that's the best way you could possibly learn and as a Founder you know ultimately you you want judgment to scale so it's like if people in your company can think think what would Jimmy do and get the right answer now you got two jimmies right you know like for the most part they make decision and then other times it should be like what would Jimmy do okay Jimmy's not always right in this instance he's an idiot let's go call him out on it what will he say when I tell him what I'm actually gonna do yeah and then they think even one step further which is like my like long-term clones are great they'll be like okay well Jimmy's gonna want data back he's not going to care about an opinion so I'm going to just go do all the research and grab the data and then they'll they'll ask me something and they'll say blah blah and they'll be like I knew you were going to say that and they'll hand me things I'll be like well what about this over there I knew you were going to say that I'll be like oh great and by the way it's not just you even other there was like a guy he was also cloning people he's like yeah I'm the I'm the main guy for this part of the business so I need to be training people so this is how I'm doing it Zer to one is so difficult but then one to three you know like is is so much easier so that's like the hard part is like training that for like downloading I'll pick thing like writing the videos right like obviously I used to write all the videos myself taking all that and getting where someone else could do it without all keeping the essence of like what makes it viral makes it good and not feeling too corporate and scripted because we're not scripted Etc like going from 0 to one that took like five years but then you know him training the next two people's great because I don't have to do it and he trains those two and those two train the next and so it's just like that first clone is so imperative and then they could do the rest that's great you want to do the next one all right sure possible is possible [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah impossible is possible all right so this is I asked your uh I'm friends with Rohan the guy who runs your Tik Tok yeah I go tell me the thing where you realize like this guy's built different this guy thinks differently than than a normal person would I was like that's the story I want he goes he goes I don't know how to explain it this is the quote Jimmy will give you an impossible mission but he'll say it in a way that makes it seem totally possible and then he leaves the room and you're like God damn this is impossible he goes for example Jimmy came to me and said I need 10 million Tik Tok followers a month Ron he goes and every month I told Jimmy it's impossible like a hundred times and he told me do it 500 times he told me to do it 500 times I think we had two months where you million that's what he told me he goes he goes I he goes I didn't do it most months but I did do it like you know two months and we got way further than we ever would have got had he not laid down like kind of this impossible Gauntlet so yeah that's one story I'm sure there's like a thousand of these but like do you live by this I guess how would you how would you talk about that U well I don't try to just give people kpis that I think aren't possible just to torture them I just like I think most people they're when you ask them to do something like very incredibly difficult like what I first did I want to bury myself alive for a week like People's First inclination is just that's not possible and like technically almost anything is possible it's so it's just like so my first thing is just like why do you say that like let's go through the Gambit and then they'll always be like well it's just not possible and then you just have to be like go do the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] research and then they'll come back and it's like is it too expensive because we can figure out ways is it too unsafe or we can navigate safety or whatever it is and so it's like I hate when people tell me something can't be done just tell me the cost and like what the problems are Bott yeah and then if like then let's look at those and objectively if it's too expensive or something that's not worth investing time into or what then that's fine then I'll kill it but just tell me something because like half the stuff I did if I just listened to people and they told me it wasn't POS like I wanted Eiffel Tower for a video not possible why why why is that not possible go get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Eiffel Tower like until the head of the president of France tells you no it's possible like I don't then when he says no ask his kids see if they have some sway to give him while you're on the phone like we just filmed a video where we had the three pyramids of Egypt and we were like um you know spending like we were there for 100 hours this crazy video we explored the pyramids like my favorite video ever same thing like you can't just have the three pyramids I'm like did did Egypt tell you that like what do you mean go make some phone calls you know what I mean and it's just constantly even today when I'm not with my core group that I've trained very well it's just always like you can't do that or no or they'll go make a phone call or okay fine Jimmy we'll go try to get the pyramids they'll go away they'll come back a day later can't have the pyramids I'm like who' you call this tourist guy who like works at the pyramids I'm like okay call the head of Tourism like how do you get their number okay well that's different you didn't ask me how to get the head of tourism's number you asked me you just told me it was not possible like so now like please don't do that again like we got to figure out what the problems are let's figure it out and then we make calls and you figure it out and next thing you know it's and so it's just like that's a big thing that you have to like if you really in my opinion want to innovate and do things that are you know have never been done before in push boundaries you have to like have a mindset amongst your people that it's not nothing is impossible it's just how much does it cost how do you do it and then you just make an objective decision it seems to me like when you solve these impossible problems you have to think on like a lower level rather than a higher level have you heard the story of Elon getting his Rockets from Texas to Florida where they launch them no the so the normal way everyone gets their Rockets to Florida is on a barge right but it takes like 3 months and cost a bunch of money did he fly it there he drove it there he's like no we're going to drive it instead and they're like well it's way too big like first answer was it's impossible can't do it yeah he said let's go and he has a great line which is uh physics are the only laws everything else is a suggestion and he's like is it physically impossible to get it to Florida no okay we agree on that great now let's continue to figure out where the bottleneck is and it's like oh the boat too long too expensive whatever and and so you know oh well it's impossible to get it through overpasses and so they he's like what would be the shortest way to get there without encountering a single overpass so they go they do this like extremely circuitous all on back roads and they're like but even if we do that there's still a problem with power lines and telephone wires and so they have like some of the smartest people on Earth driving in a van in front of these Rockets with big poles and they just push up the telephone wires go under and then they go to the next telephone and it's just like you just have to like approach it like a caveman almost to like beat the impossible do you find that's the case a lot yeah quite a bit and a lot of it is just a willingness to it's just people who have love what they do and and people who really love problem solving we we you know figure these things out and so it's just having the right person in the right seat at the right time who like actually wants to go deep and like people there are certain people where you give them something that seems impossible and they will be Giddy and they'll like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah I can't wait like I have people like that where I could call and be like what's something they don't wake up until it's until it's hard uh well it's like uh I guess if I wanted a different world wonder if I was like I want the Taj Mahal for a week right there like people I com I called and said that like I promise you they would smile be like okay like they' see that as a challenge they'd go to war to figure it out and then not in my company but just there are other people that you would say that and oh my God you know and so you just got to get the right people who just deeply enjoy solving problems and like see it as a challenge and like like there there are people built that way and those are the people that really succeed in that environment and even a different example that's not getting the Taj Mahal or the Eiffel Tower one of my favorite videos of yours where I the first time I was like all right respect before I met you I was like okay respect was uh Ben was telling me about you and he go he he made a video said I'm going to cut through this table with a plastic knife oh my gosh I remember this weirdly very well I was sitting in uh high school and I just like I had a I don't know after lunch I just had a I put the uh plastic knife in my pocket for some reason I don't remember why and then I just put my hand in pocket I was like oh plasting knife and then I just started like scraping against the desk and I was like oh well I'm like kind of like I could cut this desk in half like just like your stupid little high school desk I just did this for like 5 minutes till like the teacher was like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you doing stop and then I just was like looking at the little indention I was doing the calculations in my head I was like it would take me like 10 hours to cut through this according to my math I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it I think that would be like a video where people would be interested so I went to the store on the way home and I bought like uh a thousand plastic like the cheapest plastic knives I could find and then I just got this like $20 foldout table and I just went in my room hit recording the camera and I just went it down cuz the plastic knives would get dull after like a minute and I was just cutting through it and I think that I think that took 12 hours to cut through the table of plastic night or something but that's what I'm saying it was no money it was no money it wasn't Taj Mahal it was like creativity or well first boredom boredom is the key this like how Einstein well and it's like so dumb it's just like like that how many laks does it take to get to a center of tisi how many plastic knives does it take to cut a table have just like people were like what a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you do with one by the way or probably thousands gotta that's insane um by the way that's a spoiler I think that one we kind of copied number eight which is no no doesn't mean no way and there's a big difference between no possible is possible and no doesn't mean no exact same thing yeah and I like the clarification you had which was like you're not just like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boss that's like I need this impossible thing done you know whatever it's more like hey I want to do this impossible thing or I want to do this great thing no okay let's get curious before we just like make a decision here why well let's try to understand it and if it truly is no which it rarely is fine but it's usually not and then the cool thing is if you do that in the company do it once people are like oh wow that interesting do it twice by the third time you do it people like all right like that's the way right it's contagious of time it's like a religion people start to believe when they when they see it right you're emplo for me it tends to take a couple dozen times for well I'll keep pointing at it I'm like you guys remember what we said and then what happened let's like yeah let's again let's take that in that's a rally cry for us now like we can do all these things right let's let's that all right we got three more to go here we go Consultants or she code yeah and honestly because I wrote this there referencing my thing I wrote a couple years ago I would update that just say like experienced people or cheat codes the right ones like because it doesn't because like my uh H handbook I guess if that's what you would call it leaked on Twitter and like you Go's Your Hand by production Bible uh so many people were like consultants and even Consultants are like putting this on their website like even Mr endorsed on LinkedIn like so many consultant tweets are like yes he validated our industry and I'm like well I wasn't specifically talking about McKenzie you know um it's just more like you know especially with us because we do so many random weird things I mean d what did I say in here Consultants are literally cheat cods need to make the world's largest slice of cake start off by calling the person who has made the previous world's largest slice of cake LOL he's already done countless tests and can save you weeks worth of work I really want to drill this point home because I'm a massive believer in Consultants because I've spent almost a decade of my life hyper obsessing over YouTube I can show a brand new Creator how to go from 100 subscribers to 10,000 in a month on their own it would take them years to do it consults are a gift from God please take advantage of them in every single freaking task assigned to you always always always ask yourself first if you can find a consultant to help you exactly because we do so many weird different things like oh we're GNA Bury Me Alive called David Blaine he buried himself alive you know what I mean like uh because how's that phone call go uh great they're usually like well we don't have David bl's phone number and I'm like okay I'll DM on Instagram and I'm like here's his phone over call him figure out how he didn't die you know but you do these things like uh one night I was just hanging out at my house get a call North Carolina number pick up oh yeah it's us I go on walks and then I just like I will literally just close my eyes and like flip through my contacts and I'll like stop and you know when it's on S you'll be there and I'll just be like H I'll just tap a random name and I'll be teach me something sometimes the calls are one minute other times they 20 and um yeah it's like you got to always be learning I feel like you're saying that almost like it's a normal thing you know like nobody does this right like that's like I don't understand why that's I kind of started to steal it because I was like why not I'm also like I'm obsessed with learning yeah and oh sometime like maybe the mechanics of it I was confused I was like so I call these people then I just say like hey teach me something stop yeah teach me something what's what's something what's funny is the more you do it the more people come to expect it too so like I'll call someone they won't answer and then they'll be like let me guess you're on a walk sorry I'm busy and then I'm like I don't even have to respond to just get it like you know cuz at the start you'll you know you'll go on a walk and you'll call 20 people and you have conversations with 10 cuz you know these High Caliber people are always busy and the other 10 will call you throughout the next 24 hours and it's like a nuisance because you gotta be like I I was just born on a walk I was just born on walk so but now they everyone just gets it protocol yeah yeah they're just like yeah so it's like so funny that I become known for that and like people will answer and like sometimes I won't even say anything they'll be like all right here's what I've learned and it's like great because then I just like these are people who are you know some of them running companies are doing billions of dollars a year in revenue and they're learning tons of things are always experimenting and I just get this F minute brain dump of everything they learn suck it out of them and then I'm like here's what I learned cuz I always a big part of this if you wanted to go well is you have to add as much value ideally more than what they're giving to you so I try to help them in any way I can and then um and then you hang up you go to the next one another one that is in the kind of Consultants art cheat codes is we do these talks at our event so at our basketball event it's kind of like play ball all day till we're like dead tired and then at night it's like we're hanging out and the first year we did it I remember cuz I I created the events I was kind of the host I was like I don't want to be like forcing like a conference Vibe I was like really like tiptoeing around I was like I don't want this to be awkward but it was actually more Awkward cuz nobody knew who anyone else was and you did this great thing you like grabbed the chair you put it in the middle of the room you're like hey sit down real quick you go all right uh who are you what's your story and then they would like start to tell like a long-winded story but what I liked was you would have questions so like we had a real estate guy and instead of being like all right teach me about real estate which the guy doesn't know how to start you were like if I had $10 million what would be the best best way to turn it into a 100 through real estate yeah and then he talked for like 5 minutes you're like cool God it I should just give it to somebody like you makes sense on to the next and I was like I love the power of kind of like the right question the right person and honestly in group settings like that another thing too is just not being afraid to cut people off because some people are just so not aware that like there's 20 people and you've been rambling for 30 minutes and I'm like I feel like they got another 15 in them and three of those people are on their phone those two are checked out those five are too nice to anything I'll be the one who like hey we get it all right I got the next one block out the Noise Okay block out you want to do block out the noise sure so here's the quote when you're small people say you're too obsessed you're a weirdo get a life be realistic this is from you people will try to convince you that you're out of your mind for wanting to do this then when it works yo your drive your tenacity that was great yep everything you guys have uh been flattering me with throughout this podcast are the exact same things I got lowkey bullied for in high school it's like hilarious that now these grown men are like yo this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awesome you're like all in impossible is not possible no doesn't mean no and you just like love this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and like and in high school that'ss what a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nerd get a life like Loser yeah that's why that's why you call it block out the noise right because the same things that people admire when you're successful are the are the things that people are even trying to tell you to stop if you had listened you wouldn't be Mr Beast right we wouldn't be here right now everyone else and yeah just normal job but the thing is it's like it's the big takeaway is it just means you're not around the right people right cuz like obviously if I was around you guys when you were younger I'm sure you guys wouldn't have been like oh what a weird upsets nerd you would have been like yo this is sick let's grow together or we would you know maybe when we were 18 we would have that much emotional intelligence but we would have like flocked together so it's it's also just finding the right people to be around and if you're having to block out a lot of noise then you're just like you have a serious problem it's a signal yeah like you really got to change who you are because that's really yeah I mean if you're the smartest person you're hanging around make you know the the one with the most ambition and everyone else is just bringing you down like you're literally just going through your entrepreneurial life with like a 10 PB weight Shackled to your leg Yeah last one let's go into reinvest everything yes sir can I give you my my version of this I think people know you reinvest a lot of money to almost e comical extents like we made 100 Grand last month great we're investing 101 this next month like Jimmy where'd you get the extra thousand I got the largest unscripted streaming deal in history and somehow lost a ton of money on it these games you talk about yeah when we were the first time somebody was like you know what he thinks his kind of like his Edge I go his Edge is that he takes all the money he makes and then he reinvests it he takes all the hours he has and he invests it into the channel then he gets the best people and he like gets them to believe that they should invest it and he doesn't ever want to quit I don't think this guy's gonna like get rich and retire like every other YouTuber I was like that's like a kamakazi level of commitment like I I don't think that's used to call it a kamakazi commment like because how do you what do you do what do you do with somebody who's willing to just like allow it all back in like that's a that's not the person I would want to compete against um so that's kind of I guess that's why to me this is a I mean you just described it perfectly I don't even have to say anything like yeah I mean ideally you find the passion that you love and you're all in and it's um you know you shouldn't have to like force yourself to go get up and WR it should just be what you love to do you know what's the uh CFO telling you as you Des at the beginning now now it's kind of known but at the beginning when you were describing your approach so you felt was like your mom at the beginning right uh yeah well I mean at the beginning it was me and my mom and a couple friends were high school so she was 10 jobs I was 20 jobs um I mean now they just start I mean people kind of normalize to your weird craziness so they're more that's now what at the beginning what was that like I mean everyone thought it was deranged you know like oh why why do you like because I mean I everyone you know a big budget YouTube video used to be 10 grand I was the first one to ever spend a million dollars on a video in two million this is uh this is probably the best example right like yeah I got a brand deal for $10,000 bro you keep saying CFO like I had a CFO back like you know what this was this was me and like paying a guy I went to high school with like 10 bucks an hour to help me um but I like m going mom what taxes help I didn't make money do I pay taxes and she's like yes and I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] um but uh yeah we I got a brand deal for $10,000 and then I just went outside like this I used to live like two minutes like the $700 a month apartment I was telling you about or duplex was like literally 2 minutes down the road from this and so I just got the 10 grand I was like wire me the money they wired it withd drew it and gave it to the Suess guy inside the street were you not tempted to like have money for the first time pocket five give away five so I pocket five spend on a different video what else do what else do you do with the money it's like uh there's a story of Zuck when he got offered a billion dollars for Facebook early on and they were like Mark we should talk about this and he's like oh if I got this money I would just start a new social media platform and I like the one I had I like the one I had this is like legendary yeah and it's the same thing here it's like I could pocket it but I just make different videos and I just want to film this one I mean it's literally the same thing it reminds me a lot reading about Walt Disney this is what he was famous for because his brother Roy podcast on it thank you was like the business a Roy would like pull his hair out of like Walt can we please just like save some money and he had like a compulsion almost to take all the money he he like felt bad keeping any money he's like no it has to go into making better shows do you feel that like does it it has nothing to do with like wanting to keep it really has nothing to do with money itself it's just I want to make the best product possible and so it's like here's the product I want to make and I'm always having to settle because we can't spend 10 billion dollars on a YouTube video you know what I mean like because there I would love to go buy everything in every single store in this entire city and donate it all to charity you know that'd be $200 million so I can but so it's just like it's more you know like this is what I want to make but I have to dial back and it's like well now we have a little bit more money so I just diad back less there's not I don't really care you know what I mean like so by the way you just came up with that number yeah I was like he's done the math this you look at this well I know it cost $15 million to BU everything in Walmart but yeah 15 million have you have you done that is that one of the things nice I think that's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Banger and we're donate all to charity so it's cool what what's your like ambition right so it's like Ben in 40 years is doing the pod on don't ask me 40 ask like 10 40 too far you're going to give me anxiety okay what's like the what's the dream dream right now I can't do 40 because but but for the like next five the big thing I'm focusing on which I was telling you guys about in the car is just febles why people what can you explain about your business Empire can specifically what chocolate might seem so Random why is the largest YouTube in the world selling chocolate well right now 70% of the world's Coco comes from West Africa kotar and Ghana and majority of the uh people who work on those Farms are actually kids or like child labor so it's like 46% of Labor so I guess it's not majority so I should correct this statement 46% of Labor is illegal child labor yeah I'll this while you talk so um when I got into selling chocolate I just learned about that and I talked to like exact big chocolate company as I was like so what I hear like this child labor thing like is this just like we're just cool with this and like well it's just tell's always been and there's not really anything you can do about it I'm like that's the way things have always been I literally I said to one I think I don't remember the exact I'm g a butcher but I was like elon's putting like gonna put people on Mars and you're telling me we can't not have little kids farming or chocolate we can't just find people over the age of 18 or whatever and they're like well it's not that simple and I'm like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so that kind of like pissed me off and Rule Number Eight yeah set me down I'm like yeah what you mean to say is that would hurt the billions of dollars in free cash flow you're spitting off in your margins but anyways um so I was like I went down that path like two years ago I was like okay well I don't you actually went to West Africa oh yeah the but before even that it's just like so then I was we're going to start referencing our piece of paper here so then Consultants are cheat code so I was like what is the largest ethically storage Chocolate Company in the world who the ones doing it right so have you heard of Tony shalone yeah yeah yeah so they're they're great it's it's a Europe opinan brand but they're like a reporter used to call out CH big chocolate and be like there's a lot of child labor you guys aren't ethical and like they would just ignore him and so then he's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it he started it right yeah and he started a chocolate company um and that's Tony's chocol because like the lonely and it became like a $200 million business it's doing pretty well and um so I was like let me get in contact with these people and I just started talking to them I flew them here to Greenville like the next week we were just like I was like teach me everything about child labor how we can remediate it what should we be doing on our Farms Etc and like I just had like phone calls with them every single day studied and then the next five companies that are also doing ethical things I just absorbed everything they're all doing into my brain and I was like cool all right I know what we need to do step one like the main reason why there's child labor is just poverty like you like most these farmers are making a dollar less a day so like if you're getting paid a dollar how can you hire someone that's over the age of 18 to work on your farm so you end up just using kits cuz they're cheap or free free so uh step one is you you just have to pay them a living income so 100% of our farmers are paid a living income so I can go super deep I'm gonna keep this Mile High because I know not everyone is as passionate about the chops and Industry as me but this is what I live and breathe but uh to so what is a living income right because obviously a living income in America is completely different than in West Africa so there's a living income reference price where they look at the cost of like bread and living and inflation and it's like you know if a farmer sells you like a metric tons of cocoa they need to make this for them to be able to live roughly and be able to so we pay 100% of our Farmers living income reference right so there could be an instance where you're a farmer and you give us a shipping container of cocoa and you're like you know we want $1,100 I'm like no you want $1,300 it's $1,300 now make sure there's no kids on your Farms you know what I mean like uh or kids in illegal child labor um and so that's uh I mean I'm oversimplifying everything none of the this is a very complex thing and there's these we're talking about tens of thousands of farms there's millions of farms there and this is none none of this is as simple as I'm portraying it but I'm just doing my best to generalize it all so you pay your Farmers living income all our beans are fair trade certified and then we work with clrm which is the child labor reiation system and then they routinely audit the Farms interview the parents interview the kids see if the kids are going to school working on the farm Etc and then if you know they identify cases of child labor following up and getting the kids out of the child labor and stuff like that which all the and then we also just little things because it's since it's all a root of poverty the more money you help them make the easier it is for them to you know stop using a little child they run the farm so you have coaches that will like represent 200 farms and they'll help them get more yield and like educate them on things they could be doing to grow more for trees or have more trees or we you know occasionally give them wheelbarrows or things like that so they can just I mean a little something as simple as a wheelbarrow I mean it's a big difference between carrying 10 caca pods theoretically again generalizing everything or being able to carry 40 and a will like that's technically makes you four times more efficient um it's not again making up numbers yeah so like goal is just to make feals the largest ethically sour CH company world and you know if we can do a billion dollars a year in chocolate sales ethically while being profitable then I can use that as a model to you know on my videos talk about big chocolate and all the unethical things they're doing and just be like look it's possible to be profitable to not do it at scale there's no excuse besides they just don't care and then you know we'll see what happens when I get to that point last year when I was here uh I asked I think your your right-hand guy at that time I was like what's what y'all's Focus for the year and most people don't have an answer at the tip of your tongue his his was like instantaneous goes um I think you had a number of the number of YouTube videos 22 or something 26 make 26 bangers sell a lot of chocolate get jacked and he said it like that fast every day all three and you got in great shape from the last time can you uh yeah I was it was I still fat last year or was that the first year no first first year was I mean I fat but like you know a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] W that was 240 lbs yeah I'm right now I'm 190 so I probably you had started LIF at the last one we did and in this year you're like like so year one I was 240 lb year two I was probably 215 220 lb and now I'm 190 so yeah I'm like probably 25 pounds lighter I can't wait to ball how did you what did you do like what was your approach to get injected or like how did you approach it just I I'm very heavily influenced by the people around me like if I spent too much time with you I'll start speaking like you acting like you thinking like you so I'm very cautious of that so I just put a lot of Jack people around me and then like my my metric of success was like how frequently are random people just handing me chicken breasts or like you know high in protein like you know cuz like there you know all all the like my old friend group you know all the time they'd be like oh we just ordered pizza or this or that and it's like it just makes accomplishing my goals so much harder and it's like the the ratio of people ordering pizza to the ratio of people ordering protein was just way off I mean this is just how I analyze my life because I I like I'm so all in on business like I don't think about this kind of stuff so I need an environment that just makes being jacked very naturally like the weightlifting is pretty easy you just go to the gym 45 minutes 5 days a week but it's the yes the food that that is a that's not a thing you turn on and off that's a thing that you have to be consistent on for a very long period if you want to achieve results and like I just I can't think about like that every single day and I just and it's like there are just times where I'm at low points and it's just a lot harder to be disciplined and I just know if like you know I always have people who are just eating healthy it's just it it takes something that feels hard and kind of makes it fun like when you're doing it together and like like you know and it's just so just surround myself with other people trying to accomplish the same thing just like anything in life this is I was living in Australia and I literally bought a plane ticket with no plan one way to San Francisco because I was I at this Tony Robbins event and he said proximity Is Power dang love it did you like hire anyone too to help you do you have like a trainer around or a coach or he follows me around all day every day he's a jack dude sitting downstairs you'll notice he's he's the one who looks like he could be on a bodybuilding stage yeah usually in a tank top you somebody just sent me this you posted Tik Tok an hour ago yeah I just got out of a meeting with a bunch of billionaires Tik Tok we mean business this is my lawyer right here we have an offer ready for you we want to buy the platform America deserves Tik Tok give me a seat at the table let me save this platform Tik Tok yeah are you gonna buy Tik Tok I tweeted out yesterday that uh I was thinking about buying Tik Tok and honestly kind of as a joke and then I had you a lot of people coming to this event so many billionaires text me I mean I'm probably up to like 35 who have like unironically reached out like I want to put money and I want to do it and then like two separate groups that have like very serious bids together for it also are like yo get involved in this and I'm like my phone just blew up ever since that tweet so then I made that Tik Tok because it's like yeah I was joking but now it's like oh okay I'll predict it right now this I think this is going to happen because I think it should happen it'd be smart right any ownership group that's doing this would be smart to have you involv as long as Tik tok's will to sell yeah everyone interested in buying it once they get us involved yeah I don't know the political side like how what's how that's all going to to be forced to divest but if they are yeah that's gonna it's gonna be banned if they don't it's just a question of like is Tik Tok in the sell or not yeah what would you do oh God bro we just we're rinding the podcast down are you really about to start another five hour talk um truthfully I would have to surround myself with like the 10 greatest algorithmic people in the world and I'd have to spend like a week with them and just like absorb like I have no idea what I would do right now Jimmy this has been a pleasure it's fun thanks for doing it man uh excited to hoop I basketball camp five we'll do another one every two years we do we like the Olympic Cycles every two years Elon mus Jeff Bezos and Mark Zuckerberg in the other room we got a uh you got to crank out this podcast I'm going ball with them all right boys we did it all right out of here than thanks boys e

  Top Comments:
  1. @MyFirstMillionPod [58 likes]: Ever wonder how MrBeast built his empire? Get Shaan's full research notes + Jimmy's 10 business principles: https://clickhubspot.com/mbre
  2. @Formulainfluence [1 likes]: It’s interesting how most people only see the outcome, not the strategy behind it.
  3. @RedToMillion [1 likes]: OH I WANT IT BROTHER
  4. @mohajeramir [1 likes]: I wish the host spoke less
  5. @89Tools [1 likes]: 2:00 I really don't like how he always says that community college isn't "a real college"... It most certainly is, especially if credits can transfer to other colleges like where I went
  6. @m1v1per95 [1 likes]: susssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
  7. @quick-cash-lab: It's mad how someone so sweet can turn out to actually be a genius, I wanna know how many other sleeper geniuses are out there
  8. @zelaznytraktor: the best
  9. @DavePoland.UKVlogs: :hand-pink-waving: Great content man:text-green-game-over:You have my Subscribe  :yt:
all the small creators deserve first 1K Subs:finger-red-number-one:
it costs nothing but can change lives :card-red-penalty:
great video :text-yellow-goal:thanks for sharing :face-red-heart-shape:
  10. @interesting.podcasts.67: gd
  11. @online4aliving: cool vid, keep it up!
  12. @pookie_mamma1998: What if all my videos are my family’s natural chaos and not scripted or edited
  13. @itzMVPete: THAT FRAME IS ANNOYING.
  14. @simplefirdaus: Start creating at 2026, hope don't come lateee😅
  15. @BradahMoki-sm7nd: This sounds like an awesome tool. I look forward to to learning how to use this! Mahalo Kimo and the ‘Ohana!!
  16. @FLOODOFSINS: The problem with this episode is you don't really stick it to him. You're so happy that you're within inches of him and his glow did you aren't willing to ask him any hard questions. These types of interviews are the most unsatisfying for the viewer. He's literally telling you how disrespectful of a child he is and you guys are just smiling and laughing. So disappointed this time. It's interesting how Jimmy never actually talks about his dad in any interview and then when you see him on a channel you respect and think hey they might actually stick it to him they fall flat.
  17. @DEADINMIAMI: Today I seen a video pop up on my notifications from mrbeast and it said guess what age punched you and I started to wonder how does he come up with these ideas
  18. @malemaline: Will Tik Tok fade like Vine did?
  19. @malemaline: He's very  likable. I didn't know much about Mr. Beast before.
  20. @malemaline: Why does this guy keep interrupting him when he's talking about his business? It's like let him talk.

- MrBeast’s $100M Marketing Strategy – How He Took Over YouTube!: Kind: captions Language: en imagine spending $1 million on a single YouTube video just to give it all away or buying an entire Island just to hand it to a stranger or tipping a random fast food worker a brand new Tesla sounds insane right well that's exactly how Mr Beast built the biggest YouTube Empire in history and here's the craziest part it's all part of a master plan Mr Beast isn't just a YouTuber he's a marketing genius he's cracked the code to virality growth and turning views into a multi-million doll Empire and today we're breaking down his $100 million strategy the secrets behind his explosive success and how you can use them too so how does he do it why does he spend Millions per video how does he gain YouTube's algorithm better than anyone else and how did he go from a kid making videos in his room to running an entire business Empire in this video you'll learn his reinvestment strategy why he spends more than anyone else and how it makes him Unstoppable his secret algorithm hacks why is content keeps people watching longer than anyone else the psychology of viral content how he triggers emotions that make people obsessed his business Empire how he turned YouTube into a multi-million dollar machine and most importantly how you can use these tactics for your own brand by the end of this video you'll have a blueprint for explosive growth just like Mr Beast so grab a notepad because this is going to be gamechanging let's get started Mr Beast doesn't treat YouTube like a hobby he treats it like a business and the number one rule of business reinvest everything to grow faster in the early days he wasn't making millions he started with just a few bucks but instead of pocketing his YouTube earnings he put every single dollar back into his videos at first it was simple a 100 bucks for a giveaway then a th000 then 10,000 the more money he gave away the bigger his videos became fast forward to today and Mr Beast is spending millions of dollars per video and it's not just random spending it's a calculated strategy why does he spend so much most YouTubers keep their profits they might upgrade their camera or hire an editor but they don't push the limits Mr Beast does the opposite he figured out early on that bigger videos equals more views equals bigger Revenue think about it when you see a thumbnail that says I gave away $1 million or I survived in Antarctica for 50 hours you have to click the sheer scale of his content makes his videos unsk skippable but here's the Real Genius it's a more money goes into videos more views higher ad Revenue bigger sponsorships more budget bigger crazier stunts each video outperforms the last more audience retention more YouTube algorithm love this cycle turns his channel into an Unstoppable growth machine the last to leave experiment that changed everything one of the First videos that proved this strategy work was last to leave the circle wins $10,000 it was simple a bunch of people stood inside a circle and whoever lasted the longest won the money the catch as the hours passed it became more intense this format worked perfectly because it kept viewers engaged for the entire video and the longer people watched the more YouTube promoted it after that Mr Beast scaled up instead of $10,000 he started giving away $100,000 instead of a circle he put people in a massive Warehouse an island or even an entire city instead of just one challenge he combined multiple high stakes games into a single video every time the numbers got bigger and so did the audience the takeaway how you can apply this Mr BEAST's reinvestment strategy isn't just for YouTube It's a universal marketing principle the key is to reinvest in growth whether you're building a business a personal brand or a YouTube channel the lesson is the same if you make money don't just save it use it to make something bigger keep reinvesting in better content bigger ideas and more value for your audience growth isn't about playing it safe it's about betting on yourself Mr Beast went from making videos in his bedroom to spending Millions per upload and it all started with a simple mindset shift every dollar he made he put back into his content that's why he's the biggest YouTuber on the planet Mr Beast doesn't just make viral videos he Engineers them every decision from the thumbnail to the pacing is designed to keep people watching why because the YouTube algorithm rewards one thing Above All Else watch time the longer people stay on a video the more YouTube promotes it and Mr Beast has mastered the science of keeping viewers hooked one the hook grabbing attention in the first 5 Seconds most YouTubers start their videos with long intros Mr Beast he explodes into action instead of saying hey guys welcome back to the channel he jumped straight to the most exciting part I just bought an island and I'm giving it away we filled this house with 1 million Orbeez I built the world's largest Lego Tower and here's what happened within seconds viewers know exactly what's happening and their curiosity is locked in two high-s speed editing and no dead air Mr BEAST's videos move fast there's no wasted time every second is packed with energy jump cuts and movement his editing team follows a simple rule if a moment doesn't add value cut it while most YouTubers leave in slow transitions or unnecessary explanations Mr Beast trims everything to keep engagement Skyhigh three constant curiosity Loops the secret to retention Mr Beast Str ures his videos like a roller coaster constantly adding surprises that Force viewers to stay until the end take last to leave the circle wins $500,000 instead of letting it play out he adds twists every few minutes we're making the circle smaller new rule no sitting surprise we're bringing in a mystery guest every time the audience gets comfortable he throws in a curveball this boosts watch time making the YouTube algorithm go crazy four titles and thumbnails The Click C bait formula that works Mr BEAST's titles aren't just clickbait they're irresistible challenges he uses big numbers extreme stakes and mystery examples I gave my 100 million subscriber an island would you sit in snakes for $10,000 last to leave the roller coaster wins $20,000 each one makes you think what happens next forcing clicks his thumbnails are just as powerful no clutter no distractions just a crystal clear visual of What's Happen happening if it's a money challenge you see stacks of cash if it's a survival challenge you see people struggling in an extreme situation five the 10-minute rule maximizing ad Revenue ever notice how almost all of Mr BEAST's videos are just over 10 minutes that's because YouTube allows multiple ad breaks on videos longer than 8 minutes by stretching content past the 10-minute Mark he multiplies his ad Revenue per video which he reinvests into even crazier content the takeaway how you can apply this you don't need millions of dollars to use these algorithm hacks here's how you can steal Mr Beast strategy for your own content grab attention immediately no slow intros just jump straight to the action cut out everything boring delete anything that doesn't keep people hooked use curiosity gaps always give people a reason to watch Until the End optimize your titles and thumbnails keep them simple clear and curiosity driven keep your videos over 10 minutes so you can add multiple ad breaks and increase Revenue Mr Beast success isn't luck it's strategy he understands how YouTube works better than anyone else and if you apply these same principles you'll see massive growth too viral content isn't random it follows psychological principles that trigger deep emotional responses Mr Beast understands these principles better than anyone and applies them to every single video that's why his content isn't just watched It's shared discussed and re-watched millions of times one the power of extreme generosity humans are wired to love unexpected acts of generosity giving away huge amounts of money cars or even entire houses creates an emotional reaction that makes people want to share his videos think about it if you see someone give a random stranger $100,000 what's your instinct you're shocked because it's so extreme you feel happy for the person receiving it you think wow what if that happened to me that emotional mix of shock happiness and hope is what makes people click watch and share two the scarcity effect high stakes and limited opportunities Mr BEAST's challenges work because they create a sense of urgency and scarcity last to leave wins $500,000 only one person wins survive 50 hours in a desert a time limit adds tension first to find the briefcase wins $100,000 a Race Against Time when people see a rare opportunity their brains light up with excitement they feel the fear of missing out fomo and stay glued to see the outcome three emotional roller coasters keep viewers hooked great storytelling follows an emotional curve highs lows and unpredictable twists Mr Beast does this perfectly he introduces a huge Prize or challenge exciting high he creates tension contestants struggle obstacles appear low point he adds unexpected twists a new rule a surprise punishment curveball he delivers a dramatic ending a winner a crazy final moment payoff this emotional roller coaster keeps viewers engaged because their brains crave resolution four social proof the more people watch the more people want to watch why do some videos snowball into hundreds of millions of views because of social proof when people see that something is popular they assume it's worth watching Mr Beast fuels this effect by making his videos feel massive from the start huge crowds 100 people competing for $1 million big numbers and titles 100 m subscribers $1 million prizes constant mentions of virality this might be our biggest video ever when people feel like they're part of something huge they stick around and tell others to watch five the relatability factor why people root for his videos despite being the biggest YouTuber in the world Mr Beast keeps his content relatable his contestants are regular people not celebrities his prizes are things anyone would want cash houses dream vacations his challenges are simple Concepts anyone can understand no complicated rules just pure high stakes fun this makes his audience feel personally connected to the content increasing share and engagement the takeaway how you can apply this Mr BEAST's virality isn't just luck it's psychology at work here's how to use these same strategies use generosity to trigger emotion give something valuable to your audience knowledge entertainment giveaways create urgency and Stakes make your content feel like a limited time event that people can't miss use emotional storytelling make your content feel like a journey UPS downs and surprises Leverage social proof show that your content is popular big numbers big engagement big excitement stay relatable keep your content simple fun and easy for anyone to connect with Mr BEAST's success isn't Magic it's science and if you apply these psychology hacks you can create addictive content too Mr Beast isn't just the biggest YouTuber he's also a business Mogul his Empire spans multiple Industries proving that YouTube success can turn into real world wealth most YouTubers rely on ad Vue and brand deals to make money but Mr Beast he's built an ecosystem of businesses that feed back into his content allowing him to scale like no one else one Beast Burgers a fast food chain built from a YouTube audience in 2020 Mr Beast launched Mr Beast Burger a virtual restaurant that exploded into over 1,000 locations worldwide why it worked he promoted it directly through his YouTube videos turning millions of fans into instant customers the restaurant used ghost kitchens operating out of exis existing restaurants keeping costs low his audience wasn't just watching they were participating by ordering food from his brand the launch was so massive it crashed food delivery apps on day one it was the Perfect Blend of audience engagement smart business and viral marketing two febles the chocolate brand that competes with giants after conquering fast food Mr Beast entered the snack industry with febles his own chocolate brand why this is genius it's a high margin consumable product fans buy it eat it and come back for more he tied it to massive giveaways and viral challenges turning a simple chocolate bar into an experience he positioned Feasta against industry giants like Hershey's disrupting an entire industry using his audience instead of relying on sponsorships from other brands Mr Beast became the brand three philanthropy turning charity into a business model Mr Beast made generosity as brand but he's turned it into a sustainable business model rather than a one-time stunt Beast philanthropy runs food banks and charity in iives funded by his other Ventures his charity videos perform as well as his viral stunts proving that giving back is a powerful marketing tool his reinvestment strategy allows him to scale philanthropy like a business something few creators have achieved by making generosity part of his content he insures his philanthropy is both impactful and profitable four merch and brand deals another Revenue machine unlike typical YouTubers Mr BEAST's merch is more than just a logo it's part of the Mr Beast experience his designs feel collect able making fans excited to own them he integrates merch into his videos and giveaways turning products into viral moments his audience sees buying merch as supporting a movement not just a purchase on top of that his brand deals are Next Level instead of small sponsorships he partners with massive Brands like honey and Shopify negotiating seven figure deals that help fund even bigger videos the takeaway how you can apply this Mr BEAST's business Empire is a blueprint for creators and entrepreneurs here's what you can learn turn your audience into customers whether it's a product service or brand your fans are your first buyers think Beyond ad Revenue ads are great but owning a business is better make your business an extension of your brand febles Beast burgers and his philanthropy all aligned with his content use content is free marketing Mr Beast doesn't need ads his videos are the ads Mr Beast didn't just build a YouTube Empire he built a business Empire and the craziest part he's just getting started by now it's clear Mr Beast isn't just a YouTuber he's a marketing genius who has cracked the code to virality audience growth and turning attention into an Empire but here's the real question how can you use these strategies one reinvest in growth don't just take profits Mr Beast didn't just spend his YouTube earnings he reinvested them every dollar went into bigger better videos which led to more views more revenue and more growth how you you can apply this if you're a content creator put your earnings back into better content upgrading your production hiring a team or launching new projects if you run a business reinvest profits into growth marketing improving your product or creating more value for your audience playing it safe won't get you exponential growth betting on your self-will two Master the art of attention hook retention and curiosity Mr Beast hacks the human brain to make his content irresistible he starts videos with instant hooks keeps viewers engag engaged with non-stop curiosity gaps and ensures they watch to the very end how you can apply this your audience's attention is currency whether it's a YouTube video a sales page or a social media post grab them fast and never let go use curiosity Loops tease what's coming next so people stay engaged cut the fluff every second should add value or build anticipation three build a brand not just an audience Mr Beast isn't just popular he's a brand his name means big crazy high stakes generosity that's why his businesses Beast Burgers Feasta Beast philanthropy aren't random they all fit his identity how you can apply this don't just chase news build a recognizable brand what do you stand for what do people associate with your name your content should be more than just entertainment it should create a movement the Best Brands don't sell products they sell an identity four think bigger expand Beyond one platform most most YouTubers Focus only on YouTube Revenue Mr beast turned his audience into an ecosystem of businesses that feed each other how you can apply this don't rely on just one income Source whether you're a Creator entrepreneur or marketer expand into multiple platforms products or Services turn your audience into customers if people love your content they'll support your products courses or Brands your content is marketing if you build an Engaged audience you'll never need to pay for ads five make giving part of your brand Mr BEAST's generosity isn't just a gimmick it's a core part of his brand and people love brands that give back how you can apply this whether you're running a business or growing a personal brand giving back builds loyalty it doesn't have to be money it could be valuable content education mhip or community building the best way to win attention and trust is to give more than you take the final takeaway will you take action Mr Beast success isn't Magic it's not even luck it's a strategic calculated approach to growth and marketing one that anyone can learn from but the real question is will you actually use these lessons most people watch videos like this get inspired and then do nothing but the ones who actually apply these strategies they're the ones who build massive audiences grow Brands and create businesses that last so here's what you need to do pick one strategy from this video and start using it today if you're serious about growth don't just consider assume execute leave a comment below on which Mr Beast strategy you're going to use first and if you found this video valuable make sure to subscribe because we've got even more deep dives into the world's most successful marketers creators and business mobils coming soon this is just the beginning

  Top Comments:
  1. @samuelsolomon6605 [2 likes]: U just started . But it's clear u will Go far here !
Nice content ❤

- The MrBeast-ification of Youtube: Kind: captions Language: en i recreated willy wonka's chocolate factory in real life we're spending the next 100 hours in goku i gathered some of my friends and whichever one of us built the craziest minecraft item to impress in this briefcase i have 25 thousand dollars there are 10 youtubers i have friends hey son does this give you a headache me too let's talk about that i feel like youtube is kind of like cable tv now it's boring as hell it's formulaic algorithmic soulless massive productions and sets are used as replacement for like actual entertainment everyone acts like the same guy and you know what i think you can blame this all on mr beast yeah that's right i'm i'm gonna take him down uh not really i don't really have a problem with jimmy he seems like a great dude he's clearly done a lot of good for a lot of people but this video isn't really about him it's more about the effect that his sheer existence has had on this website i feel like at a time like this where video like this can be created and also get a lot of views i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country there's somewhat of a need to stop for a second and ask ourselves what the hell is going on how did we get to this point let's go back a few years ago jimmy beast founder of beast burger beast uh trees beast chocolate had a very grassroots start on youtube he used to make videos commentating with cod gameplay running in the background talking all about his i don't know his crohn's disease i wasn't really a follower of him back then these videos were pretty cringe as any up and coming youtubers videos usually tend to be but what set him apart really early on from any other youtuber around him is the fact that he actively more actively than anyone else tried to really understand the youtube algorithm i'm sure a lot of people remember these streams that he did when he used to just go and say a certain word 100 000 times it's pretty obvious now to see why these videos were so successful a it's pretty funny seeing a guy doing something like that to himself for no other reason than just for our entertainment b algorithm around the time that he started making these videos the youtube algorithm was really really pushing stuff that had insane watch time and an 11 hour video of you counting will essentially do just that it will have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of watch time jimmy built his business very gradually using every penny that he made from those videos to make his own content bigger and according to himself better now he has channels in multiple languages a few businesses and he's ranking in millions and millions of dollars he's more than just a person now mr beast is a corporation mr beast is a brand as much as i enjoyed that squid game video i really don't think there's that much of a difference between that and something that i may see on tv like i don't know total wipeout or something like that it was admittedly pretty cool to watch but it also feels like a company made it it's very detached from the personal feeling that used to define youtube videos a while ago and now everyone is just trying to copy exactly that i don't really mind jimmy creating his own path and doing his own shtick but one thing that i'm really really exhausted by is seeing these god damn mr beast copycats all over my my goddamn homepage there's like billions of these little guys just just little dudes walking around trying to be mr beast it makes sense when you are the guy on youtube which he definitely is one thing that will always happen is that people will just try to do what you're doing and jimmy has made it easier than anyone else to try and do just that one of the differences between mr beast and other the guys on youtube is that back in the day when you'd ask one of these youtubers have they managed to do what they've done how do they get to their points um they'd give answers that would be kind of um uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh you know man it's it's all about believing in yourself it's all about uh not not worrying you don't need to worry about the algorithm you just gotta you just gotta be yourself you gotta stay true to who you are what are you even talking about i'm in my early twenties do you think i know who i am what do you want me to figure that out now like on the spot wait what are you even what are you even talking about get out of here with all your uh being nice and supportive and all that do you scumbag what if i don't have a personality and i want to be really popular and have loads of money and and fade mr beast is actually quite helpful in that regard he does a lot of interviews where he actually says what he did and like the steps to achieving what he's done but the problem is that because mr beast has reached this level of popularity that has just surpassed anything that has ever happened on youtube people just take every single word of his as gospel like they're getting advice from jesus christ himself you get this situation where people instead of hearing what he has to say and like mixing that up with their own thing their own like individual unique thing that they have going on they decide to do all of his tips and tricks do every step that he decided to do without like giving it any sort of a twist whatsoever this great by the way interview that colin and samir did with mr beast has over 10 million views and i feel like it has more or less become the guidebook to any up and coming mr beast impersonator on youtube the thing i said earlier about having no personality this wasn't like a mean dig at mr beast this is a reference to like an actual thing that he said during that interview in terms of youtube like i'm really curious your perspective on the vlogging format like creators like emma chamberlain her viewership is really significant and sometimes she's just like at her house making coffee and making a peanut butter jelly sandwich how do you think she captures that much attention she's a naturally funny person and like that is a skill but at the same time you're limited by a personality like she's doing well she's you know top one percent of creators but i mean how many views a month like 40 or something like it's great it's phenomenal but it's like there's she's tied down to her personality if you don't like emma then you're not gonna watch your videos you know what i mean this statement is so fascinating because i just think that it explains a lot i mean just think about it being tied down or limited by personality you can get really big on youtube with a strong personality but according to jimmy at the end of the day it is sort of a glass ceiling i don't think that this is him trying to be mean to emma in any way i think that he's just speaking his truth if you want to market yourself the same way that you would a product you gotta let go of that that that silly little personality of yours you gotta completely sanitize yourself from any sort of uh human characteristic to get the most amount of people out there to be okay with you same reason as to why most game show hosts on tv are essentially interchangeable a personality can be something that someone would dislike a personality can be controversial if you just act like a like a youtube made robot it's a pretty safe bet how would you describe jimmy beast like what would be what would be the characteristics that you would assign to him how much do you actually know anything about how he acts i'd say that he's uh loud i guess he shouts quite a bit i recreated every single set from squid game in real life he's a charitable everything you can fit in this circle i'll donate to your charity i don't know it's really difficult to think about that he did a very good job when it comes to differentiating between mr beast the product and mr beast the human being that is a lot of pressure because yeah the product of the video is your personality well yeah because if you're depressed or you're going through stuff you know it's harder to make videos you know i mean he's right genuinely i mean seeing this i can't help but think about this no eating video that he made sure do have a lot of opinions about that one i think that was a that was a bold choice of a video to make man i am not eating any food for the next 30 days mr beast decided to undertake this challenge where he doesn't eat anything at all for about 30 days ended up doing 14 at the end putting this challenge and my problems with it aside for just a second because i'm gonna be talking about that later on in the video this thing offered a pretty interesting look at jimmy's life and it's pretty crazy i hang out with so many youtubers who do so many things and none of them are as busy as this guy he's filming like a billion videos every single day at the same time and when watching these videos because they came out before this one and i do watch i do watch jimmy beast every now and again myself i for the life of me could not tell you that this man was experiencing this sort of uh calorie deficit i was so nauseous that i couldn't film for more than 20 minutes without sitting down for a break i could never tell you that while this guy was like shouting about some chocolate factory or whatever his body was fighting not to pass out i almost scrapped the chocolate factory video because i was so low energy factory in real life the second the camera's on this dude is like a machine he's a professional and he doesn't like anything even not eating for 14 days put that aside he has his set youtube personality and it's fairly easy for him to stick to it i think that hearing him explicitly talk about his show no personality rule in videos has made me really realize why i can't tell the difference between any of these guys ever any of the mini beasts going around doing their own thing i can't tell the difference between any of these guys they all seem the same to me rivera oh man let me describe to you brent rivera well first of all he's uh quite loud he could be quite loud every now and again there are 10 youtubers and we're playing squid game in real life he's very charitable i'm going to be spending 500 000 on my sister lexi's 21st birthday oh matthew beam oh let me tell you about mathy beam oh i love that guy well if i had to describe him i'd say that he can be pretty loud sometimes in this video i will be building mr beast the world's largest candy bar mr b he's very charitable this is going to be amazing everything in the store is off brand mr beast [Music] since you're our first customer you're going to have the chance to win a ton of money um yeah i don't really i don't really know what else though then there's jake corlini man oh man what can i tell you about about jake carlini well i guess i'd say that he has a tendency of maybe being a bit loud sometimes this is a turkey sandwich he's very he's very charitable matthew beam has been dominating youtube and recently hit 1 million subscribers i'm going to build matthew beam a custom play button then there's phidias the guy that did the 100 days at a poor country video wow what can i tell you about phidias well i guess you could say that um what's the word he's very he's very uh i'm going to bury myself alive for the next 24 hours in order to break the water he's pretty loud but also very charity now listen i'm sure that all these people have their very own unique and beautiful soul that i just need to get to know them a bit better and explore that i'm sure that they all have a a swirling ocean of emotions and characteristics and interesting things about their past that i i just need to to get to know jake carlini are you kidding me that guy looks cool as hell all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he can build himself that's impressive that's really really cool matthew beam i don't really i don't really like his haircut all that much but i'm sure that he's a beautiful beautiful man with a beautiful soul but hey you know what's the problem i wouldn't be able to tell you any of that from watching their videos because they all talk like the same guy they all act like mr beast everything in this store is off-brand mr b they all act like some weird emotionless youtube robot and it makes me not care about them at all it's like i'm trying to tell the difference between the minions but not the main cast not uh kevin bob stewart and otto not any of these guys you can learn a lot from mr beast's success but that doesn't mean that you literally need to become him that doesn't mean that you need to wear his own skin and talk like him and walk like him and edit like him be your own guy mr beast there's a phenomenon again popularized by mr beast that in my head i've always referred to as money i don't think i can say the word on youtube so i guess i gotta i gotta censor it with a funny sound effect when i'm editing this video essentially the gratifying part about a money video it's just seeing some guy some some dude and his friends spending more money than you might make in your life or at least this year on some random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that that's just that doesn't even matter on a bunch of useless crap mr beast didn't really invent this as a concept i think buzzfeed kind of kicked it off but like anything that mr beast decides to do there will be two billion guys that will decide to copy that the next day i have 10 hours to spend 10 000 you're gonna win thousands of dollars today we're gonna get ten thousand dollars inside of this bag is ten thousand dollars personally as time goes i care less and less and less about seeing all these like insane amounts of money being spent on videos i think it's just kind of boring like i get it everyone wants to be a game show host now i can watch who wants to be a millionaire as well and i'll get the same effect i think this equivalency that more money spent on a video immediately makes it better is dumb as hell more money on a video can make it so the video gets more views that's absolutely true but to say that a video is better just because it has more views and because someone spent more money on it is really really stupid there's a really cool movie that i watched this year called the kid detective uh just a just a pretty slick murder mystery story that i think a lot of people can enjoy but hey i'm gonna guess that more people watching this video have seen the baby boss movie how do i know that because that one made half a billion dollars in the box office whereas the kid detective made less than half a million does that mean that baby boss is better i'm guessing that more money was spent on it as well um no jesus christ no it just means that it's more palatable to a wider audience if anything that probably makes it more boring having more money can make it so you have a team of researchers helping you scour the market for better ideas that are more algorithmically compatible but does that make the content better or does it just mean that it's taking less risks the other day i was sat around with my friends and one of them decided to put on the brand new sidemen video now the simon are a big group they've been going on for a really long time and they have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money i cannot even describe the amount of money that these guys have the video that was played was them playing a game of hole in the wall you know like the tv show they had a massive production a bunch of cameras as well um you know like a tv show and at that point i can't help but wonder why are we just not watching tv i mean what what's the difference i can't fully explain what it is and i don't know if people watching this will fully relate but the more i see these bigger sets and these bigger budgets the less i care i think that what makes youtube special is the fact that it's not tv that it's more personal feeling it feels more earnest and i really really don't get the appeal or the want or need to try and chase that as like the ultimate goal for us another problem with new and up-and-coming creators obsessing over this idea that more money means better video is that mr b said himself that he often operates at a loss the video we talked about yesterday where you lost half a million dollars on that though when when you look at that number does that worry you well no i mean at the end of the day i could spend less per video a lot of times spend more money on a video than he will ever make off of it he has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of expenses i mean besides the money that he gives out to people he'll have to pay for like a crew a set all that stuff it's a lot of money going out of the mr beast pocket but here's the thing if you're already like a big established youtuber spending that kind of money is not that bad because a lot of these people are like millionaires so who cares mr beast has so many different revenue streams he sells burger he sells uh chocolate he has funds coming from so many different directions that if he loses money on a video i i i think it's safe to assume that he's gonna probably be able to feed himself the next day the problem starts when up and coming youtubers see this sort of thing and they think to themselves [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i guess that if i wanna make it in the youtube game i gotta i gotta take a loan out i gotta build a shrine for mr beast there's so many of these videos by smaller youtubers where they're like building massive thing for mr beast you think that doesn't cost money like whenever i see a guy spending even like a thousand dollars on a video that gets i don't know 70 000 views at the end why it's it's not financially viable in any sort of way it feels like that by youtubers seeing that mr beast has raised his own production levels everyone else thinks that they need to do the exact same thing but that's so dumb because look at jimmy himself he didn't start with like a massive budget the dude kicked everything off in his own room filming himself on his iphone it's unrealistic unproductive and also kind of self-destructive to want to kick off what you're doing on his level the only way that you could do that is by like taking out loans or if you're already rich in this briefcase i have 25 000 dollars i recently found this channel called dylan just just dillon kind of like beyonce i guess he promoted himself on the new ryan trayanne series by donating 50 000 which is a lot of money props to him but then i watched him i watched him donate all that money to all those people and i couldn't help but wonder who the hell is this guy i click on his channel i see that he has over 300 000 subscribers and he has only made five videos so where do you get fifty thousand dollars from three out of those five videos already have over one million views why what's his trick what's his little secret he just spent a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money on stuff mr beast has become the real life willy wonka and he's hiding 10 golden tickets in 10 random chocolate bars and for a chance to be in one of his videos i'm gonna buy 10 000 mr beast chocolate bars dylan mr beast doesn't need all this money it's it's okay man he's he's already like pretty well off i don't think you need to buy 10 000 of his chocolate i think he's going to be okay i feel like i'm watching the same video over and over and over again but how can he afford any of this though then i got an idea this is jim he's our money guy jim i need you to find me 26 people on craigslist so they can buy me mr beast chocolate on it your money guy i'm so confused where'd it it's his first video how'd you get a money guy already what's going on here why are there mr beast like logos everywhere does he work for mr beast am i am i watching an ad right now we got mr b [Applause] let's go well after looking into it for a while it seems like dylan is already an established youtuber he already had money from other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he did so i guess that just goes to prove the point that the only way that you can do that well on youtube when you're starting off is when you already have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money it seems like that's the main thing that people are interested in seeing nowadays a dude wasting a bunch of money to give another guy who's already rich a lot of money how cool now if you watch uh dylan's mr beast or any of these people's videos you'd notice that they're all edited in a very specific way that way being that it's it's annoying and way too fast i have ten hours to spend ten thousand dollars in the world cheapest country everyone that is my son because of a little thing that i like to call retention it's it's not me that it's it's the youtube algorithm the the youtube analytics that's they call it retention it's one of the most important things when it comes to the youtube algorithm it's essentially the metric that states how long people have seen your videos whether it's average amount of minutes watched or average average percentage the reason as to why it's such an integral part to why your video would get recommended or not makes sense sort of i guess i mean that should in theory give some sort of an idea to how much people enjoyed your video i'm sure they shoot for retention as well we're just we're very very serious about it though i don't like using cinematic shots or you know unless like you have multiple cam setups here like if i'm talking to this camera and you're not cutting it for too long that's boring you'll lose retention it's not bad to be obsessed like if people aren't cleaning up that means they're entertained i'm hyper obsessed with just making sure people actually like what they're watching yeah yeah but in a more real sense of things um this has just led to the most annoying uh style of editing in youtube history i think higher retention can indicate if people are more engaged with the video yes absolutely you want to make people engage with what you watch and mr beast's videos are admittedly very very engaging there's a cut sometimes every like less than a second i tied up an fbi agent he steals this hundred thousand dollars from me before midnight he keeps it this but saying that a video is better just because of how engaging it is is kind of dumb and i'll explain exactly why if i for some for some for some silly god-forsaken reason decided to put myself through a brent rivera video i will probably be engaged but at what cost why will i be engaged because his editor puts a sound effect or a cut or a flashing text on the screen every single goddamn millisecond giving me no chance or opportunity to even look away so it seems like they like each other let's do it all right let's go all right so we're here with lexi and andrew so this is john he's a professional lie detector guy we're gonna get the truth today yes there's like nothing to worry about yeah exactly right i [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate this i don't oppose using sound effects and stuff like that for comedic effect in your videos but this is just so forced it's like when they use like a a laugh track and a big bang theory to tell you where to laugh they're just doing this to tell you when to be engaged which is every like all the time does this style of editing mean that the video is better in any way just because like it keeps my eyes glued on the screen no it's just the equivalent of a guy like getting right up onto my face and being like hey hey i hope i'm not ruining my mic hey hey wait hey listen to me hey hey hey am i are you engaged yet hey hey hey hey keep your attention on me hey hey hey hey hey we're going to be doing this in 30 seconds hey look at me hey i'm doing this hey hey hey hey hey hey hey i mean you know fair enough to jimmy i guess he figured out something that works for him and decided to do that do i wish that the squid game video would have been edited like in a slightly slower pace had maybe interviews of the contestants in the game to make me more emotionally invested in what's happening um yes it would have been a lot more satisfying if we were allowed to have this actual emotional impact instead of getting a cut every time things started to be a bit interesting another video that faced a similar problem but in a different way is uh mr beast's i didn't eat food for 30 days video i am not eating any food for the next 30 days whereas with other mr beast videos i feel very indifferent about them this one i i actively dislike here's why i think that retention farming led to a lot of problems with that video one despite what the title says this video depicts two weeks out of jimmy's life when he decides not to eat but because of the way that this whole thing is edited it feels more like i'm watching like i don't know an hour of him not eating like between meals two and this is where we're entering a bit of an ah territory a bit of a uh i don't i don't think he should have done this territory a bit of a ah mr beast mr beast what are you doing territory he decided to gamify this whole thing again to keep retention high what does that mean it means that every once in a while during this video mr beast would go and step on some weights in a fancy game show looking like room and because not eating could make you lose weight that's that's a thing that not eating may lead to every time you stepped on those weights the number went down and he would celebrate he would cheer and celebrate and have such a good time this is what i currently look like and i weigh 220 pounds i'm down two and a half pounds in the last day that's actually pretty crazy now i'm no scientist or an expert on anything really i'm i'm just an idiot but i think that not eating for 30 days or 14 days which is what he ended up doing um can be a bit dangerous body needs food to live and survive you shouldn't make doing what you just did seem like an easy and like fun little task that anyone could do at home you shouldn't turn it into a game today is day number six and for whatever reason i'm feeling really good i don't want to get cocky because i still have 24 days left but i'm starting to think this is actually possible now i do want to state jimmy does mention at a point or two during this video that he is doing this thing with the help of a doctor and that this shouldn't be attempted in any other way but because of this need to keep retention going these mentions are very very fleeting they feel like a very small part of the video and get swallowed up in the whole context of this game that he's doing while losing weight i wouldn't be surprised if in an original edit of this video he may have mentioned that this is a pretty dangerous thing more times he may have given it a bit more weight but because it doesn't actually make the story of the video move forward he may have decided to get someone to edit it out i don't think that jimmy is like satan for making this video i don't think that the idea in itself is bad from the get-go i think this exact same idea could have been done in a way more interesting way maybe edited a bit more slowly actually hear what the doctors have to say a bit longer in the video but instead we got this thing a mr beastified version of a of a documentary a game show about a guy losing weight by not eating for 14 days you guys know the deal 210.1 pounds this is bitcoin this year the impact that this retention first mindset has had on youtube is very very noticeable because like anything the second that mr b says it everyone just does it because because he's jesus christ he's the jesus christ of youtube and now there are youtubers that have taken this advice to such an extreme extent that it feels like retention farming has replaced any sort of form of meaningful content whatsoever i'm obviously talking about matthew beam there it is that's mr b silence i am certain that matthew beam is an algorithm-made human being mr beast shouts mr beam shouts more i gathered some of my friends and whichever one of us builds the craziest minecraft item mr beast doesn't show a lot of personality in his videos mr b moore the main thing that i hate isn't even this guy it's his editing i think it's i think it's so obnoxious mr beast already has a lot of fast cuts in his videos so much that like i said i feel like it removes a lot of the emotional impact that you get from his content but with matthew beast it's it's just on another it's just on a completely other level it's insane it's to the extent that i feel like if i watch his video and i look away for like three seconds i will completely not understand what's happening because he's already moved like five different locations i searched mr beast's island and found this there it is that's mr beast island wow this is going to be insane we're going to be spending the next few days deserted on this island with six seconds have passed wha how many freight how many shots did he have so far help us our boat driver is literally leaving but the only reason i'm here is because of what mr b said yesterday what's up jimmy on my island is buried a treasure chest on my island is buried a treasure chest mr beast is literally talking like a robot in this i i kind of love it on my island is buried a treasure chest on my editor-piney note here this joke has really gone out of hand for some context while making this video i started really really obsessing over this line i just i found it so funny his delivery of it the fact that he sounds like a robot on my island is buried a treasure chest so i rewatched the video with my friends and i was like look guys look at look on my island is buried a treasure chest they found it funny as well and that led to a situation where every time people would meet up in brighton we would say on my island is bare the treasure chest ash at some point even got a tattoo that said anma as in on my island is buried a treasure chest it got really really big on twitter lots of people were tweeting about it the whole thing snowballed so fast and so much that it eventually resulted in mr beast himself tweeting out i may or may not have buried it but there's a treasure chest there what buried treasure on mr beast island i am going to find that he's talking like a robot as well what very treasure chest on mr beast island i am going to find that people don't speak like that i think i don't know it's not my language i guess maybe i'm jumping the gun a bit because this is mr beast island that it has so many amazing things to explore like the beaches that has pigs two different caves and apparently a buried treasure this is actually crazy there's seashells and crabs everywhere well because it's an island what do you mean that's it's not that crazy guys this is crazy i'm on this island there's sand everywhere oh my oh my gosh look at all this sand ah guys this is crazy on my island is buried a treasure chest look at all this sand look at all this sand oh my god real pinely fans know that i love my sand something massive over those wishes this is like a legit jungle this is a this is a legit jungle yeah guys this is a legit room mr beast your island is amazing whoa cheers tastes like dirt i actually like it all right now that we've gotten a quick snack i've this like fast editing is is supposed to make the video like keep me going but i i just i i have like the constant urge to stop watching this i feel like it's burning my brain i feel like it's ruining my attention span by the second it's gonna be so hard to find a treasure chest this island is massive but before we search for the treasure we still have so many other things to find like mysteries wild pigs and the secret cave it feels like the whole video is an intro like every minute he stops to say what they're about to do like they mentioned the pigs a minute ago and now they're doing it again like at a minute and 48 just like keep things going man i don't have dementia i think maybe if i haven't told you already i'm giving one person who subscribes right now whatever is in mr b's treasure chest and a thousand dollars now we're at two minutes 40 and he's bribing his fans to subscribe to him that's pretty cool hey hi since you're subscribed you just want a thousand dollars guys subscribe right now and maybe i'll give you money maybe maybe guys if you subscribe right now if you subscribe this instant if you follow me on instagram i will give one of you a dollar i'm this is i'm not even kidding anyways this sucks ass about two minutes 40 seconds i've given up all the cha-ching sound effects all the little little sound effects that he's putting on every time you just pick something up right here is a giant piece of coin it's so exhausting does he even find the buried treasure chest at the end since we have successfully found the wild pigs i think now it's finally time to find mr beast's berry treasure why does he never use the the little s that shows that something belongs to something like he says mr beast island he says mr beast buried treasure mysteries wild pig brian is inside of on mr beast cave it's mr b silent buried treasure on mr beast island mr beast jungle i left mr b's path did he cut out the s to keep retention going what is that is this it oh it's a traffic chest i found it let's see what's inside there's a bunch of sand and a piece of paper what does it say congratulations now subscribe to mr b what he said on my island is buried the it's not even buried there's a fairly unintentionally funny interview that i've seen where uh matthew beast i mean mr beam i mean uh i mean uh being a mr beast manager that's right i'm not gonna say the s from here on out interviews logan paul uh long time video editor the reason i found it funny is because at one point jamie's manager asks him about his editing process and i think that what he expects him to talk about is like how he decided to also um i don't know sacrifice a few goats to the retention gods but instead everything that he said actually resonated with me really really well every five seconds i would say you have to have a reason to say to your audience hey i would like if you keep on watching my video please don't look anywhere else keep watching me i think that's the biggest sacrifice i am witnessing with uh attention aggressive attention begging content where it's we are losing a huge human element were it to a degree for me and i i'm welcome people disagree it feels like a computer made them this retention obsession makes videos feel a lot more cold more robotic less human with editing it's okay to just let a moment breathe for a little bit have an emotional beat actually be felt a lot of these mr beastified videos especially this one that we've just seen by matthew beam focus a lot more on the clapping in my face consistently thing than actually making anything interesting the way i see this phenomenon reminds me a lot of when i watch videos of people training ais to do certain things but we are the ai youtube showed us what they like and what they don't like and whenever someone crosses that line youtube punishes them until eventually youtube managed to get everyone to act like companies to act like the corporations that they want to promote and then show to advertisers outside by trial and error by punishing youtubers who do what they don't want them to do and rewarding ones that use big sets and like big productions and use this fast cut editing they managed to put everyone in a certain box with enough time they've managed to turn so many people into this ultimate product this advertisable boring thing the mr beastification of youtube has also led people to do some some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people are so obsessed when it comes to this search of like an insanely clickable product that they sometimes lose sight of where the line should be when it comes to just acting like a real and normal human being i present to you this video i spent 100 hours in the world's poorest country what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is the worst poorest country and there is a lot of bad things said about it that's why i'm going to spend the next 100 hours here to see with my own eyes if it's true or not this dude uh mr beastified poverty there are a lot of bad things said about this country what what does that mean what does that even mean what when we arrived in the airport we saw something that we didn't expect the policeman was asking us to give him money for no reason we've reached this insane point of being so desensitized that showing a bit of you talking about i don't know the the corrupt law enforcement in an impoverished country while using uh using a a funny cha-ching effect policeman was asking us to give him money is somehow like normal and acceptable but let me reassure you this video gets a whole lot worse as you go along to be clear though at the end of this video phidias does do a nice thing he goes to like a group of people and he tells them how he's gonna give them money at some point he's gonna be donating like 20 000 of his own money while fundraising another 20k to give them as well and he gives some disabled guy a wheelchair as well so that's obviously a very nice and commendable thing that a man can do i can't take that away from him but that also doesn't take away from the fact that what he's doing throughout this video is just weird he's using these people and their economical state as like props for his video i was wondering if the rumors are true first of all let's talk about the title i spent 100 hours in the world's poorest country bro that's just four days like who who cares this is these people's lives and you think that the four days that you're spending over there do you think that you're like mimicking their state of living you're getting the tiniest of tiniest of tiniest of tiniest of glimpses into what life is like over there in burundi you can't even claim that this is like that you're doing like anything that's actually challenging the dude was clearly staying like in a pretty nice hotel throughout this entire thing 100 hours who cares and throughout this entire video phidias is just so detached from reality it's kind of insane i saw something that i wasn't expecting this is a house of a person people actually live here oh my gosh this is an actual house yeah they live like that because they're poor what is this reaction that you're given what is this music this is a house of a person people actually live here on my way wow guys i can't believe that you're actually living like this what is this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wow wow guys i guess we learned today that people with less money live in worse conditions that i do this is crazy what's this house you actually live in the skit hole [Laughter] jesus christ this is the toilet here nasim camp they do this and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this probably i'm learning so much it's like the best day of my life this is like a movie to me it's so interesting thank you this is like a movie to him this is this is like a movie to him yeah i like that he's putting this uh fun adventurous music in the background while literally showcasing the poor living conditions that these people need to deal with yeah that's that's a good idea i'm learning so much this is like the best day of my life this is like a movie to me i mean as a statement i think this encapsulates fully what's going on in this dude's head while he's filming this video he's just looking at these people as content as like a movie to him something that you'd watch on screen when he's going around filming how these people literally need to take a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in a hole what's going on in the back of his head is probably something along the lines of oh hell yeah this is cool i can i can use this in my youtube video now it's like a movie to me this is like a movie to me yeah don't worry guys because it seems like i may have been giving fideos a bit too much slack um because a second afterwards he gives me one of the most one of the most important life lessons that i could have ever heard in my entire life i want to say guys that poor doesn't mean bad who is like being tall or sure it's just a fact and doesn't define guys it's me phineas gandhi being poor doesn't necessarily mean being bad it's just a neat little quality that you're born with like being tall or being cool or being sexy like me it's just another thing that everyone has and we should just accept people for who they are whether they're poor or cool rich and sexy like i am the fact it doesn't define you i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country so we went to the orphanage what i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country so we went to the orphanage i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country so i went to the orphanage he's literally like treating them as if they're animals in a zoo buddhist really wants to go to the orphanage but they're not letting him i know he really wants to see how things are here he's he's attempting to break into an orphanage is this guy this is this guy like from this planet we went to the orphanage fides really to see how things are here yeah man we should go to the orphanage that's that's where we're gonna get the best kind of content these people these kids are gonna look so poor oh my can you imagine if i'll be able to use the poor orphan children in my thumbnail ah later on he actually managed to go in after like talking the the people in charge of the orphanage into it and he seems to be actually upset with the fact that they didn't allow him to film the kids inside after a lot of time our guide convinced them to let us in but they didn't allow us to feel except this little kid that has malaria i don't know in what kind of like view seeking um trance are you in right now but you need to wake the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up these kids these orphaned children shouldn't be the prop for your video you absolute maniac this is genuinely genuinely disgusting this is like the level of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when people talk about how like detached influences are this is that this is the most extreme case of that i've ever seen in my whole life it's crazy that these people are just like programmed to act in the exact same way no matter what scenario that they're in that it felt normal for him to go into that sort of situation and again act like he's mr beast even had the audacity to try and like squeeze a life lesson out of it that poor people aren't bad just because they're poor yeah man no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wait like wha what are you three there are some times where this maddening search for clout and content needs to stop videos really wants to go to the orphanage but they're not letting him i think people tend to forget that part of the reason as to why jimmy became as big as he did was because he was doing his own thing sure he may have seen other people and like taken inspiration for them and that's absolutely fine but the problem starts when people see his level of success and try to imitate it by copying everything that he does including his editing his ideas his literal speech pattern at the end of the day i think that the answer to all this is probably somewhere in the middle it doesn't make sense to just ignore everything that mr beast says just because he's the one saying it he gives a lot of very good like genuine advice to people starting off but i just want to see people trying things that are not just being him i want to see [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that doesn't feel soulless i want to see stuff that isn't just like oh look how much money we're spending this day because i don't think that's interesting at all that's why i really love that ryan trahan series where he traveled america using one penny i thought that was pretty damn cool it was the opposite of spending too much money on crap that nobody needs and throughout the entire series it was edited in like a really nice way if you watch a new series you'd see that ryan intentionally leaves in moments where he's being a bit awkward maybe or like being a bit shy leaving in bits that might be boring to your average uh matthew beam editor but guess what he managed to create something that's really interesting and genuine and managed to help people as well without the budget of like a a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] supercar the story in these videos revolves about ryan as a person the people he meets the emotional beats in these videos actually feel real since ryan's series did really really well and gained him like millions of subscribers i can only hope that this will set some sort of example to other people who knows i can only i can only hope what i do know is that you should subscribe if you want to uh live forever check out my last video about the cult of andrew tate and that's it from me whoops i forgot to say uh follow me on twitch i'm gonna start doing streams very very soon i'm gonna be traveling in india and thailand in the next week or so so i'm gonna be doing irl streams over there but before that i want to turn your confessions into t-shirts yeah just click on the link in the description to my instagram and just and just fill in the thing that i put on my story give me your craziest confessions i'm gonna turn it into a t-shirt on pinelli on twitch that's it goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pinely [7500 likes]: like and subscribe if onma island is buried a treasure chest
  2. @TheChaosDragoness [4 likes]: I'll forever agree with Jacksepticeye. MrBeast ruined YouTube.
  3. @cockyroaches [1 likes]: "if you want to succeed in this field, you need to let go of every aspect of your personality" congrats man you just reinvented Jobs
  4. @Office_chair [1 likes]: 25:01 EXACTLY he's making it look fun and good and trendy to which if your audience is impressionable kids.... See the problem ?

Since even if you put disclosures there's still plenty of kids that are going to try it out because they look up to you.
  5. @TaylorToman [1 likes]: You're a great guy and this video is fantastic but the "on my island" bit went on WAY too long 😭
  6. @thearizanitesstation [1 likes]: You can document places. That said, viewer perception also depends on tone, language, and framing. The same place can be shown in a respectful, educational way or in a sensationalized way.
  7. @NeoDJDAN [1 likes]: Pinely saying "Hey" is more engaging than Jimmy Chrons.
  8. @shinrasenpai33 [1 likes]: No matter what people release, Mr Beast is TOO big to fail.
  9. @ErebusTheDragonn [1 likes]: You can go quite a while without food. Fasting is actually a rather common thing many people do for health reasons, such as to lower inflammation, loose weight, or to “flush out” the body.
  10. @Londoño_90: 40:58 They should call the police cause this is a creep action, for real send him to jail
  11. @Gerargeplublicalember: 1:11 the poorest what?
  12. @Nturner822: I’d rather almost anything else on yt…he could’ve done so much good but is just a manipulative narcissistic control freak who doesn’t care about anything or anyone. Covering all costs while increasing subs is not remotely generosity or philanthropy
  13. @punkrockNoir: Thumbs down for the annoying tone at the beginning
  14. @rockyf4981: then you are watching the wrong videos, the algorithm is based on what you watch and your interests. Literally NONE of these creators come up on my feed because i don't watch them.....
  15. @n1h1L1sticc: lol the part where u said youtube being like cable tv now is exactly what i thought. on my second thought cable tv was actually making sick content back in the day, and not the kind of slop u see on youtube.
  16. @Marco-qr8jb: Google's gemini recommended me your video after I asked if there was a term for videos that have a ton of sfx and vfx
  17. @parfa1ts: Inma phone is buried Pinely
  18. @slyceth: 6:50 no he just means that you need to attract people with good content and cant rely on existing fame
  19. @phantommide9985: Glitter: pretty, shiny, eye catching
Glitter store: options, overwhelming, still shiny.
Glitter factory: that's a lot of MATERIAL. 

The concentration of something doesn't mean better. Things blend and become just...material. Somehow, these guys tried so hard to make something exciting, they just...made <video>.
  20. @the_pearl_guy: damn I dint know pinley was an LA carnival fan

- How MrBeast Grew His Channel: Kind: captions Language: en - In some of my videos, I've literally given away over a million dollars. (cinematic music) A lot of people think that I just came up in a rich household, and I'm a trust fund baby. I get called that a lot. In reality, my mom was in the military. She was a single mom and she worked a lot. What's up, guys? I basically did YouTube videos for years without making any money. When I first started, the videos were horrible, and then they slowly got less and less horrible throughout the years. Even then when I was making money the first few years, it was nothing, it was scraps. You grind and you grind and you grind, year after year, after year after year. It definitely does hit you, but I had more reasons than just wanting to be famous or just wanting money. Anything that you can fit in this mysterious circle, we'll pay for it. - [Man] Thank you so much. - Dude that's awesome (people clapping) - We ain't never have nobody bless us like this. - As selfish as it sounds, I like helping people because it just makes me happy. I like seeing their faces light up, I like seeing how excited they get. Nothing is more entertaining than just seeing someone just go from like having a rough day to just going like "What!". - Genuinely from the bottom of my heart, thank you. Thank you. - Aww. It's just what I love. It literally is what makes me happy. (calm music) I was really shy, especially when I was younger, I really didn't like being around people. Just thinking about possibly being a YouTuber one day was enough to keep me happy. I wanna use brands to allow me to help people. I was like, "I think I just cracked the code." At the end of the day, I'm just kind of selfish. Giving people money makes me happy. If you had told me when I was 13 that I would give away a million dollars in a single video, I just wouldn't have even known how much money that was. I would be like, "Is that more than a hundred bucks?" I mean, $50 was a lot to me back then. I'm just from a small town, relatively small town in North Carolina, just grew up with my brother. My mom raised us, nothing too crazy. My mom was in the military, which is why I was born in a different state than my brother. We were always moving around. - I was on active duty for 21 years. And for a couple of those years, Jimmy was moved around on a couple army installations. - It definitely made for an interesting childhood at that age. - Jimmy as a child, some of my younger memories of him, little Legos, building Lego forts. Like the entire room is a huge Lego fort. He was intense, and he was passionate about what it was that he was working on at the time. - As weird as it sounds, especially when I was younger, And I have a very obsessive personality. When I like something, it just consumes my life. My first instance of that was probably baseball. I didn't want to do anything else. Good luck getting me to study for a test at that age. - When he first found that bat at 10 years old, it was nonstop. He was driven in Little League, going on to playing in Babe Ruth, he absolutely loved baseball. - But, my first time going on the baseball field for a Little League practice was just the most awkward thing ever. I didn't know how to socialize. (children speaking indistinctly) A funny story is I would always wear my hat like this, and the coaches will pull it up. I was beyond shy. Even if there was a person in front of me, like good luck getting me in to talk to them, impossible. I didn't have that much social interaction. My mom wasn't home much. I watched a lot of ESPN. But outside of sports, it was just literally YouTube. That was all I watched. No one in my school liked videos so I kind of just felt like an outcast 'cause I just was hyper obsessed over it and no one else really related to me on it. - Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. - Chris is one of my oldest friends, probably my oldest friend that I still know to this day. I dare you to slap Chris. (Chris grunts) I've known him basically my entire life, and especially when I was doing videos earlier on. - This should be in the outtakes, I don't know why I'm having so much fun. - He was the funniest guy I've ever met. And I just noticed that when he was in the videos, they were so much funnier. And he's just so good on camera. - I'm sorry. Interviews make me so nervous, I'm sorry. Me and Jimmy first met when we were in, like, I think he was in middle school, I was in high school. We were kind of the only kids that really liked YouTube and really enjoyed talking about it. But then one day he said that he wanted to start a channel of his own. - I have a memory of this one video I watched back then where one of my favorite creators, Woody's Gamer Tech, quit his job and went full-time on YouTube. And this was like before, like a lot of people didn't even know you could make money on YouTube back then. I remember seeing that I was like 12, then it kind of just clicked in my head, I was like, wait a minute, you can make money doing this. That's one of my first memories of when, like I really started consuming YouTube. 'Cause then from that point I was like, oh, like, I kind of want to do this. - [YouTuber] This may be a challenge, back off. - I was there with Jimmy the day he created his YouTube channel and I was actually his first subscriber. - When you create an account on Xbox, they have this thing where it just gives you a gamer tag. And I was just like Mr. Beast, this sounds cool. Oh, oh crap. I've never, don't. Go, you freaking orange square. - During that time, he was kind of trying a bunch of different things. - [Jimmy] What is going on guys, I'd have kind of a mini rant for you guys real quick. - He started making commentary style YouTube videos, which is like, you have somebody playing a video game and then you're just talking over, giving your opinions about it. - I don't want to give like YouTube tips or anything 'cause I'm not a big channel at, by any means. - He started doing that for a while, which kind of turned into a new series that he started, where he was talking about YouTubers and how much money they make. - [Jimmy] What's up guys. Pewdiepie is getting around seven and a half million views per day, which is around 13 14,000 a day. And millions upon millions of dollars a year. - That's the type of stuff I was making when I was like 14, 15 on YouTube. And then when I was 15 years old, I got diagnosed with Crohn's (tense music) It was pretty rough, basically your intestines are inflamed. And because they're inflamed, you don't process food as well. So I eat something. It would just go right through me, like literally within a day then, because it's so inflamed. It's like, someone's just dragging like a knife across your stomach. So it was super painful. - Jimmy's diagnosis of Crohn's was earth shattering the weight loss, the loss of energy, all those facets of Crohn's attacked him really, really bad. And it was, it was a pretty serious situation. - I went from like 180 pounds down to 139. I remember 139 because that was my lowest, which at 6''2 was like a frail little twig. I mean, I barely could get out of bed. I had no energy to do anything. I didn't even want to go to school and I just hated my life back then, I was really miserable. - He didn't have an ability to hold down any food. It was months and months and months for us to figure out a treatment plan so that he could start eating again. - Playing baseball was pure torture, especially the medicine I was on. I was always throwing up behind the dugout and I always had to go use the bathroom a bunch during the games. I probably would have tried to play baseball in college, but because of Crohn's, it definitely changed the trajectory. And I was like, all right, I'm done with that. And then I just went all in on YouTube and I was beyond obsessed. Hey you, subscribe. Me being shy and not liking talking and not having much confidence were like such a big obstacle. I'm just kidding. But despite that, I still just did it just because I just wanted it so bad. Have a good day, I don't know. This is my trailer, kind of sucks. (explosion) I was like, you know what, I don't like talking to people, but I just really like making videos. So as weird as that sounds so. I just gotta get used to it because this is just kind of what I enjoy doing. So I'm gonna try to commit myself to making a video every other day for the next three months and just see where my YouTube channel goes. - At first, it seemed like a hobby, but then he wouldn't want to go to the movies. He wanted to focus on filming a video. And like when I started hanging out with him, filming more videos with him, I understood that for him like this was like, he's obsessed with it. Like this is what he wanted. - Look at it quadruple digits. Why does this guy have 2000 subscribers? And why am I speaking in third person? 3,000 subscribers! I've always told myself when I hit 10,000 subscribers, I will tell my mom that I do YouTube. When I first started making content. I definitely did not tell my mom. And that comes back to me just being super shy. And I just didn't know how she would react. So for the first few hundred videos, she had no idea. And she always thought I was just talking to someone in my room. You know that chick from Twilight that can read minds? - And I'd be walking past his room. And he'd just be talking to people on the computer. - Well, I'm her cousin and I can read minds as well. - I thought it was the people he was gaming with. I thought it was baseball friends. I thought it was people from high school. Never, ever did I connect that he was actually doing YouTube videos. - Surprise. One time I was being really loud when filming and she actually told me you shouldn't hang out with that person anymore. I was like, yeah mom, I'll make sure not to hang out with him anymore. (whimsical music) I had this really crappy hand-me-down laptop. I think my brother got it for Christmas. And I ended up kind of just like stealing it and using it. I didn't know how to edit. I didn't know how to pace the video. I didn't know how to do anything. I basically had nothing, knew nothing had no money and just was just like grabbing things like we're just going to try and make this work. That's my keyboard. That's my mouse. That's my green screen. I'm kind of poor so that's where I set my camera on. It was really rough back then to make content. - I thought going through high school and while he was living in the house that this was just a hobby. This was just a filler of time. It was just an experiment. - In the first few years, I didn't make anything on YouTube because I wasn't in the partner program. To get ads on your videos you've got to be kind of big (inspirational music) The next few years it was collecting scraps to buy decent equipment. Sorry, my hands shake... And the Windows phone I had, Windows phones suck. It was like 480p, it didn't even make sense. It looked like you were rubbing sandpaper on the lens. I had to save up for months to buy a microphone. So it would stop making people's ears bleed. This is my galaxy tablet. It's a piece of crap. And then I had to save up for practically a year to buy a computer that didn't crash when I was editing. And then after that, I managed to convince my mom or my dad, someone to give me like a used iPhone. And that's when it changed. - See this right here? This describes the older Mr. Beast. - I saw the drive in him come to be when he first started doing the in real life, the IRL videos. Then when him and Chris started interacting, that's where I saw the passion come out. - Mom, you lucked out. You're gonna have a lot of toilet paper and saran wrap. - We should burn this. The main goal of the channel was to just make people laugh. Can't wait to ride in this bad car, all the way to Raleigh, Jimmy. - Yeah, we'll take the (bleep) wheel. - The original days we were doing skits and like jokes and stuff like that. - You know what you need to do. - And he had a couple of videos that went like pretty big for his size, but they never went viral. It was always just like he had a smaller community, like a niche community that really enjoyed them. - Whoa, dude, a new monitor. A lot of my earlier videos, they sucked because I just wasn't entertaining back then, I was stupid. Every night before bed. I'd just be like, it sucks. It's a lot of work. And I feel like I'm not getting anywhere, but if I just do it long enough, eventually it will click, eventually I'll figure it out. As of right now, I'm enjoying YouTube. I don't know why I had that kind of mindset at such a young age, but it's just like, I just love it. And I just couldn't stop. It took me 75,000 views to make my first a hundred dollars off YouTube. I'm making around $30 a month. I've just always felt pulled to it, I don't understand, I don't get it. Do it one more time. - Well, I don't have to keep on doing this. At that point I didn't really take it too serious. I found it as a way to just hang out, have fun. Even when the videos were getting like three, four or 5,000 views, which at the time to me, that was incredible. I didn't ever think they would get that many. I still was like, this is fun. I enjoy doing this, but I don't think this is ever gonna become like a thing. I made a mistake. (school bell ringing) - When we're in his senior year in high school, the passion about this YouTube is coming to be the obsession with YouTube is coming to be the drive is really starting to show a lot more I'm first-generation college student. So I was raised that college was really important. It was really important to my parents that I go. So it just seemed reasonable to me that Jimmy should go to college. - I never wanted to go to college. My whole goal in all of high school was to never go to college. I was just like, if I can just make enough money before high school is over, I can just do this. That's where I like doubled triple, quadrupled down on YouTube. I'm like, oh, I'm still only making a few bucks a day. Like we got to figure this out. - I gave the ultimatum going into that fall. Jimmy, you can stay in the house if you go to school. If you don't go to school, you're gonna have to leave. - So I went, but I just stopped going to classes. And I just didn't tell my mom and I would film videos while I was at college is what I would tell her. But somehow when I got there, maybe I just got a big spark of motivation and went harder. But that's when things actually clicked and like my viewership did start going up quite a bit. This is a table. I'm going to take these plastic knives. I'm going to cut all the way through it. So like in that first month of college, I did start making enough money to move out. Probably like a thousand bucks a month or something. That's when I didn't hesitate. I was like, I'm done. I'm not going. I'm like calling Chris. I'm like Chris, we're moving in together. He's like, I don't know if I can afford it. I'm like, I got you. I just need to move out places here aren't super expensive. Like $720 a month gets you a really nice place. And I told my mom, I was like, yeah, I haven't actually been going to college all this time. And I was like, I'll move out next week. - He left. I never paid for his rent. I never paid his utilities. I never paid his car bill. So there had to been enough financial means going on behind here that he was already capable of taking care of himself. And this is months after he graduated from high school. - So this thing's full of explosives. This is a thousand dollar keyboard. (explosion booms) From the moment I dropped out of college that is where I just went all in. I would wake up, work on videos and then I'd go to bed. That's where I just went hyperdrive is definitely where I got really weird with it. And then one day Chris showed me this anime and I just couldn't take a break from working to watch it. I was like, how can I make content while also watching anime as weird as that is, I'm about to count to a hundred thousand. To be honest, no one on YouTube has ever done something that stupid, just counting for 40 hours. Let's just one, two, three, four. It garnered a ton of attention. 1001, 1002, 1003, 1004, 1005, 1006. It's one of my first like real viral videos. 76,111, 76,112 76,113, 76,114. And that's where it kinda clicked. Like, oh, like if I do interesting things, people will watch. 100,000! What am I doing with my life? - He started doing all these kinds of crazy, ridiculous, like lengthy challenge that nobody had ever done. - What's up guys today, I'm gonna be reading the entire Bee movie script. With the little plot twist. Every time the word bee comes up, I'm going to say all the previous ones. - Everybody was reacting to it. And so I think that gave him like a really big initial boost in the beginning. - Bee bee, bee, bee. And that's when I kind of just realized that like, if I really go all in, I really be creative and unique and I do things that... Bee, bee, bee, bee, bee, bee... just no one else would do because they're so hard and takes so much effort, right. People have no choice, but to watch it because it's just interesting. You know what I mean? What's up, guys. I'm going to be watching It's Every Day Bro, for 10 hours straight. After that I watched two different music videos for 10 hours straight and those did well. And then I read the dictionary, masterpiece, mastery. I spun a fidget spinner for 24 hours and I actually broke the world record on that one. - I was kind of amazed that people cared. 'Cause like who's watching somebody read the entire dictionary, like all that kind of stuff. But if you think about it, it's so original that you kinda just have to click on it. And I was like, wow, that's genius. - It broke. We're going to be microwaving a microwave. - The moment where I knew he was gonna make it. He had an initial boost in subscribers that went from like 400 to like 750,000. And then we would see them get millions of views. And I was like, oh, this is where it's at. He's actually starting to make it like it was the beginning of all of this. - This is a new weekly series where I'm getting companies to sponsor my videos. One, two, three. All right, so this is where things get fun. My first ever actual brand deal. (phone vibrating) Basically this agent manager kind of guy that represents Quid called me and was like, Hey, we'll give you $5,000 for a video, which was insane at the time. Just I make a video and I get five grand. Four, five. - Jimmy calls me and he's like over the moon ecstatic mom, mom, mom, mom. You're never going to believe what just happened. Somebody just offered me $5,000 to put an ad on my channel. And I was like $5,000. That's really, really great. Yeah, I turned it down. - And I remember this vividly because I'm just standing in my driveway and I'm like, no, I want $10,000. And he's like 5,000. I'm like, no, I want 10,000. I just want to walk out my front door and go give it to a homeless person. And he's like really? Nine, 10. - And I'm shocked. Like that's, you're a great idea for your first time you're getting a brand deal. - You know, he's probably going to think you stole this money. - I'm an undercover cop. - Just kidding, you don't look like a cop at all. Look at those flip flops, Jimmy called me up and he was like, Hey, I need a camera man for something I'm gonna do. And he told me to meet him at Walmart and he showed me the envelope that had 10 grand in it and he was like, I'm gonna give that homeless guy 10 grand. And you're gonna stand here and film it. - Hey. - That's literally all the preparation I had for it. - I'm a YouTuber, I mean, you can see the camera. So I'm just, it's a series where I just, you know, be nice and just give people some help. So if you want to take it, it's about $10,000. I'm not joking. - Yeah, right. Man, are you fucking with me? - No, I'm not. - Is it real? - Yeah. I swear. No, I don't like. - Oh man. - After it happened, we actually went and got dinner with the guy and talked a little bit about his situation. So it was really cool to hear him talk about how it would help him and stuff like that. - How did it feel handing someone $10,000? Obviously great, seeing his face light up. - These guys are the best. These guys are unbelievable. - I had never heard so much enthusiasm. I had never heard so much heart. I had never heard so much feedback about any video that him and Chris had done from the time. I mean his heart was changed and he talked about it over and over and over again about how fulfilling and how awesome it was that he was able to help somebody out and give him the money. - The video did great. Obviously the guy was happy, Quid was happy, I was happy, and since it did so well, I literally took that money and I did another one. One of the next videos I did with Quid was we actually tip pizza delivery drivers, a ton of cash. Do you have changed for a 100? - I do not have change for a 100. - Okay, do you have changed for 300? - I also don't have changes? - I guess you just going to have to keep it - Oh, cool. - Have a good day, man. - Thanks. - That was a really special video to me. 'Cause there was a lot of them. We didn't just do one, we did like a dozen plus drivers. - Are you for real? - Yeah. - No you're not. - Oh my fuckin' God. - I know! And like a lot of them like, I mean just broke down in tears in front of me. - What? Come here, man! - Thank you. - Yeah, it's all right. (drivers laugyhing) It's like even it makes me tear up a little bit just thinking about it. Like they just were so emotional and one of the people that I tipped, he actually came back the next day to my house and I opened the door and he was just balling. - You gave me money. But what money meant like to me is I actually got to ask someone to take the rest of my shift. - And he's like, I just got to spend the day with my kid because you gave me money and it allowed me to take a day off. And he was just like, it's really incredibly thankful. And so like that made me feel good, that made me happy. And I was like, that's cool. I kind of want to do this more. So I had this idea if I take this branded money and I give it away in the video, that video will do well. And then I take the money from that video and I give away in the next video and that video will do well and kind of like create this cycle. That's when I was like, I want to use brands to I was like, I think this would be like a really cool thing. And I was just like freaking out. I was like, I think I just cracked the code. You probably don't take tips, but take $200. - Seriously? You got? - Are you serious? - Yeah, yep sir. - And Jimmy has given the money away and they're making videos. It seems to be working. And then next thing you know, he's at my door. - Hello mother. - Hey guys. - I arrived with my friends - Oh, hey, everybody. - Try not to be too mad at me. So you saw me carrying this. And so I wanted to give you money to put towards your house or something. Don't you owe a lot of money on your house. Yes, so I wanted to give you a check to have you pay for it - No. - Hey mom, I'm here to give you a $100,000 to help you pay off your house. What, what are you talking about? Like, you know, you're here to help me. No, Jimmy. - Y'all gonna make me cry. - I remember the day he did that. Just the pure happiness, like on his face as he was telling her that. - Should we get all emotional. - That was his way of saying, thanks, mom. Thanks mom, for all that you did for me. Thanks for all that you did growing up and here, I want you to be part of my success. (mom laughs) - Obviously it felt great. I mean, I don't know how to really describe it in words I'm not the best at that, but you know, she needed the money and she was working a lot still and it meant a lot back then. - I first became aware of Jimmy through a friend of mine. When I looked back at all his content throughout the years, I could see that he had been making videos since he was 14 years old. So I knew that he wasn't gonna give up. That was actually something that stood out right when I went to the channel, he was going to do whatever he could to be a successful digital creator. - It's to reminds me to upload, boys. I ain't playin' around no more. We're about to grind our way to the top. - I thought he's at a point where he's poised to actually catch a break. - This is actually my first time buying a storage unit. - When I met him, he did not have a lot of money to his name. - This unit, I paid $350 for. - But that's just kinda how we ran the business early on. It was like make a hundred thousand dollars, spend a hundred thousand dollars. - So we got 32 pairs of shoes. - He had grown 1.6 million subscribers when we had first initially met and he makes money off what Google calls AdSense. It's the ads that you see before the YouTube video, during the YouTube video that are burnt into the video from YouTube and creators also make money from direct sponsorships. - Pause, basically Like sponsored this video. Quid is an app where you can collect- Honey is a free browser. - And so he was taking on both of those revenue streams and he was giving that amount of money away in the video. - We have 3 million pennies and we're going to deliver it to my 3 million subscribers. - I'm just in shock right now because to be honest, I didn't know what 3 million pennies look like until now. And there's a shit load. - Between the videos where we like gave money to people. Whether it be like people that were in need or Twitch streamers or anything like that, we kind of filmed like random videos. That's really the only way to describe it. - Do you know what color this is? - Orange? (hip hop music) - He doesn't even know he's color blind. - We tried to climb a wall with plungers one time for a video. - One video, we're buying everything in a store and then donating it to a food bank. And the next video, I mean walking up to people, giving them my credit card and telling them they can buy whatever they want. We also have videos where we spend 24 hours in the middle of a desert and completing a marathon in the world's largest pairs of shoes. I don't like this. - I don't either. - They were 10 pounds. We have blisters on our feet. We technically haven't even past the start line. - We're actually negative into the race. - And then after that things really started to change. Yeah, it was, it was crazy. One thing about YouTube is growth is definitely exponential. It's not like you go from like a million views to like 2 million. It's like a million to 10 to 100 million. Once I got on that exponential curve, I was just like, oh my goodness, like, wow. Hey mom, I told you dropping out of college was a good idea. - And lo and behold, you know, I met him at a million and a half subscribers somewhere in that area. And we finished out 2018, around 13.6 million. - My income didn't go up like this over the years, it was like, you know what I mean? (rhythmic music) Around that time is where I bought my first designer clothes, like shirts that cost a thousand dollars, which is stupid. And I even bought like a nice car back then as well, because I thought expensive materialistic objects made you cool back then. But then once you have a nice sports car, you realize like, it's cool. But like, if you have Crohn's or if you have other issues, they don't just go away because you have a nicer car. And to me, a lot of that stuff was overrated. So I got rid of it all and realized like, that's just not what makes me happy. I didn't just want to make money to make money. I think if you have a goal in life, right? If you have something you're aiming for, I think it helps you work those longer hours. It helps you pull those all nighters because you have something that you wanna accomplish. - He really looks up to, you know, Steve jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates, none of them were flashy. That's not part of who they are. What they really care about is changing the world. And I think that's really rubbed off on him. He doesn't care about nice stuff, he never will. Like, he cares about the people's lives that he impacts. - I have to do a sale. Like and subscribe to Mr. Beast. Just say it real quick. - Like and subscribe to Mr. Beast. - Now, you have to say it. - Like and subscribe to Mr. Beast - Thank you, that was pretty easy. - Dude, are you serious? - Heck yeah. - Why are you doing this for? - That's just for fun. I really think positivity can be just as interesting as negativity. I just think it's harder. That's that's the distinction. I think it's easy just to trash talk or tear down something. I think it's a lot harder to make like an upbeat fulfilling video that's also entertaining. We get messages all the time from like moms who are like, yeah, my little kid watched your videos and now they want to go volunteer. And now they want to go donate their own money. And they're wanting to give away their own allowance. Even other creators that, you know, after we do something, they do something similar. And that is one thing that's fulfilling for me to know that like a lot of the influence we are leaving is positive and encouraging. We have a circle under this tarp, but anything you can fit in this mysterious circle - We are the only soup kitchen in town, and we serve about 35,000 meals. - Wow. - Thank you so much. - We ain't never had - I like to do just unique, crazy, insane things, and just keep the focus with positive helping. So whenever we come up with a crazy, insane idea, usually it does go that direction 'cause that's kind of just the goal. So I had this idea that I wanted to plant a million trees for one of my videos. And so, you know, like we do, we start just seeing if it's actually feasible. We did a bunch of research. We called a bunch of companies and we came to the conclusion that I was stupid and it's not possible. A million trees is way too many trees to plant. So then I did something that's typical for me when something's not possible. I somehow make more impossible. And I'm like, oh, I'm about to hit 20 million subscribers. I want to plant 20 million trees. And everyone's like, does your brain not work? And I'm like, Nope, I want to plant 20 million trees. So then I just threw out a tweet and I was like to celebrate 20 million subscribers. I want to plant 20 million trees if anyone wants to help reach out. And that's kind of where this ball started rolling. I ended up connecting with Mark Rober. - I am a former NASA and Apple mechanical engineer turned YouTuber. - Obviously, unlike me, he's a NASA scientist and engineer. He's done lots of cool stuff and he's a lot older and wiser. And so he was able to help me iron out the details. - I was still working at Apple. He called me up and I know exactly where I was. I walked outside of the building and we were pacing back and forth being like, is this something we could do, is this possible? You know, more and more people started liking it and retweeting it. So it was clear there was like an appetite for this. - How do we actually plant 20 million trees? At first we wanted our subscribers to buy seeds and then like, they go plant seeds in like their backyard or saplings. But the problem is like you could plant a tree and it could be an invasive species. So you could harm the trees around them depending on where you plant them. - We realized whatever we did we wanted it to be like ironclad, bulletproof. If we were going to be asking kids to like give their money like to this cause we want her to make sure it was going towards actually planting trees. And it would be done in a way that would actually help the planet. - So we kept working on it relentlessly and eventually we got connected with the Arbor Day Foundation, they've planted hundreds of millions of trees. If these guys can plant hundreds of millions of trees, I think they could actually plant 20 million trees. They gave us hope. So then me and Mark asked them like, could they actually plant a tree for a dollar? Because we thought of the slogan, right? $1 equals one tree. Here's a dollar and I donated it. - Literally that dollar will go towards planting one tree somewhere across the globe. Ultimately our goal was to plant trees on all the continents, except for Antarctica. Arbor Day will work with local partners all across the globe, their message is plant the right tree at the right place at the right time. It's like doing this responsibly so it actually matters and makes a difference. - So then we started tinkering with the name, we eventually ended up on Team Trees, $1 equals one tree. Team Trees was also different than what I normally do because the point wasn't really a video. The point was literally - We actually didn't create a ton of content around Team Trees. He was like, this is something that I truly care about. I think we can do it. It's going to take a lot of work. But if we're able to raise $20 million to plant 20 million trees, like that is life-changing on so many ways. - I think the biggest thing we wanted to prove is that the internet isn't just all talk. Like if we really put our minds together and try to make a positive change, like we can actually do it. - And then once I decided that the next problem was, how do we raise $20 million to plant the 20 million trees? - So the goal was to plant 20 million trees by 2020, in other words, to raise $20 million. But that meant we had like two months to do it, which is bonkers. But by making such an audacious goal and just saying like the only way this happens, you guys, is if we all band together and just really selling that vision. - They started reaching out to these YouTubers and I was expecting them not to care. I was expecting them to be like, yeah, yeah, I don't care about your stupid tree thing. Like I got my own stuff, I'm busy. But that wasn't the response. Almost every single YouTuber I message was like actually excited. And I was shocked. They were like, yes, like I want to be involved. This is a good cause. And like a lot of them seemed like genuinely interested in helping. And so as we started reaching out to creators, we kept seeing the same enthusiasm. We slowly just built a large group of influencers. - Oh, hi Mark. - Hey Zach. - We've got a dollar for you. Oh, okay. - So you're gonna take the dollar, put it in some dirt and then pull you get a tree. - I'm so excited. - I genuinely was just shocked by just how much these creators cared. Literally hundreds of creators made videos on their channels to raise money, to plant trees, - 20 million trees, I am so in. - Proud members of Team Trees, filming a music video. - I would plant at least a couple of trees. - The reason I'm most excited about this is it feels like the end of Power Rangers when they would all assemble into the big thing and fight stuff together and do good. - We will be planting 20 million trees. - Team Trees was launched on October 25th, 2019. - And we put them in the hole. - We either thought it would just absolutely crash and burn and it would just be an absolute disaster or we would hit our goal. And it would be like a big success. - Only 19,999,980 more trees, let's go. Once we put it out there, the world kind of just like took it and just blew it up. Look at all these people we're easily going to hit 20 million. One of the fun things about Team Trees is we actually had a leaderboard. So you could see that the top donators. And so it started off at like 10,000 and then it got up to a hundred grand, which is insane. A hundred thousand dollars donated is a hundred thousand trees planted. Elon Musk donated a million dollars. I think we ended with the top donation being like $1,000,001 just to be at the top. - It's definitely not true that this campaign happened because all these corporations stepped in the median donation was something like $4. This was tooth fairy money. This was sixth grade bake sale money. And the real power here is that kid who's now part of Team Trees who donated $2. They also are much more likely to turn off the light when they leave the room. Or if they see their friend putting trash on the ground or not recycling, it's like, yo, like I'm on Team Trees, all right. - It only took a month to hit the goal, a 20 million. - It was just so crazy to see us smash that goal in such little a time. And like, yeah, I honestly did not think we were gonna hit the goal by the end of the year, but we crushed it. - I cannot express in words just how amazing the YouTube community was and how much love they showed Team Trees and just how hard they pushed it and just how great everyone was like, it really was beautiful to see all these hundreds, if not 1,000 plus creators come together and just support this one cause that was for good. - Jimmy is an inspiration, not just to fellow creators on the platform, but people who watch his videos that show that, you know, you can be a force for good in the world and you don't have to have all these super powers. You could just be like a dude with his buddies, having fun and doing cool stuff that makes people happy. - When COVID first hit, it was pretty brutal for a lot of people. And financially and everything, things been good or has the pandemic affected you negatively? - The pandemic definitely affected us negatively. I got laid off from my job. - We tried to do more content than normal, where we helped people. We did one video where over Zoom, we gave random people, $10,000. Pick a number between, one to 10, - Nine. - Do you think $9,000 will help make your life better? - Yeah, I think $9,000 would be amazing. - In that video we ended up giving away like a quarter of a million dollars to just people who lost their jobs because of COVID. We'd like to give you a $10,000 to make everything going on a little bit easier for you. - That's just insane. - Oh, you're about to make me cry, okay. - We're glad we could help you. - I'm glad you could help me, I'm glad. - When the COVID pandemic first started in Eastern North Carolina, there was a huge shortage in meats like poultry, ham, all that kind of stuff. So we decided to do a video where we partnered with Smithfield to donate 2 million meals to our area. - As you can see we dropped off 170,000 servings of protein to the next shelter. - This is where he grew up, and just like he wanted to take care of his mom for helping him out, and he wants to do the same to his community. - I'm really grateful for the way our community and just people in general have been helping us with our videos. 'Cause these are massive projects, I can't do them on my own. Today we're gonna buy every item in this store. So I had this idea for a video. I want to buy everything in the store. - [Chris] I don't think you can do this all by yourself. - I don't think you should speak anymore. - We just didn't have enough people. And we were running out of time before the store closed. - So I brought some friends. (cash register dinging) You might be wondering, why are we buying all this stuff? Well we're buying it because we want to give it to charity like a bank, a homeless shelter, or if a random guy on the street wants beans, we'll just give it to them. So we're at a food bank and we're gonna give them food. - We've talked to soup kitchens that have told us that like they got cleared out and they didn't know where their next donation was coming from. And like, to hear that and to see how it changes their lives is just an incredible experience. - Well, we serve anywhere from a thousand to 1500 people a week. It couldn't have come at a better time. - It's your lucky day, this is all free. - We have people come up to us, you know, just randomly everyday, all the time telling us they're so thankful for it. - Thank you, thank you. - Thank you, Mr. Beast. - Thank you Mr. Beast - I appreciate that right here, man. We gonna shout out Mr. Beast for looking out for the community. - Being over here in this Eastern North Carolina community has been fantastic. We can call so-and-so and say, Hey, we need this location. And it's like, sure, no problem. They just love being part of what it is that he stands for and what it is that the channel's doing. - It's a, win-win all around. Like the people we help is because the videos we make and we take the money from the videos to help people. And it creates a cycle and viewers get content, they enjoy it, really just about everyone involved just comes up with a win. Put it on now. Yeah, I've never ran a restaurant before. - Hey, come on in everybody. - And then I opened the world's first free restaurant. It was a restaurant, but everything was free. Basically, we went to a restaurant owner and we were like, Hey, I want to use your restaurant. They didn't think we were being serious and we tried to explain to the owner of this restaurant that we have 40+ million subscribers and that I want to open a restaurant for a day and they didn't really think that many people would come to our restaurant. The second we put up the signs, right, free food. The line started piling up quick. We thought if we rented the field, this giant field beside the restaurant, that'd be fine. The drive through line goes to the parking lot. And then it goes to the field and it zigzags. That should be good, right? What's up, boys, welcome, what can I get you? So we serve a few dozen people and the line it's just growing and growing and growing. It goes out the parking lot, goes through the field, through another parking lot and it started backing up traffic. - Hi, hi, hi, here. - So we were stuffing bags, full of cash. We were going out throwing cash to people everywhere we could. We were given out video game consoles to kids. - Here's a brand new iPad. We're just like throwing bags out the window. At one point, we're just grabbing money and just throwing it in their cars to keep them moving because we couldn't cook the food fast enough. - No problem. Are you crying, oh, she's gonna make me cry. The head of the police kept telling me like, the lines getting too long in the road. He's like, it's a mile long. Then he's like, it's two miles long. And they're like, literally it felt like an hour later, he's like, dude, the lines like 20 miles long. It went really well. We had a lot of people come and it was a really good video. We were able to feed a lot of people. (people laughing) - And that just started in thinking about what's the next step that I can take? - This is my food pantry. We have over 50,000 pounds of food here in this warehouse and we're doing weekly deliveries to communities in need, I made a completely separate YouTube channel called Beast Philanthropy and 100% of all the ad revenue, all the brand deals, all the merch I sell on that channel will go towards running the food bank. And I'm gonna make videos around the food bank. How many hundreds of thousands of people can this food bank feed if it's fully funded by a YouTube channel? And the content on the channel is the food bank. Every view on this channel is literally putting food in people's mouths like this. - Was that sharpie? - Helping people's fun. - On my philanthropy channel I literally just wanna help people. I want to use the money to grow a food bank that supports tens of thousands of families if possible. - So what we're doing is we're actually launching food banks across America. The first food banks will be in North Carolina and then we'll scale them out across the United States and hopefully internationally at some point in time. - Right now, I really just want to learn all these nuances and actually learn how to help people as effectively as possible. And then, yeah, just as I make more money in my life, just do it at scale. - One thing that's been truly special for me to watch was what really started early on with Jimmy is just giving away money so people could click and watch and have some kind of shock and awe at that content has really changed into a greater effort to have an impact on the world. - My channel has billions of views and those are real people. You know, it's not just numbers on a screen and a large chunk of that are on videos where we help people and we did good and, I mean, now that you got me thinking about it, yeah, the videos that got 50 plus million views of me giving away money probably did inspire those 50 million people to go give money to other people. I don't really think about it much, but yeah. - I get a story from a family where 11, 12 year old kid said no presents. I'm not taking any presents. I want anything that you want to give me to be a donation to the future. You know, Mr. Beast charity, I believe in what he's doing and I want to be part of it. Getting feedback stories from parents like that, that they're saying thank you for the positive role model that your son is becoming for us, that behind the scenes stuff, it's just truly amazing. - I put out a tweet and I have tons of people coming here tomorrow to plant trees. - The idea of this kind of philanthropy through an online campaign through influencers feels like it is the future. There's like a communal aspect to it. It's not just about giving your money. It's about joining a team. You gave your money. You're officially part of something bigger than yourself. That type of philanthropy does more to like move people's hearts and change behaviors. - Just because you can't do something massive like me doesn't mean what you're doing isn't important. Tipping a pizza delivery guy a few extra dollars is cool. Or even better just doing something unique and even more unexpected, like compliment someone or randomly mow your neighbor's lawn. It might seem minuscule, but obviously if millions of you do it, it has like a very macro impact. And it does start with you. Go and give away money. - Yeah! - Jimmy's future is without boundaries. I see the philanthropy growing as big as his social media presence. The whole world is a playground and it'll be amazing what he will get accomplished in the next couple of years. - Congratulations on your brand new car. No one's ever done this before, I don't even know how this is gonna work out. In a perfect world over the next few decades I make tens of millions, hundreds of millions, billions, whatever it is, and then when I'm like 50, I'm just like, all right, I have all this money. And then we just go open up a few thousand homeless shelters or food banks. I don't know what it is. What I do know is I want to help people. - So this idea of using his influence to make the world a better place while at the same time, like making that kind of cool and normalizing it for other people to do the same. I honestly think that's his guiding principle and he's killing it. (fireworks booming) - Jimmy's heart is to make a change in this culture. He does it really, honestly, because that's just what he loves to do. - I like helping people because it just makes me happy and it makes me feel good. I like seeing their faces light up. A lot of people like, I don't know, watching movies, or these other things, other forms of entertainment. But for me, nothing is more entertaining to just going like, what? It just makes me feel good. Okay, come here, come here. So what was your name again? - Cody. - Cody, okay. Cody, here's a few thousand dollars for filming. I've had this in my pocket and you were Josh, right? All right, Josh, here's a few grand as well. Thank you guys for filming this. Yeah, it's been a fun episode, thank you for watching. - [Cody] What just happened? (relaxing music).

  Top Comments:
  1. @Soulkal1979 [2500 likes]: He truly is the example of what we all need to be.  Spreading love and joy.
  2. @vr97197 [4 likes]: Rip chris
  3. @tocabocadesignideas [2 likes]: mr. beast would be a better president than trump
  4. @ericdavidwallace [1 likes]: I had no idea what MrBeast was doing until watching this video. One person really can make a difference after all.  ❤ 🕊️ 🎶
  5. @FireplaceCampfire2025 [1 likes]: He cheated just like the other YouTubers
  6. @vr97197 [1 likes]: Would they stil hate who they dont know 😂
  7. @vr97197 [1 likes]: Make it posible we can make others happy 😢
  8. @vr97197 [1 likes]: Luxe die velen nie kunnen ontvangen 😢
  9. @Silvara010: He has a white soul, yet he does not know the abyss of this world. Although it might feel good to be in this delusion.
  10. @Charlene9900: I dont know if anyone will see this request . 
I cannot really afford this , but I would love a Mr. Beast t shirt . 
Shot in the dark . ❤
❤❤❤❤
  11. @Charlene9900: I so love this ! Helping and growing bigger , amazing ! When you gave the money i cried didnt matter to who , you touched my heart.  
Smart kid ❤
  12. @The_Skorpion_King: I love YouTube! I go live and love inspiring people! ❤❤❤ I’m grinding and not stopping! It’s fun and a challenge!
  13. @RedDaddySushi: its a good thought provoking content
  14. @eliasmc2009New: 4:41
Mom: what he's doing in the bathroom?

Me:
  15. @ColorHobbieTv: Good 🎉🎉
  16. @FeedKindness: LEGEND
  17. @apoetandhisdiary: This is inspiring ❤❤❤
  18. @online4aliving: fascinating story
  19. @terrymofmich: Helping people IS fun.  I wish I could do it on a bigger scale.
  20. @Ester2488: Pleas ❤️

- The Actual Reason YouTube Started (Feat.@MrBeast): Kind: captions Language: en I'm Mr. Beast and you're probably&nbsp; watching this on your phone right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; probably on YouTube. But how did this all even&nbsp; get started? In 2004, when I was 6 years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; a guy named Joet Kareem couldn't find two&nbsp; videos online. Janet Jackson's Super Bowl&nbsp;&nbsp; wardrobe malfunction and also footage of a recent&nbsp; tsunami. Honestly, my mom wouldn't have let me&nbsp;&nbsp; watch either. Two of the biggest news stories&nbsp; in the world nowhere to be found online. His&nbsp;&nbsp; friends Chad Hurley and Steve Chen had a similar&nbsp; frustration. They couldn't share videos online&nbsp;&nbsp; they recorded during a dinner party. But all&nbsp; three of them had just made good money at PayPal&nbsp;&nbsp; and they kept landing on the same idea. Video&nbsp; sharing shouldn't be this hard. Fast forward&nbsp;&nbsp; to Valentine's Day 2004 in Hurley's garage. They&nbsp; needed a name. Tube meant TV, so why not make it&nbsp;&nbsp; more personal? YouTube. They bought the domain&nbsp; that night. Funny enough, Kare's original pitch&nbsp;&nbsp; was actually to make it a dating site kind of hot&nbsp; or not style. But clearly that didn't pan out.&nbsp;&nbsp; pan out. What are you doing? I'm making a history&nbsp; video about YouTube. But this is my channel. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Beat. You're Mr. Beast, remember? Yeah, but&nbsp; the difference is only an S. Like, are we going&nbsp;&nbsp; to act like that's the big deal? I appreciate&nbsp; that, mister. But I'm the American history guy.&nbsp;&nbsp; I can handle it. Besides, what do you know about&nbsp; YouTube? How are you even qualified? You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I might have more subscribers than anyone else&nbsp; in the world. Yeah, I heard about that. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; how about this? How about I'll let you&nbsp; hang around to chime in every now and then,&nbsp;&nbsp; but otherwise you're just going to have to let&nbsp; the teacher teach. All right. I was just trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to make this more exciting. Oh, you're helping.&nbsp; All right. Okay. So, where were we? Hot or not?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes. Kareem, Hurley, and Chen originally meant&nbsp; for YouTube.com to be a dating site. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; after Yahoo bought Flickr, a site that lets&nbsp; folks upload and share photos for apparently $25&nbsp;&nbsp; million, the three decided that YouTube should&nbsp; basically be more like Flickr. In other words,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube would become a place where anyone could&nbsp; share personal videos. April 23rd, 2005, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the day Kareem uploaded this, the very first&nbsp; video uploaded to YouTube. Really, really long.&nbsp;&nbsp; um and that's that's cool. That video's still up&nbsp; today, by the way. It currently has 385,688,248 views. Oh, wait. Hold on. Refreshing.&nbsp; It currently has 385,688,530 views. Refreshing it again. Now it has 385,688,890 views. Please stop that. Sorry. By that time,&nbsp; Kareem, Hurley, and Chen had enough money from&nbsp;&nbsp; investors to launch a beta version of the&nbsp; site, which means YouTube would be public,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they'd still be making lots of changes to it&nbsp; in order to make it better. After they opened up&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube to the public in May, they had a problem,&nbsp; just a tiny one. people weren't uploading videos&nbsp;&nbsp; to the site. Well, that actually seems like a&nbsp; pretty big problem since without people uploading&nbsp;&nbsp; their videos, there wouldn't be stuff for people&nbsp; to watch. Oops. But that began to change when they&nbsp;&nbsp; did two things. Number one, they allowed users&nbsp; to easily comment underneath and share videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially on other quickly growing social media&nbsp; sites like MySpace and the Facebook. Number two,&nbsp;&nbsp; they let users post pirated clips from TV and&nbsp; movies. Well, that seemed to work. By September,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube was getting 100,000 views a day.&nbsp; Wow. I get a 100,000 views a minute.&nbsp;&nbsp; brag about it. Kind of just did. This a Nike&nbsp; ad uploaded by some random person was the first&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube video to break 1 million views. By the&nbsp; time the site went fully public on December 15th,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2005, YouTube was getting 8 million views a day.&nbsp; But not everyone appreciated the fact that YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; let users post pirated clips from TV and movies.&nbsp; You know, like the people who made lots of money&nbsp;&nbsp; from TV and movies. In February 2006, after this&nbsp; Saturday Night Live video went viral on the site,&nbsp;&nbsp; NBC asked YouTube to take it down for real.&nbsp; But flash forward to just a few months later,&nbsp;&nbsp; and NBC was like, "Uh, we're good." and paid&nbsp; YouTube to promote some of its shows. On May 18th,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2006, I decided to post my first ever video on&nbsp; YouTube. There it is. It's a clip of my band,&nbsp;&nbsp; Electric Needle Room, performing a song&nbsp; at a local show. The video is still up,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way. It currently has 1,697 views. Oh,&nbsp; wait. Um, let me refresh that. Oh, okay. It&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like it still just has 1,697 views. Let me&nbsp; uh refresh the page again just for good measure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dang it. It still has 1,697 views. Okay, please&nbsp; stop that. Well, that's depressing. Of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; back then internet speeds were quite slower than&nbsp; they are now. So, even low res videos like this&nbsp;&nbsp; one took forever to upload. I vividly remember&nbsp; beginning the upload before I went to bed and&nbsp;&nbsp; then waking up the next morning to find the video&nbsp; still uploading. How old were you in May 2006? I&nbsp;&nbsp; was 8 years old. Around the time of Mr. Beast's&nbsp; 8th birthday, YouTube had adopted the slogan&nbsp;&nbsp; broadcast yourself and was growing way faster than&nbsp; any other video platform online. In July 2006,&nbsp;&nbsp; users were uploading around 65,000 new videos&nbsp; every day, and the site was getting around 100&nbsp;&nbsp; million video views a day. For comparison, we now&nbsp; have multiple channels that do over 100 million&nbsp;&nbsp; views a day. Now, brag about it. And due to this&nbsp; success, a little company called Google had its&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes on YouTube. It had tried its own video&nbsp; sharing platform, Google Video, but honestly,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was kind of lame. What do you do when you're&nbsp; lame but others are awesome? You buy the awesome,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's yours. Or um buy the others who&nbsp; are awesome so that you can be awesome. On&nbsp;&nbsp; October 9th, 2006, Google announced it had bought&nbsp; YouTube for $1.65 billion in stock. At the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube had only around 65 employees. As&nbsp; it turns out, YouTube was one of the best&nbsp;&nbsp; investments Google ever made, in part due to&nbsp; Google's infrastructure and money it needed to&nbsp;&nbsp; scale up. The site continued to dramatically grow.&nbsp; 2007 was indeed a huge year for YouTube. In May,&nbsp;&nbsp; the site started its partner program to let&nbsp; people get paid for the videos they posted.&nbsp;&nbsp; Basically, the uploader of the video got to share&nbsp; the revenue produced by advertising on the site,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was way more generous than any other site.&nbsp; Even to this day, YouTube usually takes 45% of the&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising revenue from videos in the partner&nbsp; program with 55% going directly to the uploader.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know that to this day, I still make most of my&nbsp; money from YouTube ad revenue. What about you? Mhm. Back in 2007 though, only a select&nbsp; few creators could make ad revenue from&nbsp;&nbsp; their stuff. Still, within months,&nbsp; some of these creators were already&nbsp;&nbsp; making six figure incomes from YouTube&nbsp; alone. This 56 second viral video. Ouch. Ow. Ouch. Charlie first posted on&nbsp; YouTube in May 2007. Eventually went on&nbsp;&nbsp; to earn hundreds of thousands of dollars thanks to&nbsp; this program. I should add that YouTube also began&nbsp;&nbsp; to identify copyrighted content to make sure&nbsp; the actual rights holders got the ad revenue,&nbsp;&nbsp; not the pirates. YouTube made such a&nbsp; splash in 2007 that even presidential&nbsp;&nbsp; candidates were announcing their campaigns&nbsp; via the platform. One of those candidates,&nbsp;&nbsp; a US senator from Illinois named Barack&nbsp; Obama, took advantage of the platform for&nbsp;&nbsp; his campaign quite well. And one last thing&nbsp; about 2007. During that one year alone,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube consumed as much bandwidth as the entire&nbsp; internet did in the year 2000. In the year 2000, holy wow. By 2008, vlogs were all the rage.&nbsp; What is a vlog? You may be asking. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like a blog but in video format. What is&nbsp; a blog you may be asking? Oh, well, short for&nbsp;&nbsp; web blog. Blogs are just websites in which people&nbsp; regularly post stuff from often in a diary style&nbsp;&nbsp; format. What is a diary? You may be asking. Please&nbsp; stop that. Okay, moving on. So, what were the&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTubers that you remember watching as a kid? So&nbsp; Woody's Gamert Tag, who's a Call of Duty YouTuber,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then Ray William Johnson from Equals 3. Oh,&nbsp; wow. Yeah. Despite the popularity of vlogs over&nbsp;&nbsp; the next 2 years, YouTube was still primarily&nbsp; known as a place where viral videos did well,&nbsp;&nbsp; but not so much regular programming. You know,&nbsp; cats and wild moments caught on video type of&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff. It's a double rainbow all the way. Wo,&nbsp; that's so intense. But that changed when giant&nbsp;&nbsp; media companies began partnering with YouTube. Not&nbsp; only that, this is when YouTube added live events&nbsp;&nbsp; and better playback features. By the end of 2008,&nbsp; the site had begun experimenting with HD video. By&nbsp;&nbsp; the end of 2009, you could upload full 1080p HD&nbsp; videos, baby. Do you remember when you couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; post a video longer than 10 minutes? I've always&nbsp; been able to post videos longer than 10 minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ah, fascinating. I think you're just old. In July&nbsp; 2010, John and Hank Green, famous on YouTube for&nbsp;&nbsp; their Vlog Brothers channel, in which they sent&nbsp; weekly vlogs to each other for the whole world to&nbsp;&nbsp; see, held the first VidCon, a convention for&nbsp; video influencers. Over the following years,&nbsp;&nbsp; it'd go on to become one of the biggest gatherings&nbsp; of creators, fans, and brands in the world. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've been a few times. By the way, John and&nbsp; Hank are still sending each other weekly vlogs.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's like the world's longest conversation. On&nbsp; July 29th, 2010, YouTube officially increased&nbsp;&nbsp; the upload video length limit from 10 minutes to&nbsp; 15 minutes. Eventually, YouTubers, as they were&nbsp;&nbsp; now called, could unlock way longer video lengths&nbsp; through verified accounts. As a matter of fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; verified accounts now can post videos up to 12&nbsp; hours long. What's the longest video you ever&nbsp;&nbsp; uploaded to YouTube? I counted to 100,000 which&nbsp; took 40 hours. Ah, so they raised it and they&nbsp;&nbsp; must have lowered it again after that. Hm. Fun&nbsp; fact, I spent 2 weeks trying to upload the video&nbsp;&nbsp; over 100 times. Then I realized there's a 24-hour&nbsp; limit, trimmed it down to 23 hours and 59 minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it went through. That's why parts of it are&nbsp; sped up, right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I remember&nbsp;&nbsp; watching that whole thing and uh Mrs. Beat came&nbsp; in and she's like, "What are you watching?" Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you remember that? Actually, also by 2010,&nbsp; a company called Vivo was providing music&nbsp;&nbsp; videos to YouTube. Music videos quickly became the&nbsp; most popular on the platform. Since I don't know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess music is a big deal or something. Since&nbsp; this time, every video that has become the most&nbsp;&nbsp; watched on YouTube has been some sort of music&nbsp; video. Today, the most watched YouTube video of&nbsp;&nbsp; all time is unfortunately the baby shark dance,&nbsp; which is quickly approaching 17 billion views.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's disgusting. By 2011, algorithms had started&nbsp; to become more sophisticated at influencing&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendations and subscriber behavior. It was&nbsp; in January of that year, 2011, that I decided I&nbsp;&nbsp; was going to start a new channel where I posted my&nbsp; educational videos, videos that I had previously&nbsp;&nbsp; only shown to my students in the classroom when I&nbsp; taught American history. This might surprise you&nbsp;&nbsp; to hear, but there weren't many educational&nbsp; channels on the platform at the time. Heck,&nbsp;&nbsp; Crash Course didn't even exist yet, and Vsauce&nbsp; was still making video game videos. Heck, in 2011,&nbsp;&nbsp; there also weren't many news and politics videos,&nbsp; beauty and fashion videos, reaction content,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even kids content. However, over the next 5&nbsp; years, YouTube became a platform for careers,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just viral hits. Channels like PewDiePie and&nbsp; Smosh began to accumulate millions of subscribers.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube developed its own culture. Video creators&nbsp; began to take sponsorships, sell merchandise, and&nbsp;&nbsp; do live events. Multi-channel networks or MCN's&nbsp; became a thing to organize bigger operations.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube expanded globally with localized sites and&nbsp; languages. As smartphones became more common, more&nbsp;&nbsp; and more folks began to exclusively watch videos&nbsp; on their phones. I don't think we appreciate today&nbsp;&nbsp; how wild of a change that truly was to be able&nbsp; to watch a video on your phone. Crazy town. For&nbsp;&nbsp; years, most people watched YouTube videos on their&nbsp; phone. When did you start your channel and what&nbsp;&nbsp; type of videos did you make? When I was 13 and&nbsp; they were really bad Minecraft videos. By 2015,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube had become the main platform for music,&nbsp; news, and pop culture. That's also when YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; Red debuted, now called YouTube Premium, in which&nbsp; viewers can pay a fee to access adree content and&nbsp;&nbsp; original programming. 2015 was when I started my&nbsp; presidential elections in American history series.&nbsp;&nbsp; By the way, when would you say was the golden age&nbsp; of YouTube? When I was a little kid and I watched&nbsp;&nbsp; like a white boy seven streak Woody's gamertag&nbsp; extraws make Call of Duty videos. It just nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; will ever beat that. It was so much fun. In 2017,&nbsp; YouTube introduced super chats in which viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; can buy a chat message so that it stands out&nbsp; among the pack during live streams. Within a year,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube would introduce channel memberships,&nbsp; a way for dedicated subscribers to get extra&nbsp;&nbsp; perks for their loyalty to one channel. But it&nbsp; was around this time that YouTube began to go&nbsp;&nbsp; through some growing pains because for the most&nbsp; part just about anyone could post anything on&nbsp;&nbsp; there. Some controversial stuff got posted and&nbsp; advertisers got pretty darn worried when their&nbsp;&nbsp; ads got played in front of videos that I don't&nbsp; know glorified violence and promoted extremist&nbsp;&nbsp; groups and stuff. The quote YouTube ad apocalypse&nbsp; described a trend that began in 2017 in which many&nbsp;&nbsp; advertisers boycotted and withdrew their ads from&nbsp; the platform, resulting in a bunch of negative&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional media coverage. In response, YouTube&nbsp; dramatically cracked down on offensive content&nbsp;&nbsp; and made it much more difficult to monetize&nbsp; controversial videos. It also strengthened its&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube Kids app to filter out stuff seen as&nbsp; quote inappropriate for kids. That same year,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tik Tok launched. And I'm not talking about&nbsp; the Kesha song. No one was thinking that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you monster. Unlike YouTube, Tik Tok was built for&nbsp; the phone. It featured vertical videos, extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; short vertical videos. In fact, the max length&nbsp; for early Tik Tok videos was just 15 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; And for the longest time, the max length for them&nbsp; was just 60 seconds. Well, by 2019, Tik Tok had&nbsp;&nbsp; become huge, especially with the young folks. And&nbsp; so, I started a Tik Tok account. There's my first&nbsp;&nbsp; Tik Tok video I ever posted on December 14th,&nbsp; 2019. Yeah. I think I was trying to impersonate&nbsp;&nbsp; Napoleon for some reason. And YouTube responded by&nbsp; introducing shorts with No, not not those kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts. Yes, those kind of shorts which it first&nbsp; rolled out in 2020. Do you remember the first&nbsp;&nbsp; vertical video you ever uploaded? No, really.&nbsp; Probably wasn't special. Come to think of it,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think I do either. I don't think anyone&nbsp; does. Right. Okay. I did look it up. The first&nbsp;&nbsp; short I released was on July 30th, 2021. And&nbsp; about embargos and sanctions for some reason. Man,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a dork. It looked really weird since I&nbsp; stretched my body to fit the horizontally&nbsp;&nbsp; shot video how I wanted it to vertically. What&nbsp; the heck? A random black bar at the top of the&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Man, I struggled. Shorts quickly became&nbsp; huge. By early 2023, they had reached tens of&nbsp;&nbsp; billions of daily views. That's billions with a&nbsp; B. By 2024, they had become the platform's most&nbsp;&nbsp; dominant growth engine and the best way for new&nbsp; channels to quickly find an audience. Indeed,&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts, which now have a max length of 3 minutes,&nbsp; completely rewired YouTube's discovery algorithms,&nbsp;&nbsp; production cadence, and even economic incentives.&nbsp; It also seemed to shorten our attention spans.&nbsp;&nbsp; The COVID 19 COVID 199 pandemic saw YouTube&nbsp; continue to dramatically grow, especially since so&nbsp;&nbsp; many folks were stuck at home. In fact, my channel&nbsp; did so well during the pandemic that in 2021,&nbsp;&nbsp; I left teaching in the classroom to join the&nbsp; hundreds of thousands of people around the&nbsp;&nbsp; world who already consider themselves full-time&nbsp; YouTubers. So, when did you decide you wanted&nbsp;&nbsp; to become a full-time YouTuber? I've never really&nbsp; worked a job. It just kind of happened. Yeah. You&nbsp;&nbsp; were doing it anyway and you just kind of never&nbsp; stopped. Yeah. And then I just was like, "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I make enough money." Yeah. I was like, "Oh, I&nbsp; actually make more money than I do teaching, so I&nbsp;&nbsp; guess I'll just do the YouTube videos." Wow. Yeah.&nbsp; Teach more people. Yeah. Exactly. Despite the&nbsp;&nbsp; popularity of shorts, YouTubers were now making&nbsp; more epic long- form content than ever before.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're talking really high production values which&nbsp; now compete with the big budget Hollywood studio&nbsp;&nbsp; films. Oh, you want an example? On November 24th,&nbsp; 2021, Mr. Beast, the guy who keeps trying to take&nbsp;&nbsp; over this video, released a video called $456,000&nbsp; Squid Game in real life, a video based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; hugely popular South Korean Netflix show Squid&nbsp; Game. The video took $3.5 million to produce and&nbsp;&nbsp; its recreated sets were visually stunning. Mr.&nbsp; Beast's ambition, I'd say, paid off as the video&nbsp;&nbsp; got 100 million views in less than 3 days and&nbsp; currently has around 914 million views. In recent&nbsp;&nbsp; years, YouTube has rolled out new features like&nbsp; automatic language dubbing, shopping, timestamps,&nbsp;&nbsp; video chapters, premieres, and AI filters, which&nbsp; uh has been interesting. Last year, YouTube made&nbsp;&nbsp; more than $36 billion in ad revenue alone. Today,&nbsp; YouTube is the second most visited website in the&nbsp;&nbsp; world. The only site that tops it, Google search.&nbsp; YouTube is now mostly on the big black mirrors,&nbsp;&nbsp; not the small ones. Yep, more people watch&nbsp; YouTube on TV today than any other device. One&nbsp;&nbsp; could argue that YouTube is bigger than every&nbsp; cable and broadcast network combined. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are literally tens of millions of&nbsp; YouTube channels. Based on my estimates,&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe there are at least 2 million people&nbsp; around the world today that do what we do.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube full-time. I mean, I argue it now has&nbsp; created more millionaires under 30 than Hollywood&nbsp;&nbsp; or the TV, film, or music industries ever did.&nbsp; YouTube has turned hobbies into careers. It has&nbsp;&nbsp; democratized and decentralized media production,&nbsp; distribution, and fame. The term quote influencer&nbsp;&nbsp; only became a thing due to YouTube. It's changed&nbsp; how we learn and how we interact with each other.&nbsp;&nbsp; It changed advertising and commerce. It's&nbsp; transformed politics, culture. It's now the&nbsp;&nbsp; dominant discovery platform from music to food&nbsp; to clothing to everything in between. Simply put,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube has continued to keep the spirit of&nbsp; innovation and creation more alive, arguably&nbsp;&nbsp; more than any other place today, digital or&nbsp; physical. Which brings us to today. And who better&nbsp;&nbsp; exemplifies YouTube's impact and influence than&nbsp; the most impactful and influential YouTuber of all&nbsp;&nbsp; time, one who has dramatically changed the world&nbsp; through their philanthropy and cultural influence.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm talking about Scottman, of course. Scottman&nbsp; 895 Travel. Oh, and and Mr. Beast. I can't believe&nbsp;&nbsp; all this started with a wardrobe malfunction.&nbsp; History is weird, man. You can say that again. Well, I I get that many views&nbsp; a minute. brag about it. I just keep walking off every time. I'm&nbsp; putting the biggest YouTuber in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; to shame. Thanks for staying curious. Up here&nbsp; in this corner is a video I made making the&nbsp;&nbsp; argument that all the best art today&nbsp; can be found on YouTube. Up here is a&nbsp;&nbsp; portal to take you to Mr. Beast's channel.&nbsp; Make sure you subscribe to his channel. He&nbsp;&nbsp; needs all the help he can get. Rumor has&nbsp; it if you subscribe, you get a cookie.

  Top Comments:
  1. @iammrbeat [3100 likes]: Respond to this comment if you have ever watched a video on "YouTube."
  2. @VishalHeshan [1 likes]: 2005 is the year I was born. 😅🙂❤️
  3. @SOOmnYYYYYYYY [1 likes]: Cops about the New York
  4. @ZebaIslamicvideo [1 likes]: Hindiiiiiiiiiiii
  5. @byff2323 [1 likes]: Let me tell ya, when YouTube was made available on smartphones, it was the answer to all of my prayers, especially when my wife wanted to go shopping. Instead of wandering around aimless and bored in women's clothing stores, I could just stay in the car with the kids or find a nice spot to sit and just enjoy content.
  6. @kenyanleclerc234: Reaaly wish for a ps5 pro
  7. @Blinky10101: The most confusing part about the sceeenshot at 14:04 isn't that it's in some browser that can't display kanji, but that it was taken... In BRAZILIAN youtube???
  8. @KenWorthTV: phenominal video !
  9. @AliAwais-nl1yh: Today 18 may 2026😅
  10. @PAmeiteiAthokpam: Bro I need some money please give me some money for buying phone because of make gaming video my device is dead phone
  11. @ScienceAsylum: 11:14 I'm a little disappointed I'm not in this picture. What was that? 2019?
  12. @ChillyCows: When the extent of a Mr. BEAST collab is "Please stop that." but you can't even be mad because you just got $20k worth of his time.
  13. @larplarplarpsahur-67: Mr beast pls donate
  14. @loganbopp1: mr beat the goat🐐
  15. @Jamesyoutubecom: Story so far
  16. @illuminatefairythe: This is my first time seeing mrbeat and he looks like an older version of Nolan (from mr.beasts vids)
  17. @BeastFC-YouTube: I wish Feastables would be available in my country before next year, MrBeast 😡
  18. @RCadventures-i7i: YouTube is great. And this video was really entertaining
  19. @januszwisniewski45: 8:32 best moment
  20. @Walkercolt1: DUH!!! To MAKE MONEY!!! Why were horses domesticated? Why were cows? Why raise FOOD??? Dumb can be educated. STOOOPID goes clean to th' bone!!!

- Why Influence Matters More Than Views | MrBeast: Kind: captions Language: en Some people, you know, their only choice to be able to see again is that a YouTuber has to help them or walk again. And uh I feel like that's pretty silly. And so we've been doing a lot of work in healthcare. >> What makes you keep choosing impact over popularity over and over again. >> Basically, you know, some of my most viewed videos aren't ones where we help people and uh but uh we still help people anyways. we have a lot of influence and so uh it it would just be a shame not to use it to inspire people to do good and and that's why I'm I'm grateful for uh this summit and one of their key initiatives is to inspire more creators to do good and um yeah it's it's we we have a lot of reach a lot of eyeballs and sometimes we forget those numbers on the screen are actual real people you know u even if you're only getting a 100red views 500 views a video that's still a lot of people and um you know it's we should use it to inspire people to do good So, how do you decide what causes you don't touch? Is there any specific cause you rather not get involved in? >> Yeah, that that's a good question. Um, well, in our case, we tend to try to think of, you know, do things that we're passionate about instead of like, oh, we don't touch these things or more focused on, you know, what are the causes that matter a lot to us. And, um, recently the the two things if you look at our videos that we we keep going back towards is, you know, one, we did a video where we helped a thousand blind people see. We helped a thousand people here again. We helped 2,000 people walk again. Um I just in general um you know in America where we're from it's it's sad that some people you know their only choice to be able to see again is that a healthcare and I hope that our content can inspire people to see that like that shouldn't be the case. And then the other stuff which uh we've been doing a lot of work in Ghana which is where we source our cacao for festivals and there's over a million kids in illegal child labor in West Africa and we've been trying to get a lot of kids out of uh illegal child illegal child labor on cacao farms. Uh Fast is the largest ethically sourced childhood company in the world. Yeah. I don't know if that answers the question. >> It does. Of course. I mean like you said if if it doesn't resonate and it doesn't feel natural people can sniff it out. So just pick the thing that most resonates with you. I love that. Your Excellency, over to you. For decades, governments were the ones that held the power. They had the most reach, the most social impact. They held the responsibility. But now, we end up seeing a content creator, one individual that has a good platform, a a strong voice, able to reach millions with probably much less marketing spend. So my question to you is, do you feel like there's a power shift over here? >> No one can underestimate the power of content creators here. you know 170,000 act of kindness in like a matter of 3 weeks. That's that's really big. We know that influencers or content creators they are influencing our decisions to for for consuming they are we feel more relatable to them. Telling you saving the world is not a big thing by the way. You know saving a child from dying out of hunger will cost you only $60. You know those malnourished kids they are on the verge of dying. It cost you it cost only $60 to provide them with a kit you know rutfs ready to use therapeutic food for six week it cost only $60. So if we convince our followers to skip a fancy dinner that we are saving millions of lives literally you know and I think today Mr. was telling me it cost $1 to provide water also clean water for people you know so it doesn't cost a lot but it we need the awareness and we need to the complete circle between content creators governments and NGOs's >> Jeffrey everybody sees the finished video nobody sees the infrastructure behind it so what do content creators not see when they're trying to create social impact at scale what is the hardest part >> I think the hardest part is really the commitment to use your platform your voice your fandom for global good. It's that commitment because once you get started, you'll find the resources and people want to be part of that effort and you'll be able to attract people to help you do that. So, I just encourage all the creators to find whatever touches their heart, whatever cause matters to them. Make sure it's authentic because your audience will sniff that out quickly and lean into something that you're passionate about and get started early. It doesn't matter if you have 500 or 500 million subscribers, start early. So you selected these 10 creators to join you and make kindness viral. Why them over the lot? Is there any specific reason other than their virality that you chose them? >> Uh that's a good question. So yeah, we had like like they said over 170,000 submissions and so uh obviously I didn't shift through all of them. We we had the team uh cold through them and uh some of the criterias we set were we really wanted to make sure we had people from all around the world. And so if you look at the the creators we picked you can tell there's just people from each continent and uh multiple different countries. And um then a big thing too was you know not to just pick the big creators. So there's some that are smaller, some that are bigger. And obviously most importantly um I had the team look through their content and see are they actually passionate about helping people. is it, you know, something that it seems like it's genuinely something they care about. And um those are kind of the three big criterias and then uh they combed through them all and you know dwindled it down, took a couple zeros off the total and then we we looked through them and uh these seemed like the 10 best ones. >> Okay, awesome. I have a follow-up question actually. If the internet disappeared tomorrow, would you still be doing what you're doing? How would you maneuver around creating acts of kindness or doing what you're doing without the internet? Boom. Um, well, it'd be pretty hard because I don't know where I'd get the money from. [laughter] Um, I'd be giving away canned tops or something. >> There's a lot of people. >> I'd be giving away pennies. >> Um, I've literally been making videos since I was 11. So, I I couldn't picture myself doing anything besides making content. Um, and I feel like the longer creators make videos, usually the more burnt out they get and the less they love it. But, I love it more every, you know, year I do it. So, I don't see myself ever stopping. So, the honest answer I couldn't I can't even fathom a world where I'm not making videos. So, I don't know. >> It's how you've done your marketing forever. So, I imagine like how hard could it be for you to be able to do what you're doing without the platform? Amazing. >> Um but I I do uh in terms of if you know if I had to help people without using, you know, content. I I guess I'd point to like what we're doing with Fastables. um you know uh ethically sourcing cacao and um building the business in a way where it can make money in the long run but still while making money the more successful it becomes the more kids we're able to help get out of illegal child labor so probably doing things like that I mean you know building a business it to me is just more fun when the more successful it becomes the there's a positive you know impact as opposed to a negative one you know um because you know just making money is a boring way to live life if that makes sense >> of Of course. Um your excellency what's what's your metric for success? I I think uh when it comes to philanthropy for example the success would be of completing the circle you know you know the content creation creators sorry the private sector and the funding and the government and NOS's working together and it's like a it's like a value chain of kindness you know if you close that circle that's a success because the impact will be huge you know it will be huge you know we don't know how to how to grab the attention of people you know >> I thought I know Today Mr. Jimmy was on breakfast. He was telling me you don't need to mention you know in your website lots of numbers big numbers millions how many millions beneficiaries you need to go on the ground and film you know 10 kids why you are you know teaching them or feeding them or let people feed because people feel more connected he knows much better than we know about you know grabbing the attention of the people. >> Not every content creator is built for responsibility. What traits do you see in content creators that signal to you that they're not ready to start something of a massive social impact? >> If you look at all the academic research on the determinant of happiness, it's really three things. Do you have health? Are you grateful for what you have? And have you helped others? And so we're on a mission at Beast Philanthropy to make kindness viral because there's enough niceness, but if you're not having impact, are you really living a fulfilled life? And so content creators by nature, they're brave. Every day they have to wake up. They're small business people. They're entrepreneurs. They have to think of new ideas. They have to put themselves out there. And as we all know, the haters are going to hate, >> of course, >> right? And so I think creators are courageous people by nature. And I think many of them care. They want to be both famous, but they want to have impact. And so I say don't do things half-hearted. >> Lean into it. >> Move from acts of niceness to acts of kindness. Have the courage to stand up for who you are, what your beliefs are, and don't worry about the naysayers. Focus on the people who are giving you the positive vibes. When you're younger and you're consumed with like building your brand, building the audience, where do you see that transition into now start building for others and being of service to society? How soon in their content creation and building themselves as a brand should they be thinking of that? >> Human nature is the Maslov hierarchy and needs. We focus on our self first and we're like, "Yeah, when I'm rich, I'm going to give back." >> And I think if you look at again happiness, it's about starting small. One of the things that I just feel so blessed when we do these major campaigns, what we find is our average donation is like $5 >> and and it touches Jimmy's hearts and mind. When kids are given their $3 allowance to philanthropy, there's no act too small. If you start early, you're going to grow in that impact. You're going to learn how to do it and do it more successful. So, I just encourage you just like it it takes one follower to get 10 followers to get a 100red to get a billion followers like Jimmy has. Start small but start early. >> Want to start getting into helping in the education front and education focused impact. Where can they start? >> Did you know that globally there are 272 million children out of school? It is a real global education crisis.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmberRoseMiles [16 likes]: Get that man a fan and some AC!!!
  2. @donvlog_rod2025 [6 likes]: Small creator here. So inspired by the interview ❤.
  3. @mahaburmiaim [5 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤Jimmy is a very good person. I watch his videos all the time and follow him.🎉🎉🎉🎉
  4. @JaimeHendrix-n6y [3 likes]: influence is always better than just getting normal views
  5. @brsch5837 [3 likes]: Jimmy “Mr beast” has the biggest heart and so much compassion for people. I Love that he is always helping others!! We need more people like him in this world!
  6. @SilentlyCEO [2 likes]: He's in the desert, guys. 😭 I imagine it's pretty warm in there.
  7. @Yellbobs-s7k [1 likes]: His Excellency seems to be well-versed about effective altruism.
  8. @Nadine-r9u: "Value chain of kindness." 🌟
  9. @zakariyasabally3331: Mr Beast more love ❤
  10. @ReggieHunter-h8d: money > influence >  views and
  11. @Justin.is.Goated: bro mrbeast needs to learn to say no to these summits like iman ghadzhi does it. he actually dropped a banger recently
  12. @ispectechular: Legit one of my biggest inspirations
  13. @ask343: this video is kinda awkward.. whas jimmy doin here😭
  14. @PriscillaDockstader: Jim I need to talk to you it's important 😢
  15. @BulgarianFellowshipUK: Great guy!
  16. @Rey-fk2zt: fook this puppet clown....the eyes chico,they never lie....look at that soulless weasel🤡
  17. @FoxGirlLover94: He is the only one who has almost a billion subscribers on YouTube gathering all of his channels
T series means nothing
  18. @CrazyHomelessWeirdo: That was a rather odd question about what causes they wouldn't touch I thought it was going to be more appropriate to do something like what causes are you passionate about
  19. @LeiEatFood: So Influence they say, then why leave?
  20. @Tanzeemekkh: y is he wet lol

- MrBeast: If You Want To Be Liked, Don't Help People & I Lost Tens Of Millions On Beast Games!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] there's a reason no one makes videos like me because no one wants to live the life I live or be in my head they they would be miserable are you happy um I I'm going to be honest so far more unhappy than happy well has it ever crossed your mind to quit YouTube as a whole oh yeah of course really yeah are you oh boy Mr Beast Mr Beast Mr Beast he is the biggest YouTuber on the planet and he's building Empires I mean is there anything this man can't do your business Empire is much bigger than most people realize yeah I mean I'm only 26 and we have the largest YouTube channel in the world and Beast games is going to shatter some pretty crazy records and we do nine figures and feasts but a lot of that stems from being a very confused child that's not fitting in that feels like a freak plus I really wanted to take care of my mom because when I was 11 we literally went bankrupt and lost everything luckily it worked out and it's because I'm really good at obsessing over one thing more than anyone else on the planet like us 10 millions of dollars zombies games but it's about making season one as good as possible and I just really love solving complex problems like how many kids do you think are in child labor in West Africa just on Coco Farms it's 1.5 million and so with febles we were trying to get over a million kids out of child labor but the ironic part is the more I help people the more I get like I've read over 5,000 messages telling me to kill myself I mean there's definitely times where I would cry but if my mental health was a party I wouldn't be as successful as I am this is the price you have to pay but when is enough enough honestly this has always blown my mind a little bit 53% of you that listen to the show regularly haven't yet subscribed to the show so could I ask you for a favor before we start if you like the show and you like what we do here and you want to support us the free simple way that you can do just that is by hitting the Subscribe button and my commitment to you is if you do that then I'll do everything in my power me and my team to make sure that this show is better for you every single week we'll listen to your feedback we'll find the guest that you want me to speak to and we'll continue to do what we do thank you so much Jimmy we've really just only met and you are already to me a bit of a Rubik's Cube okay in so many ways and I've been trying to piece the pieces together to understand the the uniqueness of you because you're so unbelievably unique we just drove over here in the car and hearing you speak about the way that you view life and speaking to you yesterday on the phone I've I've interviewed hundreds and hundreds of people and I've never ever met someone who has the perspective on life that you have you you are truly unique what do I need to understand about your earliest years to understand who you are oh boy um yeah my earliest years I I'm just stubborn man I just never give up I mean there was there's no world where I ever would have quit I just I I mean we're just jumping right into it it's a great no intro or anything just boom this how you hold people um when I was 11 I just said I'm going to be a YouTuber I'm going to die trying and I meant it and there was like even if no one still watches my videos to this day I would still be going um and so people hate it but I'm just the most competitive stubborn person you'll ever meet and I just never give up where did that come from I have no idea to be honest it honestly it feels like it was just in my DNA and my bloodstream my Mom hated it growing up we'd always argue and like you know she has this thing where like once Jimmy sets his mind to something he just never stops and it would always piss her off CU when it was YouTube and she wanted me to be studying or things like that but I really don't know it's it's just always been how I am and I think a lot of people have these weird Tendencies and they tend to like try to like uh unlearn them and like I had phases in my life where I was like am I too extreme like people are very intimidated by me because I just am so obsessed with work and I'm so Allin and like is this like unhealthy should I try to be more like a normal human especially when I was a teenager it's a lot easier it's funny when when you're making lots of money it's like admirable it's respectable it's like look those are traits we want but when you're not successful you know you're a lunatic when you have all these traits and so back then I'd occasionally be like man like should I try to be more normal but I just could never do it anytime I tried to I mean i' I've mentioned this before but one of the like things that like I have a memory of that like really is burned in my brain is like people one time like a high schooler told me when I was in Middle School like all you do is talk about YouTube like do like know how to do anything else like like you're just like a freak and I tried to like watch South Park you know cuz that's what a lot of people in my school watch to fit in and I just couldn't I was like this is such a waste of time I don't like I could be working right now and I tried to do all these things to like fit in and I eventually just like stopped talking because I just didn't relate to anyone and um people used to call me mute like one of my teachers literally asked like if I was mute like cuz that's how little I spoke because no one in the school I went to was entrepreneurial or one to build businesses and I just didn't want to do anything else and um yeah eventually I started to succeed found other lunatics and now life's great but you know I like to tell the story when I'm on podcast because if you have a younger viewer who's in that same spot you're not the problem it's your environment and you just got to put yourself in a better environment what about your parents mom and dad you talk about your mother a lot yeah um no I I don't I didn't get it from them what what influence did they both have on you um well I don't really talk about my dad much that's you know a long story don't need to get into it but my mom honestly it was it wasn't it's great now me and my mom have a phenomenal relationship but on the come up it was it was pretty rough because in 2008 they were over leverag so we literally went bankrupt and so they they you know had properties that they used to get other properties and then when everything collapsed they lost basically everything and so my mom was working two jobs and you know barely getting by and so we like I I didn't see her that much because when I I was coming home from school she was doing her second job so it was a lot because she was a single mom raising us she's working all the time you know um my I don't talk about a lot of this you know I have Crohn's disease so I was very sick growing up my brother also had issues as well and so you know we're not the healthiest kids in our teenage year she's just trying to get by and take care of us and then you know she comes home and she just has this brat that's being annoying and like I want to be a YouTuber and she's just begging me sometimes she would literally cry and beg me to do homework and I mean I was I was I was like I didn't I didn't mean it in a mean way but I mean I even one time I literally told her if you want my my homework done so bad why don't you just do it you know like that's that's what I told my mom like what am I doing I don't know like I was just like I don't I don't care like I I just want to be successful I want to build businesses and so it was like bless her heart luckily it worked out so now I spoiled her she's great she has her second home anything she could ever one she has and so the first uh thing I did was take you know start paying my mom take care of her once I started making money cuz she gave everything to like get me where I am and I wouldn't be where I am now but it was like it was like me and her spoke different languages when I was younger you know she she didn't want me to end up like them you know and you get screwed and uh not have much money and like the path I was going down was just basically like oh I'm going to be a homeless drug addict and like her brain couldn't compute the world I saw and my brain couldn't compute the world she saw and it was constant friction who was looking after you then if she was busy working and you were at home and your dad's not around who takes care of you uh I just me and my brother we're just there I was just making videos you making videos what age did that start the videos I started at 11 11 yeah so I I I'm 26 now I can't really remember life before YouTube like my earliest memories are basically when I started making videos you said earlier um you don't talk about your dad much yeah you don't have to talk tell me about it but why don't you talk about the your father much ah don't worry about it I know your mom has spoken about him before yeah and it was a bit of a tumultuous relationship yeah exactly they didn't have the best relationship I mean that's a topic for another day honestly kind of a sour way to start it off but yeah it's my mom is great I love my mom she used to cry asking you to do your homework a lot of things she she would cry because I wouldn't put money away when we started making money she would uh she thought it was too risky and I mean the thing is nothing she uh would say was unreasonable right looking back at it she was perfectly reasonable in what she was doing I'm just a deranged lunatic and was way too obsessed with building the business and way too Allin um like it's very cute one time she like when we had I don't remember like some month or made like 100 grand and I'm like okay perfect now I can spend 100 Grand this next month on videos and she like took like 5,000 of it and put it away for me in my own bank account without telling me but in case you know I ever went you know was overleveraged or went bankrupt like they did and um I found out about it and uh she's like please don't take this money just let me set aside anything stop spending everything on videos and I was like no this is perfect now I can spend more like this is awesome thank you Mom and like but to me I don't I don't really feel risk like I if anything it like Risk excites me and like I have very high threshold for it um so yeah we just we literally weren't communicating the same language but I don't remember what age it was but eventually after I took enough risks and figured it out my mom just said to me you know what I'm going to trust you like I have faith and everything got so much better after that point when like she stopped staying up all night worrying about me and worrying whether or not I was making the right decision when she's just like Jimmy I trust you I know this you think about this all day like I'm going to just follow your lead and our relationship has been you know perfect ever since then if IID asked 10-year-old Jimmy how are you doing what would what would he have said uh 10 I don't know but if you asked me at like 12 or 13 I probably would have been like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like no one watches my videos I just really want to be a YouTuber I um I gotta I gotta make this work why did you want to really be a YouTuber because kids say that but the extent to which you said it and the focus that you had on that particular goal of being a YouTuber CU there's many things you could have focused on you could have been a video game player whatever whatever but YouTube is a particularly interesting thing because you're on camera people are seeing it there's a metric which decides how successful you are um was there any element of the on camera part that was helping to solve for like the feeling of isolation that you you seem to have at that time no Community yeah I think it's more to do with just I I found out that when I was at a young age probably around 11 that there YouTubers that are making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year and I was just like oh that's it like just the money yeah of course because back back then we didn't have money and I really wanted to take care of my mom and and just my family in general so it was like everything it was like this is what I love doing I I've never had as much joy doing something as I do this plus I could see a path where I could actually retire my mom take care of her pay her back for you know all the night she worked so long so we could um live comfortably and things like that so it's just kind of the thing is I've one thing that irks me is when people try to like put someone's motivation into like one little bucket like we're very complex creatures and like you know you have a girlfriend I I I would never say oh you just like her because she's pretty but you like her because she's pretty but you probably also like her because she's smart you probably also like her because you know she's fun to be around she likes similar shows blah blah you probably if we sat here for 10 hours you could probably give me a thousand reasons why you like your girlfriend so it's like it's very annoying when people try to put why you like doing a certain job or building a certain business into one bucket oh you just do it because of money what if I do it because I like money and I enjoy it and it's a way to do this and it's a way to communicate with people and community and these other things you know what I mean and I think that's a common flaw we try to do it's like it's not that simple I think it's a lot of people can't understand someone being so relentlessly focused on something with the level of like commitment and sustained commitment that you've shown yeah and so and I don't know how I I agree because it's very weird like how like I have extreme Obsession to the point where like I just think about stuff the same like for me it's much easier to think about something 16 hours a day for seven days straight than it is like to like gear shift constantly I'm like really good at just obsessing over one thing more than anyone else on the planet i' if I were to say what's my superpower it's that I can just obsess endlessly about something and I can just have the same thoughts over and over and over and over again it's it's very weird like it's it was it was it wasn't like it was work for me grinding YouTube for those 10 years or whatever where no one was really watching it it's just like kind of who I am it would have had to have been a deep Obsession because you were doing it when no one was really watching or paying attention or really when the platform was there was literally a day when I was uh 19 or 20 where I got I woke up joined a Skype call with my friends and where we like were reverse engineering you know why certain videos do well or whatever and I remember that call being over 18 hours long and then I hung up went to bed woke back up the next day and instantly got back like call and pick back like that was the level of like hours we were putting in I mean I didn't know anything besides just trying to make it happen was that anything else that you showed that level of obsession too so at that age no from I would say from 11 to well 11 to 15 it was a mix of YouTube and baseball but when I turned 15 I got Crohn's and I went from like 190 pounds down to 139 I lost all muscle I had and so I was like all right I'm not playing baseball in college anymore so then I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it it's just all in on uh YouTube and um and then up until really febles it was basically just YouTube for whatever I never thought I would find like this kind of love for build like I thought it was specifically video making but I have found over like the last two or three years just in general I just enjoy entrepreneurship and I've been really deeply loving getting like obsessed with Feasta and other things and so which was very weird like when I first started a chocolate company it was like kind of a side thing but the more I started to work on it I got a lot of the same high as I got when I was making videos just in different ways and so now I'm like I know way too much about the chocolate industry I'm like it's pretty crazy I never imagined I would have put the thousands of hours I've poured into building feals and so I think just in general it's just I just really love solving consistent complex hard problems I think that's like what gets me out of bed and like the harder the problems the more exciting it is consistent hard problems I want to talk about that and also Feast tables but you mentioned Crohn's disease there and a lot of people don't know what that is and the impact it has on someone's life are you aware of it I am because I had a team member that had it so um in order to help support them at certain times when they had to leave and stuff like that I got a little bit more aware of what it means and what how it impacts you but could you give me your perspective on that yeah so Cron's disease words is when your immune system attacks itself so uh yeah when I was 15 I just started going to the bathroom 8 nine 10 times a day not digesting any food because my GI track is like literally just attacking itself it's very weird your immune system in your gut thinks your gut is a foreign Invader and so it just starts attacking itself which if you're just using the bathroom 10 times a day not digesting food it's why you drop weight rapidly and it hurts like crazy because it gets very inflamed and it feels like someone's stabbing you in the gut with Like a Knife constantly when it's really really bad which is what I had so I lost 50 pounds which is crazy because I was already relatively lanky um and we were just trying different medicine and then eventually I'm on a pretty extreme medicine called Remicade where just basically you n your immune system which is why my voice sounds a little off right now CU I just got the flu I got covid six times I got shingles like I get sick all the time because for me to have my GI track stop attacking itself we basically have to shut down my immune system so I have like uh really weak immune system so I just get sick all the time like why I have like random rashes and things like that so it's like it pretty pretty brutal to be honest and then it randomly flares up sometimes and just makes you very sick very tired like I just just live life on hard mode to be honest like if someone like if you wake up and you have energy like you're already Leaps and Bounds ahead of me like I you know it's it's makes things way more difficult and so you still wake up with some days where you don't have energy of course which is really hard to believe for someone who's so productive for everybody looking on yeah it's you just got to really love what you do I mean and push through it it's uh it's pretty brutal because then you compound that with always being sick and I mean yeah like I just spent four days in a hospital in South Africa cuz I got the flu and it just takes me a lot longer to recover from certain things so um it's brutal and that's where like if I didn't work so much I would spend more time researching Crohn's because surely there's a better way to stop it than just destroying my immune system and ideally I don't do that deep into my 30s and 40s so I see it as a little bit of a Band-Aid but um you know I've met with the top Crohn's doctors in the world and so far they're like this is just the answer and you're just lucky your you know gut isn't attacking yourself um so but I don't know I I feel like the medicine they give people Crohn's is kind of silly and there's got to be a better way to treat it I mean the ultimate solution is they just cut me open and cut out a large part of my GI track and then there you go but you know it's I observed in the the team member that I had that had Crohn's just a bit of a mental roller coaster as well because there's an certain unpredictability to it exactly which makes life oh it's even worse when you're filming because you got this huge multi-million dollar set and 200 people waiting on you and you know sometimes you don't know if you're going to have a flare but you just got to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it and just down some caffeine and crank it out I got diagnosed with ADHD you did yeah I got diagnosed with ADHD and it made me think a lot about myself and the way that I am it's not NE I'm not the type of person to like embody the label or think it really means much I am just who I am have you um are you in any way neurod Divergent uh I've been told Yeah by Dr I ADHD I mean I'm not surprised because I just sit and obsess over things constantly but I think um I'm I'm happy with however my brain is wired I don't really care to change it um I I like I said I think one of my greatest superpowers is my obsession and I think some people would view that as a weakness but I just like if you just think about solving problems three times more than everyone else like you're bound to come up with different solutions that's one of the things you mentioned earlier you you like solving hard problems consistently when you think back over the last 10 years of your life and the the success you've had solving some of these hard problems if you were to like break it down into some components of um that you've learned one of them is Obsession that you've said yeah what are the others I mean it's all the typical stuff like you are obviously who you surround yourself with and um luckily I just got around the right people in my later teenage years because I I feed off the energy of the people probably around me it's so obvious like I start to talk like them I become interested in the things they're interested in I mean this is all obvious stuff I'm sure you've heard of billion times so but you know just got to I always have to be protective of the people I'm around because whatever they say is what I started thinking on and that's what I started obsessing over and you know um one of the best things that happened with febles is I just reached out to all the fastest growing chocolate companies all the fastest growing snack businesses and everything and just became friends with a lot of the founders and you know that's what would have probably taken me eight nine years to like solve you know after 18 months you know was probably one of the top 10 people in the world when it comes to running a chocolate company and understanding deeply just because it's just ch codes um what about detail sweating the small stuff one of the things that I saw I was reading the this that handbook that was laked on the internet and one of the things I saw throughout that was this real obsession with the 1% and the small stuff how do you feel about this by the way and all of that stuff I wrote that uh with with some of my employees when I was probably 22 so there are some things that I'm like I read I'm like oh wow I was an idiot but for the most part most of it still stands the tested um and I I do think it's very helpful you know what's funny a lot of CEOs have actually told me that they make their employees read this um went around all of our slack channels we we all read it yeah which is funny because I'm like damn I should make an updated version of it so everyone uh but yeah the thing is it's the the core Crux of it is like extreme ownership and don't make excuses and you know um people always yeah I mean the damn I'm getting a lot of DJ Vu from when I was writing that it was just a different time back then too because I just I had no idea what I was doing when I was 21 22 and I just found that I was constantly telling like teaching the same or teaching people the same things over and over again and it was always just like take extreme ownership take accountability like sure I guess it was out of your control but it could have been in your control if you just thought through it more if you just really cared and that's what I was just trying to convey in it and the other thing that comes through in this but also all of your work is just this idea something that I've learned from you just from speaking to on the phone yesterday that nothing is impossible yeah exactly and watching Beast games over the last couple of weeks but also speaking to some of your team there's clearly this through line with everything that you do of like extreme what it appears to me to be extreme ambition MH and it doesn't appear to be extreme ambition to you in the same way that it appears to be extreme ambition to me yeah I mean it's just I mean is does physics allow it then yes it's possible it just is it do we want to put the time in I mean it's I I feel like people over complicate a lot of things um and something you've trained over time or have you always thought that I think I've just H it's a good question I've never I don't know why but when people tell me I can't do something I and I don't know where this came from it makes me just want to do it more to be honest if you tell me I shouldn't do something that's fine but if you tell me I can't then I just everything in my body just wants to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you I obviously can I just I don't know if I should but I can and then I I don't know it's like the the the thing is like to go viral you have to do something that's never been done before I've told this story before of like you know if you're driving down the road and you see a cow who cares it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cow but if you're driving down the road and you see a purple cow you're like you've never seen that before and it's something you weren't expecting you're going to go holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you're going to go tell your friends about it you're going to remember that you'll probably even think about it randomly once every couple years why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was there a purple cow and it's like it's the same thing just one was a little purple and like you can apply that same like uh analogy to ideas like when you're scrolling through social media to find a video to watch there's things that you know have been done before you've seen it's you know roughly similar to stuff before you're just going to scrore pass it you'll never think about it again just like you'll never think about a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cow on the side of the road and then there are ideas that are like the purple cow idea which is what I try to do which are things that make you go what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've never seen that like I I have to click this or I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight because like why is this video no way they did this right but those typically are very hard and usually to get that purple cow effect they've never been done before and something's never been done before there's usually a reason because it's very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard so you just kind of have to train yourself to like not resent very difficult complex hard original problems and actually run towards them because those are the ones that you know tend to have more of the Purple Cow effect where people have to watch it and viewership is very exponential it's way easier to get 50 million views on one video than it is to get a million views on 50 videos right and so um and because it like kind of goes exponentially and it's like you know pretty winter take all in the top videos like you just really have to lean into that purple cow effect if that makes sense makes perfect sense if you if you were to distill then say we were coming up with a new how to succeed in Mr BEAST's production handbook now what would be the the the top five if I was applying for a job with you what five characteristics would I need to demonstrate to be successful you got to be very coachable because whatever I teach you today is going to change you know a year or two from now always learning always improving coachable um a big thing for me is you got to see the value in working here like you really I just I don't this isn't like a a job this is a career like if you don't you know realistically see a world where you're working for me in 10 years then um it's pretty hard for me to invest into you at the level I want like I'm not I don't like training someone for six months they work here for a year and then I lose them what I like is I train someone for a year and then I get nine years of dividends on the back end where they Crush at their job and I'm constantly paying them more because they're becoming more valuable at time like that is like the eighth wonder of the world is investing heavily in an employee and then they stick around for a decade you know what I mean it's like there are some of my top guys that I spent three or four years in the trenches with training and working with you know they're like Tyler who writes a lot of my videos and directs them I you know probably talk to him five six hours a day every day for four yeah around four years and now because I can't spend a you he spends 100% of his time writing the videos directing the videos obsessed over that whereas I could theoretically Max spend five % of my time so he's going to naturally just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me on it because he can spend way more time on it and it's like so you know I have full faith in him but the dividends that I get off of him after all those years of pouring all that time and effort into him and now he knows exactly how I think what I value that I don't even really have to communicate with them sometimes I can just show up to film and like I just trust that it's good you know and I have a bunch of people across all my businesses like that that it's like great and if you know in a world where Tyler's still working here 10 years from now I mean the amount of value out of someone like that is UN fathomable it is quite literally the eighth wonder of the world for a business and it's like that's what I want but you only get those kinds of people they see the value for you know working for you and so they have to like deeply believe like the more valuable I become to this company the more I'll be rewarded and they like actually want to dedicate their life to the business so that's very important because if I really don't get that Vibe then it's not fair to both of us because I'm not going to invest in you like I should because I don't think you're going to be here in 10 years and then you're going to feel that and it creates so uh coachable uh sees the value you um obviously obsessed I I don't I just don't like working with mediocre people I I mean I really just can't stand it it's the fastest way to make me depressed um is if I have to work with someone who's just not Allin and just loves what they do um it's just a lot of you know stuff like that that I'm sure if you listen to like a Steve Jobs interview or something that he talks about it's just the the typical traits obsessed coachable Allin sees the value and what is the single worst traits mediocrity I mean it's it's just like cuz they're not bad enough where you fire them but not good the problem is like I mean and you see it in full effect great people just love working with great people they do and there's something about being around great people that pulls some kind of animal out of you that just makes you want to do more and push more and believe things aren't possible and I don't know when you put me around a bunch of other successful entrepreneurs I just turned into a different human than if you put me around I don't know a bunch of people who are just running small businesses and don't really care and don't really have much ambition I'm like two completely different humans and you see that same thing in full effect you put a bunch of a players around more a players they just build off of each other but you like put two or three C players amongst a bunch of great people and they'll start pulling them down they'll start making them not want to work as much and make work not as fun and so everyone knows get rid of the C players right obviously get rid of people who aren't all in blah blah blah it's the ones that are like they're not an a player but they're not a c player so it's kind of hard because you still feed off the energy and if you get enough of them it just drags the overall culture down so those are like the worst um I mean not everyone can be these like world-ending Monsters you know there are a lot of mundane things like you I mean the book controller and accounting I mean probably doesn't have to be the best in the world but you know when it comes to like the mission critical things like making videos and things like that like just the great people got to be surrounded like that's one of your number one jobs as Leaders just to make sure your great people are working with other great people because that's like that's like the number one reason why people leave jobs isn't money you know what I mean it's that's like number four on the list don't ask me to listen all I don't remember I just know the number one thing is do they enjoy who they're working with and people will leave their job because they hate working with people way before they'll ever leave because of money have you ever been frustrated that the people you've hired don't match your level of obsession no because I just find the people that do are there people that do oh yeah I've there's so many people in my uh business um I mean obviously you have to take care of them pay them well like they're they're not the kind of people that'll just make the standard rate but um yeah like people like kitner Russ and you know even people on our editing team I mean they're putting in most week same hour same amount of hours as me and they're all in see the vision it's like it's hard to find those kinds of people but um you know when you do you got to treasure them and recognize that they're unicorns and you have almost 500 roughly 500 people uh probably uh I think the production company were around 300 feasts around 100 and then probably another 40 50 scattered months everything else most Founders that I speak to describe scaling headcounts as the the kind of worst past part of the job more people more problems right yeah that's uh that's an understandment yep especially as someone like you who's a creative at heart and who is very focused and obsessed on I guess the show and producing as you say often the I I want to produce the best videos we possibly can of course and then all this other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] comes with it which is like HR which every founder I speak to hates I mean yeah I the the worst part is I just have this very once in a um I just very rare opportunity where I have so much attention and so many people watch my content and and I wish I had I just wish I had more experience building businesses you know I'm only 26 and this is my first real business of every every employee Milestone we hit it's my first time hitting that right like when I hit 100 employes that was my first time getting there and this that this was my first time going from 100 to 200 200 300 and like with what I know now I could have done it so much faster obviously and it's just you know it's a little brutal because like you like scaling febles from you know 0 to 100 was way easier than doing my production company because I had been through the ringer before and I learned a bunch and I get better with time and I it's just the mo honestly the most annoying part is just ignorance right like because a lot of things mistakes I make I look back and I'm like oh yeah I probably should have brought in people with more experience working at a larger company earlier here I waited a little too long here I probably should and it's just like brutal because if I had known these things i' would be way further along but I mean that's just how you learn just got to make 10,000 mistakes every founder says the same founder I've spoke to says the same that unknown unknowns exactly know it's just like so that's where I mean my big thing recently has just been trying to find people who have successfully skilled businesses and like bring them into my organization and learn from them because I'm just so tired of like being like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I should have known better but I didn't because I've never done this before and so I'm trying to find a lot of great people who have been through it so they can like kind of Mentor me along the way so I make less mistakes which has been really good um we brought in a new SE Suite recently um I it's like always a hard balance because I try not to in the past I I have like you know decisions are kind of like pendulums and I have a uh a problem where I like I'll identify something and I'll overcorrect the pendulum one way and I'm like h no I should have just stopped in the middle and like my overcorrection in the past was like corporate people try to build too many systems and they kill Innovation and so I was very anti likee people with too much corporate experience because they're going to just destroy all the creativity but you know that's why we're making so many organizational fuckups because we don't have anyone who's actually built the business at this size and so you know the pendulum was on the right and I swung it all the way to the left of no corporate and now I think we're in the healthy medium where you know obviously the people on our SE suite and the leaders should have lots of experience managing people at this size and skill but it's just finding the right people who can do it and build systems in a way where it doesn't Crush creativity and they actually value the product over ease the D and my I'm on the a TV show called Dragon de in the UK and um my stuff is significantly smaller it's like a percentage of your your viewership but even I am slightly terrified with hiring people because it's quite clear to me that there's a huge incentive for anyone that I work with to say that I did something bad and in the early days of my first business um what happens is the journalists go to everyone that works there yep and they ask them what was he like you you have the same problem you have the same conundrum where anyone has an incentive that works for you when they leave so many different incentives to throw an arrow at you on the way out the door how how do you contend with this yeah I mean you hit it on the head uh you know I have four or 500 people right now but we've also worked with thousands of people in the past and so I think it's just what comes with it but at the end of the day you know as long as what we're doing is moral and ethical like like you said they're going to throw arrows but you know I I'm just a problem solver it's like whenever I see the metaphorical Arrow I just go you know what's the problem and if we did something wrong how do we fix it or if it's not an actual problem it's just rumors I mean it is what it is and so yeah I think it just comes with part of it um I mean it sucks and it's unfortunate but you also to think like most people don't like their jobs too and so it's not like this is even specific to our industry like you know just go ask a 100 random Americans of of all the jobs that worked in their life how many did they deeply enjoy and do would they have nothing negative to say so I think it's just part of it you know U it's almost like a Pastime for a lot of people just to like trash talk their old jobs or whatever um has any of that stuff ever got to you any criticism yeah I mean Al cism all the time does but I mean the thing is independent of that kind of stuff it's just like I mean for we are averaging like 200 million views a video like you know like uh most of it unique viewers like we're talking like two plus percent um sometimes 3% of humans alive watch every piece of content I put out you know depending on how well the Channel's doing and so like that means like you could I could upload a video and then with uh 365 days days later you could grab 33 random humans anywhere on the planet especially because we do doves you know what's even crazier is there you know YouTube's not in China so that's like two to three% of humans alive excluding China um or China's mixed in there but if you just take people excluding China it' be more like 3 to 4% um but you could just grab 33 random people on the planet and one of them on average would have seen that video because the views are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] high so yeah I mean there's a lot of criticism that's thrown at me and the thing is you since stuff so Global sometimes you know transcends culture and not everyone views everything and so everyone has different opinions and stuff like that which is why it will drive you crazy at our scale if you try to make people happy because even if 99% of people are deeply happy which is an insane hit rate like if you make a piece of content 99% of people that watch it love it that is wild which that kind of stuff doesn't happen but in our case if just 1% unhappy that's 2 million people which is more than anyone else even gets on video views on videos so which will feel like an insurmountable amount of criticism and feedback and it's very easy to like trick your mind into thinking damn everyone hates me because you're just you know focus on the 1% instead of the 99 so I just came to the point where you know I just have to have my own internal guidelines of like do I think what I'm doing is good do what I think you know is moral ethical do do I believe in what I'm doing if so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it like I'm never going to be able to make everyone happy so I and if you just you let the whims of the internet kind of decide what is okay and what's acceptable and and when you're being bad or good then you you you don't have a spine you don't have a backbone you stand for nothing and and it it will just destroy you mentally um and so I mean I don't know what age I was when I kind of got in that mindset but I just was like I'm going to decide and I'm not going to let the internet decide you know what is okay and what's not and then ever since I got to that point you know people criticize me for something and I'm like I don't agree then I have like it's easy for me to just go oh well I don't agree not going to make everyone happy I believe what I'm doing is right and um just move on the brain isn't isn't designed for for this though no it's not this is what I've come to learn so do the podcast it goes well I'm it feels like at the start everyone loves me yeah and then I get further down the line and it feels like everyone [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hates Me y because they you get attacked from you can never do anything right especially I've probably read mes like comments or tweets or I've probably in my lifetime read over 5,000 messages or comments or something telling me to kill myself you know what I mean you know just like and what would possess someone to tell you to like leave a comment where it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill yourself you know what I mean so agreed like you're we were not meant to receive this kind of feedback from basically anyone anywhere in the world you know what I mean just all con you know consistently day in and day out for for my in my case now over a decade has it ever really got to you oh yeah of course I mean it it does all the time or it used to all the time I like I said what does that mean in reality if I'm a fly on a wall in one of those moments where you can recall it really getting to you I mean back in the day but I wasn't as confident in my ability to to be successful and you know when you're probably 20 and you're hiring all these people you're you know I I have highrisk tolerance but I'm reinvesting every dollar I make I I'm you know I'm hiring my friends from school I hired my mom like these people I really care about are depending on me and then you know I upload a video and it does bad and then people you know I pour all my time and effort into it but you know maybe it doesn't come across as well like the V and you know some people might have interpreted as lazy and you read a comment being like wow what a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lazy like I thought you made great videos or this this video sucked and and you read that and the video is underperforming and you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe I am being too Reckless and you know I mean there's definitely times where I would cry you know just because I would just be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I like not doing this right or like they don't understand I put a lot of time into this or or whatever why why you sometimes you're like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does the algorithm them hate me am I being suppressed or whatever back in the day um when was the last time that happened that feeling of um yeah Pro there was like a a month probably last year where I I felt a little bit of that just because um you know just sometimes occasionally the rumor and drama Mill gets mun up but you just got to snap out of it and like I said just go do I believe in what I'm doing do I it's like it's hard because you know anytime I do anything good it's you know people are always like uh they try to we're we're like condition in America now when someone does something good there's always some alterative motive and I've I've always been straightforward and just said a world where I help people is just better than a world where I don't like I don't try to come up with this crazy like story of of how you know someone helped me when I was younger and now I I just want to give back and cry I'm just like yeah I can make viral videos and I think a world where I do viral videos that help people are better when I don't you know just kind of that's my answer um but it always does suck when people try to just like I don't know the it's funny the more good you do the more people think you're secretly evil and it's like why can't I just help people because it's fun you know so occasionally those will get to me and I'll just be like guys you don't even know me like and like you would think sometimes you'd read like when I build wells in Africa or help blind people see or things like that you You' read some of these things online you would think I'm Hitler I mean it's crazy like how people portray it and I just I don't know I wish people just understand like in my opinion a world where I help people is just more fun than a world where I don't and it's really not that deep the people around you how does it impact them oh how does the drama and that kind of stuff impact them um to be honest in my case it it I don't think it hits them that hard because most things usually fall on me and people want to go after me because I'm the guy that does good the quotquot philanthropist so usually I'm like the one that gets thrown under the bus quite a bit it's funny cuz I everyone that knows you knows you yeah whether they're really successful people or people that you work with that I've spoken to everybody that knows you knows who you are and it's it's remarkable to me that um someone who has done so much good in the world I've looked at your philanthropy I know what you you're doing with Feasta BS and the ethical sourcing of that when I see someone that's done so much good in the world still be misunderstood it almost makes it almost makes me realize that I should never fight it yeah I mean the ironic part is the more I help people the more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I get to be honest like it's it's so funny because you know like the same day I'll uh drop a video where I'll uh uh you know help a thousand blind people see some other YouTuber will drop a video where they just bought a new mansion and it's like everyone's like yes you know get that Mansion good job and then they'll be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you for curing blind people Jimmy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you you're using them and I'm like no I just wanted to inspire people to do good I mean you can buy a mansion if you really want me to um so it is funny I if you're trying this is a weird sentence but if you're trying to be liked I actually don't recommend you like help people like I actually think helping people will make the internet like you less than if you just like buy nice cars and do like the the typical influencer path it's because they we just so conditioned in America to see it as like a shield and like no one actually does good cuz they just find it fun apparently um but I mean I don't care I like I said it's just more fun than if I didn't so I mean people can [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on me for helping people I don't I don't doesn't bother me anymore um but I wouldn't recommend you get into it if you want to be liked because I think it's negatively correlated now interesting it is so fascinating it is I swear to God man like people it's it's it's uh there I could just uh I don't know do these like uh $1 versus videos where I compare like a $1 boat to a billion dollar boat and all these other things not help people and I would just get way less [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it's it's so funny cuz no one bats an eye when I post that but when I give hundreds of thousands of people in Africa clean drinking water it's like all hell breaks loose and I'm like guys I'm just trying to bring attention to a cause I don't really but the thing is I'm just GNA keep doing it and I mean I think in my case most people have realized I'm not going to stop so they're just kind of over you know getting mad at me and they're just like all right Jimmy's just being Jimmy I think when the wind blows as well what it does is it helps you to really understand why you're doing what you're doing and understand yourself mhm and so when I've been attacked for like the people I interview or whatever it might be it's actually made me refocus on what my principles are yeah because you have to be really anchored to them it's like I said you you have to know where your line is and as long as you're on the right side of your line then it is what it is people on Twitter can say whatever they want and I I think like that's the only way to really survive at this scale without going crazy is you you have to determine where the line is not let the internet workaholism yes can can you give me a window into the last seven days of your life just give me paint me a picture oh yes uh let me uh drink some water cuz my flu well the I don't know about the last seven days but in general we uh so we're filming a video where we're doing the I'm visiting the five most deadliest places on Earth so one of the places was a safari in South Africa so I flew to South Africa um to spend time in a cage surrounded by lions sick content it was really good um which that was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to get to and then I got the flu and so spent a couple days in the hospital there um and then we were going to go to Snake Island to spend time there then the W's deadliest Road and then we have a couple other places but that got postponed so instead got out of the hospital went to Florida filmed with Aaron judge then I went to or no went to North Carolina we have this guy where I built a gym and I told him if he loses 100 pounds before he leaves the gym it has a big red circle around it I'll give him a bunch of money so I filmed with him then worked on the coming up videos um that just a lot and then flew to Florida filmed with Aaron judge flew here just landed filmed with the reunion that you were at with the contestants for Beast games we're doing this podcast what time is it like 1:00 a it's just off to 1: a.m yeah 1: a the latest podcast he's ever done lightweight I always do my podcast at 1: a.m um my last podcast before this was like 4 a.m. um like like a couple weeks ago and then uh we're flying to San FR to film with Steph then we're Steph Curry yeah Steph Curry then I think I'm going to Snake Island then the deadliest Road um and then I I won't I'll basically I don't think I'll be home for another 16 days so I'm just traveling around filming for the next 16 days and then um yeah I guess then I'll get home and then they'll make me film at home how does everything else in your life fit into that in terms of like the gym I know you've been working out a it's been brutal it's gone to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the last couple months it's just it's really killing me to be honest it's it was like so much easier when you're bro if you don't travel constantly life is so easy when you just wake up in your own bed and like waking up in your own bed and working 15 hours in you know your office or whatever so easy compared to like all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] where I'm like I don't know the time zone I'm in I don't know what place I'm in I don't know where I'm going in two days it's like like I mean some days I'm going to bed at 10:00 a.m. other days I'm going to bed at 5:00 p.m. and it's like it's a mess it's really and I I used to put up with it and and just like and figure out how to do the training but it's just I don't I don't I don't know I need to truthfully whatever is a priority you'll get done I just need to make it a priority again because I really do miss it it's just this the hard part is putting putting Beast games in the mix because I was already like basically working you know whatever every hour my eyes were away but then Beast games is such a monster of a project and I have to maintain the same Youtube upload schedule and then I do a lot on fetival now and then I have a couple other businesses so I I just honestly something had to to give and sadly it was working out but it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid so I need to like rep prioritize my life where I can get I mean it just only needs to be 45 minutes 5 days a week it does doesn't need to be hard but the bigger problem is I'm just not sleeping like I used to because we got so much going on and so when I hit it hard in the gym and then I don't get enough sleep then that causes pretty extreme fatigue the next day so it's like I got to fix sleep first before that but yeah it's uh got a lot going on to be honest I'm dying how are you feeling uh right now honestly fine I'm jacked up on a lot of caffeine but I mean just in in this Feast you know the flu is not helping it's it's making everything like 30% harder so you know it's like life's like a roller coaster there are going to be moments where like right now I'm going to answer this negatively but I don't want someone to think that's indicative of like oh every and every time you ask me this it's going to be it but because of the flu and the lack of sleep I mean I'm struggling at the moment just a lot of grinding um a little happy because we just dropped the ending of Beast game so it's like a little bit of emotional high but after this I'm probably going to go crashed be tired as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the morning tomorrow which I hate um but yeah I would say I'm on like the lower end I I could use a couple good days to bring the energy back up quick one I want to talk about something we all need to take seriously which is cyber security whether you're a firsttime Founder facing your very first audit or a seasoned professional who's been through it all staying compliant is getting more critical than ever and more complicated I have to say and that is where vant comes in who is a sponsor of this podcast vant takes the pain out of security compliance autom ating the tedious but essential process of proving your business is secure across over 35 Frameworks like sock 2 ISO 271 centralize your workflows answer security questions up to five times faster and protect your business without losing focus on growth and this is really a critical part of this a new IDC white paper found that companies using van save over $535,000 a year and it pays for itself in just 3 months for a limited time my gets a $1,000 off vter at v.com that's van.com for $1,000 off how do you think about mental health I've heard you speak about your mental health before and I've yeah I don't well the thing is here's the problem like it's uh if my mental successful as I am I mean and that's just like a sad fact um like I obviously never would have buried myself alive for S days s days of solitary s days on a deserted island 7 days blah blah blah um it's it's like you know being consistently uncomfortable and like cons being able to consistently suffer over long periods is like arguably one of the deepest modes like there's a reason no one makes videos like me like not even close because no one wants to live the life I live I mean there there are months where I'm you know I think there was one year I was flying like 200 days like I was on a plane I mean it was it was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fest but you know to get these videos done and and I do everything and it's like you know when I when I wake up tomorrow and I'm going to be pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tired and feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm going to go you know I something I always tell myself is how you feel right now is why no one else does what you want to do or does what you do and if you push through this that's just even you know more of a reason why no one will ever be who you are and so it's like I think being able to push through unhappiness and do things you don't want to do consistently year after year over the course of a decade is like the ultimate Advantage like I mean I I think we'll hit a billion subscribers and uh I don't think anyone will be anywhere near close because like once you make a couple million dollars why would you live the life I live like why why would you not take weekends off why would you not just film locally even if it means less views so you can be on the right time schedule why would you not you know prioritize your sanity and that kind of stuff it makes no sense but that's why no one else does it you spoke to Colin inir two guys that I met recently um great great great guys um you said to them I'm miserable a lot of times I have mental breakdowns every other week yeah I me those have gotten a little better mental break down sounds extreme it's more I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why am I doing this this is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard um cuz it's just a lot man you're just going constantly It's like because what's funny is I think I said that years ago but that was back when all I was really was doing YouTube now I run this chocolate company and we have the show and we have a couple other stuff so I think the the hardest part really is gear shifting like and so I try to bucket these things correct like if if I'm on set you know and I have a 15- Hour film day like ideally the thing I'm doing in between filming or like related to main Channel because I'm in the frame of mind of that and that's one thing that's really helped me not feel like my head's going to explode like if I'm in Chicago at the febles office and we're going through febles marketing like and then you come in and you go what do you think about this bit for this coming up main Channel video then I have to like shift my frame of mind and like that constant gear shifting I it like it'll make my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head hurt if I'm like bouncing around too much I and it it also just very not quarter I am I love obsessing over certain things and I find you know obsessing over things within a business isn't like switching back and forth between marketing and product and a same business is pretty easy there's a long way of saying like one thing that's helped with that is like just really um organizing my schedule and away where it allows my natural state of mind to like obsess over a certain business finish that then move on to the next one whereas before it used to be like 30 gear Swit shs a day and that that's just miserable it's just not even fun to be honest I had um Elon mus C I know someone you you spoke about quite often also someone that I speak about quite often I heard him say when he was on Joe Rogan that you wouldn't want to be in my head and I think joean asked him if he was happy or something and he doesn't even like consider the question to be important yeah so two questions there do you think the average person would like to be in your head and secondly are you happy uh well no the average person does not want to live the would be miserable because you're just working all the time and they they would probably just ask themselves why am I working all the time why don't I why don't I do literally anything else I mean because there I mean obviously I'm not a robot there are times where I'm like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I really want to play this strategy board game I want to do this thing and I'm I look at the schedule I'm like oh maybe I could do that in four days and you you know and the the hard thing is it's you really have to like be delicate with the framing of your mind because it's very easy in moments like that to go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm like a zoo animal like I don't I don't have free will I'm like a little robot to my businesses and like um and so you have to like be very careful and sometimes those emotions take over and especially because I'm a very defiant kind of guy and I'm like but I really want to do this thing but I can't because I got to go film this video and I got to do this and I got to speak at this conference and I got to do this networking thing and blah blah and so um yeah I think most people when that feeling comes up of like am I just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] animal like do I have any free will they would probably get very depressed and but I've been able to like work through those and and just I always try to you know your brain you just it's you just got to control your thoughts be like well this is the life I chose this is you want success you want to change the world you want to do this and this this is the price you have to pay you should actually see this as a good thing because this is why which is why I'm very uh diligent about how I frame things in my mind like this is why no one else will do what you will do and this is a good thing this is what you are feeling right now is your Mo it's you're lucky it's hard push through it and you'll be happy you did you know and so that's kind of how I try to view it um but no I don't think most people would be happy living my life they would be like oh let's just grab a couple million dollars and be happy are you happy uh it depends what day you ask me right now I'm having a good time um other you know when I was had the flu in Africa sitting in a cage of allance [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no so what's your Baseline how would you describe your Baseline probably uh this year probably so far more unhappy than happy and it's just they're just things you got to do that just aren't fun you know but I I think I I really deeply enjoy working on feasts and I'm trying to spend more of my time building it the problem is it's just I uh it's just opportunity cost because I'm the only one who can be in front of the camera and film and that's what's like brutal especially with Beast games is I'm just filming so much it added so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to my yearly filming like doing this giant show on top of already having the largest YouTube channel the world I was already filming some months 25 days a month so I'm just like that's just the rough part is because it's like it just all rests my shoulders and if I don't film there is no content like the channel just literally ceases like if I stop filming and so you know I I have found more and more that I'm finding more joy in entrepreneurial things and building businesses and I I I do think I'd be happier if I could spend more time doing that but it's just like weird because I could literally hire anyone in the world to do that whereas I can't hire anyone to replace me on camera I always wonder someone who um is doing so well on a platform like YouTube where the algorithm is always changing MH so many YouTubers I speak to say that they get burnout eventually they get like creative burnout and they and they just like delete their Channel you've seen a lot of it recently over the last couple years where YouTubers hit 10 million and they just stop yep has that ever crossed your mind to stop oh of course I mean all the time seriously yeah but I I mean like I this I feel like that's what half this podcast has been about about how I don't want to do things but I push through and do it I think they're just reasonable humans like they you know a lot of them were chasing a goal of like oh I just want this money so I can take care of this things you know it could be Noble things like retire my mom or just not have to worry about money and then they go why would I suffer now I'm good when was the closest you came to quitting oh man probably countless times I mean all when I was in solitary confinement for seven days I mean that was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] miserable I mean I did quit a video well I've quit a lot of videos like no I mean as a as a Creator um I mean I guess I never truly would have quit I mean my biggest thing would be I just would have quit for like a week and been like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let me sleep nine hours a night and like um but like I spent the fir we we did a video where we spent seven days on a desert island first time we filmed it on day two I woke up on the beach and I had literally I didn't know sand fleas were a thing I had like 700 bug bites up and down my legs all over my body I was sunburned I was like a little bit of meal I was like damn am I going to die like this is crazy how much like bug bites are everywhere and my skin was so red and I was I couldn't see straight and so I ended up quitting on day two um which is brutal cuz you spend all this time and money and you have the crew out there and you flew out there and you know it's it's opportunity cost it's like that's a 7-Day window we could have got a video and uploaded it and now we don't like it's you know canceling video like that is literally the worst thing that could happen from an opportunity cost perspective and that was like you know and you have moments like those and it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this isn't even fun [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know but but what about YouTube as a whole because I feel like YouTube is like throwing coal into a train then you just have to keep throwing it in there once you started you just can never stop throwing it no you're running on a treadmill CR up to the max especially if you want to be a top tier creater like me and it's just like who who can stay on the treadmill the longest cuz it never slows down if anything you're making it faster um but no I mean I don't think there's ever unironically a time where I actually would have quit it just breaks probably would have been nice and when you think forward that treadmill can you see yourself doing it for the next two three four decades or oh yeah of course I don't have any intention of ever stopping okay um love something that came into my life a couple of years ago y you announced I think over Christmas time that you had proposed I think it was like Boxing Day or New Year's Eve yeah it was on Christmas day oh Christmas Day because her family was in town so I proposed okay how does that fit into this craziness she's literally I you could probably count on your hands the amount of uh people on the planet that actually would make a good partner for me and she's just she's just one of them she really understands that work is what you know is what I live for what keeps me going and she supports me and she understands how important it is and it's the big thing is hanging out with Tia my fiance is is so frictionless we play the same video games we watch the same shows we're very interested in the same things she loves learning like I do so um you know it's exciting to see what you know um lecture she listened to online that day or like whatever weird book she's reading and she just like everything about being around her is very frictionless which is great because like obvious I don't have much time at the house and so like the last thing that I need is to come home from work and there be friction and so we don't we don't fight it's I you know I sometimes I'm like wow this is like my best friend this and she's hot this is great you know um and so it's like it it feels weird sometimes people I mean anyone in a listening now that's in a relationship I guess the question they'd be thinking is like when do you spend time together mostly at nights um and the that but the beauty is she gears her schedule around mine so like she she'll work when um I'm working and then she'll just travel with me and so honestly a lot of it is on planes a lot of it's in car rides or you know an hour before bed or in the morning that kind of stuff but it's like because there are pockets of breaks on set and things like that so it's just you know having it's it's really hard to find someone who is intelligent actually has their own Hobbies things going for them independent that's also willing to mold their life around mine and not see it as a demeaning thing because like yeah if she was just like well I have this thing going on and I have to prioritize my life I would never see her but because she's willing to you know mold her life around mine uh and my work schedule that that you know is that's everything um and it's rare that someone's willing to do that while you know being as in my opinion at least from what I've seen as intelligent and independent as she is parents always message me and say Steve wait till you have kids oh yeah that's and that's the thing like my lifestyle right now is would not work for kids so I want to wait want kids but I want to wait as long as possible because if I'm going to have kids I got to be a great dad like I really I really really enjoy mentoring people I love mentoring you know younger entrepreneurs and like help like I've told this I think I told the story on Joe Rogan I helped one of my friends go from like 40K a month and revenue to 400k on YouTube and I do kind of stuff like that all the time I just like one of my other friends has a um snack cpg brand and I helped them grow to eight figures in Revenue just for fun I would just call them a couple times a month and it's like there's something so satisfying about helping other people succeed and so I would love to have a couple kids and just like really Mentor them into like you know being badasses but yeah not anytime soon like I would be so absent if we had kids so just got to like find that right time in the VIN diagram where I could actually be present in their life and your business Empire I think is much bigger than most people realize I imagine the majority of people probably don't really understand the context of business so they don't really get it they might see you as a YouTuber or a Creator but from the research that I've done you run a very very large business yeah I mean we'll we do nine figures and feals I mean we can say that yeah nine figures and feable so the business must be worth several billions of dollars uh overall I mean you could do do something like that yeah I'm not going to get you to to try and Hazard a guess I'm sure you know but I'm not going to get ask you to predict that but but the business would be worth a lot of money are you a billionaire uh on paper yeah but I mean in my actual bank account I've BL a million dollars so do you pay yourself at all a little bit but I also like I have some assistance and things like that so it's like I try to just pay myself what I spend you know personally a month just to like stay even how how do you how do you think about money and all of this because most most people in their lives are pursuing money so that they can chill out and retire but you seem to be pursuing it purely for the sake of reinvesting it back into the system money is fuel to grow a business and then you make money from the business and then keep growing yeah and then you you find a business that you enjoy that you know is better for mother nature earth or people and there you go you have a fulfilled life that's my theory I just don't when I'm 70 I don't want to look back and have regrets you know when is enough enough such a cliche question that I'm asked enough enough like building the business never I mean I just want to keep like building a business is like a video game it's it's just fun you know like with fbl right now um you know we're the largest ethically soured chocolate company in America and like it's just fun to like look at something that's been done the same way for 100 years and go how do we just flip this on a Ted and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up this industry and you know how can we pay our Farmers a living income you know not use child labor etc etc and so it's like you know I think if I was just doing mundane things like everyone else probably I probably would be bored as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if I would just sold chocolate like everyone else made the same repetitive YouTube videos like everyone else I probably would be like all right get me out of this I want to retire but it's not what we're doing like we're changing Industries we're impacting the world like this this is the point of life in my opinion you could do so much with the gazillion people that list listen and watch your videos you could like start almost any business and it be successful you could have almost any social impact and it be profound and save a gazillion people's lives do you do you struggle with Focus uh no I mean I do wonder you know sometimes should we be doing more but I I've really found a good Groove with febles I'm very I keep looking over there because there feasable sitting over there um I do feel like uh I've hit a good Groove with that um and the ethical sourcing on it and the no I mean yeah obviously I get a bajillion opportunities but just you know right now this like I I think I said earlier this is one of the few things in life that i' I've it's scratched the same itch as YouTube where building febles is equally as fun as making videos for me it is so delicious thank you they're so delicious I'd really love to just spend a moment talking about the ethical sourcing piece because I don't think that's something I didn't understand until I did some research on you yeah um why why does that matter so much and what when you say ethical sourcing what's the difference between what you do and what normal chocolate big chocolate in America uh well the big thing is when I got into chocolate I didn't I didn't know any of these things um we we used to Source our Coco from Peru cacao um which you know ethical sourcing is not really an issue there but the problem is majority of the Wolves Coco comes from West Africa and so as we got bigger you know everyone's like hey you need to switch your supply chain to West Africa I'm like cool um and so then I started studying and reading up about it and I um and I noticed that 46% of Labor in West Africa on Cocoa Farms is child labor and I was like that's not that can't be accurate and then I started digging deeper and deeper and I was like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's just almost half a labor is child labor and so I started talking to all the big chocolate companies or not all of them but as many as I could get a hold of and I was like so what what do you guys do about this whole child labor thing and they they constantly just telling me like it just is what it is that's how chocolate always has been I was like whoa you guys make like a billion dollars a year in profit you don't you don't see an issue with that being on the back of little kids and they're like no you and then I you know I I have this crazy clip on I have a documentary guy I think you saw him Jeff who follows me around crazy clip where I'm meeting with like a big um I got to be as vague as possible cuz they're going to murder me got time back to them but like a big supplier we'll just leave it big like that and I asked them I was like so do you have any way I can pay extra to not use child labor or anything like that or any options and they were just like no and I was and I my literal documentary guy is just like filming and I'm in like this big boardroom and I look at the camera I'm like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they just said that on camera and uh and so I did all this research and it was just like yeah no and especially in America like there there's some European chocolate brands that you know try but uh in America like really no one really cared I mean there's plenty of options and plenty of time to fix it plenty of money to fix it so that just kind of honestly pissed me off and like that so then I just was like how do we solve this and so then it sent me down the rabbit hole the everything points back to like you know to the reason chocolate and America is so cheap is because they just don't you know not the reason one of the reasons they just pay the farmer so little like Farmers make less than a dollar a day um so like because of that they're forced to use child labor because I mean they literally just don't even have money to pay someone who's not a child how many kids do you think are in child labor in West Africa just on Coco farms uh you might have so in that 5,000 no it's 1.5 million you're joking yeah it's over a million it's crazy so what we need to do is we need to in my head get to a billion dollars a year in Revenue as fast as possible while being ethically sourced and being profitable big part of it is we have to be profitable while doing it because then I can point and go look we achieve scale ethically and we're making money it's not that you can't do it you just don't want to and then um and maybe maybe we give them the benefit of a doubt maybe they just truly don't know how to do it at scale and maybe it'll open their eyes and they'll be like oh I guess it is possible and they'll start to change the ways more than likely they won't and I but over time I hope we can just shine a light on it using my platform and you know um just show the model works and then I don't know something I would love to do in the long run is like you know how there's like the fair trade logo maybe I make my own version of it and I help other chocolate companies Source their uh cacao ethically and uh or something and you know and I just educate people on like if it doesn't have the symbol it's probably using child labor and something I there's some way where I could play my cards over the next 10 years where we get over a million kids out of child labor uh on Coco farms and so I just got to connect the dots and figure out the correct way to do it this might sound like a Prett obvious question but it's it won't be to everybody why' you care so much bro I just like I've been on these Farms I don't want to get rich on the back of little kids I mean it's just kind of I I feel like it's kind of obvious you know I maybe to other people on chocolate don't care but I the first thing when I heard about it I was like why why is this a thing it reminds me of somewhat of again of Elon Musk and what his mission was with Tesla he kind of knew that if he was able to prove that you can have fast um nice electric cars then the rest of the industry could give up their excuses that it's not possible exactly um what if someone comes along though and they say Okay Jimmy we'll give you five billion for feast hell no I ain't selling that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're never selling it no because the first thing they would do to up the margins is they just dropped ethical sourcing you have people come along and offered to buy your YouTube channel uh I mean yeah I've been offered a billion dollars here or crazy amounts of money there but I mean it's you know what's funny is Zuck got that famous billion dollar offer for Facebook and he said what was it he was like why would I sell the social media platform I would just take the money and start a new one and I kind of like the one I have so why don't I just keep it and I I every time I get which I haven't in a while but you know back in the day I used to like jokingly poke around just to see what people would offer me um and I would get those offers and then I would always just be like yeah I I would just do the same thing I'm doing now so I might as well just keep doing what I'm doing now you know the money won't really change anything well done and I don't think you you've yet to get the credit you deserve for the the lengths you've gone to with febles no but I think it's really important I know you're not doing it for credit at all I know that you're doing it to get the message out there so that the industry changes but I think someone like you with a platform that you have that's able to produce chocolate that is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] delicious they sent me a box of it about six months ago and I I hate so much the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm thinking of updating yeah I mean if you hand them to me like hand me a couple bars the there's uh a lot of stuff that uh the problem is like if you look at this and this you know from a distance you can't tell really the difference between the flavors like this is dark sea salt this is just dark chocolate so uh I'm about to update the wrappers where we're going to put like colored tips here so you can tell the flavors from far away uh I think that's very important um another thing too that uh I there's just a uh you made a mistake you put these in front of me now I'm the other thing I W to um I want to I was I've been experimenting and the newer renders are looking good with putting like right here every bite helps uh get kids out of child labor putting that on the front and then I I'm you know we're messing around with different Machinery I feel like the images of the chocolate on the front could be a little higher quality the back is pretty ass um I want to you know put some more messaging on the back of it there's a lot that needs to be like the white tips here it just makes it so obvious from far away what this flavor is whereas all these blend in and so yeah brutal got to fix it you you talked about your friends calling you and asking you for business advice and you helping them Drive their businesses up but just watching you there pick apart your own business made me think that there's a lot of entrepreneurs that watch our show that are early in their own businesses and many of them will be you're going to fail you're going to fail a ton I mean when I first started chocolate I mean it was it was hilarious how bad I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up our original Bars were like very thin there's a reason why like chocolate bars have these like break points here where they like break easily I didn't know that um and so mine was just one solid sheet of chocolate but that's almost like a piece of glass whereas if you drop it it just shatters into like a bunch of little pieces and um and I also didn't know that there's a thing called a a package engineer and can you hand me a box of febles uh my original chocolate box when you pop these open and put it on a shelf there this obviously the problem's fixed but if if this was sitting on a shelf when you grab this one these would all slide forward and then they would fall out of the box and or the box would fall off the shelf because of the weight because there wasn't right balance at the bottom and the lips here this this didn't used to be a thing so these were open and there was just a bottom lip here and so they would fall out like that um and then the bars because we didn't have the natural break points would shatter like glass who noticed that um well me and the thing is I I this a old team in feasts I would tell them like there's too many broken bars when I go into Walmart I'm seeing too many that are broken they told me like ah you're worrying about this too much it's not that big of an issue it happens to everyone and I got to the point where it was just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pissing me off because I hated like grabbing a bar off the ground or seeing on the Shelf all these like shattered chocolate bars that I I put like uh I paid people to put GoPros in like a a like a bag of lace ships pointed at because I couldn't get I tried to get Walmarts to give me the security camera footage and they wouldn't so I put hidden GoPros and a bunch of random Walmarts just to pointed at the feastival bars just to see why are they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] breaking so much there's so many shots of like you know like a mom grabbing a bar and then she'd be looking at it literally like this and then you just see the Box just go and she' go and they' just fall off the shelf and then they just put it up and you you know some of the bars would be broken and it would just happen over and over and over again because we didn't engineer the boxes correctly they didn't do anything wrong do you know how a typical that is what you've just said that you put GoPros yeah people told me I was crazy the amount of people who tried to tell me that was illegal I was like bro I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care I just need know why my bars are breaking like I'll delete the footage um and so I that and uh you know I did a bunch of just data and I actually I saw there's a company called aosta where you can pay people to go into Walmart so then I I started paying where every week I would send someone into every single Walmart in America to buy all the broken bars fix up the boxes it's pretty expensive I think um you know it's like $100,000 just to send someone into every single Walmart to clean them up $28 a pop times 5,000 um uh Walmarts and um yeah so I was sending people into Walmart to clean up the broken bars and that but I was paying so much money it was $100,000 a week just to send people in and then I was buying all these broken bars because I just really didn't want people to go into Walmart and to buy a broken Feast bar like that is literally the worst you know consumer experience you can have um and yeah and then I learned what a package engineer is and I was like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is your full-time job to make it where my boxes don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fall over where have you been but on the point that I was saying your obsession with the D of a product is it's completely atypical and if I was to compare this to a normal YouTuber and their e-commerce brand oh they wouldn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah I was I probably spent thousands of hours obsessing over this product I mean I know it doesn't feel like it because it's just chocolate but yeah I mean it's it's a problem from the ethical sourcing to every little thing about it like I don't I don't do anything half has and didn't you drive to a ton of Walmarts don't you oh all the time that's what I do every day oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we should go hit to Walmart we didn't even go ah he's got a plan he's got to catch yeah it's my favorite thing to do is like sometimes I'll spend all night in Walmart just uh scanning products and looking at the daily velocities and sales it's it's like uh I had a layover in DC I live in North Carolina then I was like wait a minute I could just rent a car and hit like 30 Walmarts on the way home and just drive home and so then I drove home from DC to North Carolina and visited every Walmart on the east coast in like the middle of America just to like go look at the chocolate aisle and see all the statistics and things like that I asked you earlier on if you struggled [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I wish we could go visit a Walmart you know how fun that would be it's like I would love to educate you on the chocol are Walmart still open now oh no they're not okay we can do it another time I usually what I do is I just bang on the door and they let me in of course yeah but what you just said there I'm I feel like I'm getting at something here because 99.99999% of entrepreneurs that I know that just have one thing to do just to run their business don't give that many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about the detail and you have like a zillion things to do an Amazon show which is like the highest future of whatever of all time or whatever and you have this massive Channel you have your philanthropy you have all of this stuff going 100 million followers on Tik Tok gazillion followers here a gazillion followers the numbers are just unfathomable and you're still driving to 31 Walmarts to check if your chocolate is breaking yeah well and I go in the back when I'm there if it's not on the shelf and I'll go scan it in and help the employees and and is that is that the difference well you just got to know everything going on it's I mean it's just first principles every if like like I I hate when someone in my business is like tells me something that I don't agree with but I'm too ignorant to be able to challenge them because then it's like well who am I to you know I guess I got to just take them on the word but most people tend to pick the easiest route or conform to the status quo and I want to if I want to lead real Innovation and like change the industry then I got to know every little facet of everything and so I mean at the end of the day you know the Shelf is where people buy it so I got to intricately know everything going on at the touch point of the consumer and you know how it gets there how it's being stored at the D distribution centers and then the retailer and then on the shelf and what what does it look like what's the experience and everything because all these little things add up do you not feel like you spend your whole life fighting people to raise their standards to your standards because you don't exist in a world of Mr beasts well that that's the thing I used to think which I I've said a couple times it was just content but I realized it's just everything I do like I just want to be the best at it and that's it's weird man because you just look at this choca bar and you wouldn't you'd be like who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cares but that's the thing it's it's what I've really enjoyed the last two years is I've gone as in depth on this as I have YouTube and it's been every bit as fun I mean it's very very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] difficult and and hard especially the ethical sourcing and like I recently spent a week in West Africa and I I went from the bean all the way to the bar and like you worked on the farm and follow the entire QC Supply Chain and everything and it's not it's like it's equally as hard as my YouTube channel but it's also equally as fun and I that was just that was a big eye opener for me because I never thought I would enjoy something as much as uh my YouTube channel and that's what I was saying earlier I've come to realize I deeply enjoy building businesses and solving hard complex problems even though I know this is just chocolate but I get the complex thing from the ethical sourcing side just on a daily basis like that that's fun with beast beast games with this with all the other things going on um your main Channel which is I guess you probably still see as your baby to some degree it's like the Mothership right because it's the source of it it's what allows us to do everything like most people buying this aren't buying it because of Beast games do you ever get paranoia when the views go down they haven't gone down yet they've gone up every year for 14 years but do you still get that that do you still watch the video go live and look at the back end no you don't no I mean because it's like we uh I don't know I just upload a video and then the next day I look at the retention and the CTR and if we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I just you know well what we do is we call them after action reports so I get all the smartest people in my company like like uh we like we actually just did one I wish I had my had it on me but like we'll we I have I pay this guy to just do a very in-depth breakdown of like here's the retention chart here's every time someone clicked away here's where was the flattest here's where was the worst you know we'll take like so if I upload a video that's 20 minutes we'll take our last 10 20 minute videos and we'll go you know uh the median retention on the last 10 20 minute videos was 10 minutes and 6 or 55 seconds is the median so if the retention on this new video is 11 minutes or above we did a good job if it's below that then we did below average and blah blah blah and and he just does like a a giant like presentation and so usually two weeks after we upload we'll we'll look at that with all my top people and then we'll just be like what' we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up what we do well cool move on and has there ever been a moment in real recent times where you go I think I need to spend more time on it again and get back in there and because all the time you know but a lot of that stems from insecurity I mean cuz the thing is of course we we had a video recently every minute someone is eliminated it didn't performed the best um you know and their like our intro was a little repetitive it was a little dark it um it we had we brought back like losers from Beast games to compete in a main Channel video but the problem is some people thought it was Beast games they like oh I've already seen this there was just a lot of rookie mistakes there and it's very easy for me to like you know get insecure and and like be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is why I need to be in the weeds but the end of the day it's like it's not like when I was calling all the shots I was perfect either so as long as it's like as long as when people make mistakes they learn from them I have a say like that I tell people all the time like like whenever our new creatives [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I I'll look at Tyler I go Tyler's literally cost me tens of millions of dollars in bad decisions like this isn't going to be the first time you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] us out of a million dollars as long as you learn from it it's fine um and so as long as like that's where these after action reports are are important because as long as we when we mess up we articulate why and it doesn't happen again then it's just part of it but yeah I mean if the same thing was happening over and over and over again that'd be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need to get step in but my my guys are just good like they don't make the same mistake twice tell me about experimentation and testing cuz people look to you as the the real king of like testing and experimentation how Central is this to the success of everything that you do very much and that's the thing like that every minute video like it flopped you know and that was your your highest chance of flopping is when you do something new like really really new uh one of our bigger flops before that too is we did this video where it was like 10 minutes this room will explode we built this giant Tower had a guy start at the top he had to make it it was a real- time shoot down press a button yeah it was just didn't perform that well people didn't really like it um is kind of complicated blah blah and it's like you have to be careful because you know um I want I want a culture where people feel comfortable experimenting and trying and feel fine failing and so you know when that video failed or when you know that every minute this someone's eliminated like you know I don't go and yell at people or call them idiots or anything like that I just I'm like what did we do wrong all right here's all the facts just make sure it doesn't happen again not going to be the first time you cost me a bunch of money it's all good you know I see this as investing in you guys and let's just learn from it I was gonna say because um or else if if there was a culture of that then people would just make the same videos again and a lot of YouTubers just ch out the same format I'm okay with my people failing I'm okay with the video being 10 out of 10 like as long as we actually took an honest good um try at it you know and and as long as we failed because we made the wrong shot call not because we were lazy not because we didn't put the effort in ETC as long as if as long as it's just like we made an educated decision to test something or try something and it just didn't work I'm cool with that we can do that all day and like they know that and i' I don't yell at people um you know or get mad at them when they um accidentally mess up like that I've invested more than a million pounds into this company Perfect Ted and they're also a sponsor of this podcast I switched over to using matcher as my dominant energy source and that's where perfect Ted comes in they have the match powders they have the match drinks they have the pods and all of this keeps me focused throughout a very very long recording day no matter what's going on and their team is obsessed with quality which is why they Source their ceremonial grade matcha from Japan so when people say to me that they don't like the taste of matcha I'm guessing that they haven't tried perfect Ted unlike lowquality matcha that has a bitter grassy taste perfect Ted is smooth and naturally sweet and without knowing it you're probably a perfect head customer already if you're getting your match at places like blank Street or Joe and the juice but now you can make it yourself at home so give it a try and we'll see if you still don't like matcha so here what I'm going to do I'm going to give you 40% off our matcher if you try it today head to perfect ted.com and use code st40 or if you're in a supermarket you can get it at tesos or Holland and Barett or in the Netherlands at Albert Heine and those of you in the US you can get it on Amazon as you guys know whoop is one of my show sponsors it's also a company that I have invested in and it's one that you guys asked me about a lot the biggest question I get asked is why use whoop over other wearable technology options and there is a bunch of reasons but I think it really comes down down to the most overlooked yet crucial feature it's noninvasive nature when everything in life seems to be competing for my attention I turn to whoop because it doesn't have a screen and will armed the CEO who came on this podcast told me the reason that there's no screen because screens equal distraction so when I'm in meetings or I'm at the gym my whoop doesn't demand my attention it's there in the background constantly pulling data and insights from my body that are ready for when I need them if you've been thinking about joining whoop you can head to join. woop.com CEO and try whoop for 30 days risk-free and zero commitment that's join. woop.com CEO let me know how you get on you've just concluded today the biggest competition show I think of all time well it is of all time but I think you've got 50 gu you know largest sets in history most World Records in history largest cash prize in history most winners in history most contestants in history most camera yeah and what 50 Guinness World Records yeah that we know of there's probably way more but yeah you said something on stage which I found quite interesting you said I kind of feel a bit sad yeah I know because every Thursday I got to look forward to like seeing the internet's reaction to Beast games and now I'm gonna wake up next Thursday and I don't I don't get to see what people think it's over they they describe um this in the Olympics as gold medal depression really yeah they say I think it's I might butcher these numbers but 70% of people after the Olympics even if they won a gold medal mhm experience depression afterwards because they they' lost their North Star that was giving them meaning in yeah no I mean I'm not I I mean I I guess I'm playfully sad but I don't it's fine we just I got I have so much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on I don't even really get to think about that kind of stuff and you're on to the next one uh yeah so we'll well Amazon let's get season two in the books already come on let's sign a contract can't really talk about it is the most me and Jack were talking about earlier on it is the most incredible thing that I think I've seen on TV and I just think I just I think I said you on the phone the other day I watch it knowing that unless you do another one I will never see something on this magnitude and scale no one wants to do something like I mean because it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard man and those sets and the the thing is the reason why a lot of reality TV doesn't feel that way uh and we could have obviously done much better storytelling and we will when we do future iterations but the the at its Crux like what people don't see is like to have a thousand cameras recording the amount of infrastruct like we broke a world record for most camera cables ran like the like the most miles of camera cables and like and the millions of dollars we had to spend on storage and millions of dollars on the control room and the millions upon millions of dollars of Hardware to edit it and like having to bring in Adobe to custom change the Adobe software where you could actually have that many multi cams it's like it is the the actual infrastructure to actually be able to do that is incredibly incredibly difficult and um that's why usually what they'll do is they'll be like all right here's a 1H hour like if you're filming a reality show here's a 1 hour window you know they'll send out story producers they'll put a camera on you they'll be like yo can you say this line you're kind of our villain this is what we're looking for they'll kind of tell you what to say and then they'll write the notes down and they'll catalog it for the editors whereas we're just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it we're going to be filming you know 24/7 all these cameras you guys be yourselves we'll just capture it because you don't know when someone's going to do something weird you don't know when someone's going to whisper to someone in form an alliance you don't know so you literally have to just be rolling and you need these to be acceptable angles so you need multiple an a cam and a b Cam and all this which creates a Monumental fuckload of footage but that's what allowed us that was I mean of amongst many things that's one of the biggest uh competitive advantages we had when filming Beast games is we put in the effort to to set up all this infrastructure we could actually capture it and just tell the story how it is instead of having to use story producers to put words in people's mouths but it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nightmare man like I had over 150 people editing that I mean we're coming through unfathomable amounts of footage and and everything and I mean even things from like the uh computer network and our local it constantly crashing because there's just so much footage there and like if I were to send all the Beast games footage to just one editor it would probably be like $300,000 in hard drives and you know and if you have 150 editors it's just impossible so we you spend millions of dollars and you build a central uh server room and so we have our own server acts and everything and then you have them remote in there but even then just due to the sheer volume of footage Adobe and everything was constantly crashing and it's like it was it was a nightmare on the back end but it's great because that's why we were able to tell what actually happened why it feels different because we were recording non-stop 247 I was wondering as I was watching it if Amazon are aware of the the fact that you're just going to give away the money like this like when you like flip the queen and it adds another $5 million that didn't affect them I lost a ton of money filming the show so that that came out of my pocket because really yeah we were we spent way too much money on it I lost tens of millions of dollars on that show really yeah I'm an idiot because the lines came out it was like Amazon give Mr Beast 100 million to do yeah show so I'm thinking okay I'm doing the math I'm thinking okay so he spent 20 odd million on the prizes MH yeah we gave away so there must be 80 million left or something I mean so episode one we spent over $15 million on those Towers building them all like that was the most towers ever built the most hydraulic press or whatever used I mean that that set was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy man we had to build a th000 towers that were 10 ft tall safety test them all put like get it where they actually work we had to literally hardwire them all and build like our own software where we could drop people we had to put up all the screens I mean that was that that was that's like arguably one of the largest sets ever built in history that was just episode one and that's just like the construction of the set That's not including like you said we we gave away over $20 million I think over two million was in episode one and then episode two we have the city which that was a 14 million dollar set build and that was um huge I mean because that was a real City that they were living in you know um and then I could yeah go but just between the 20 whatever two million we gave away plus those two sets I mean already right there you're probably you're at over $50 million how much did the whole thing cost that I have been advised not to say because because people will hear big number and be like oh well I could have made a good show if I had that kind of money but the thing is they couldn't because it's if money isn't everything like building and managing it is is you know infinitely harder but is it more than 100 million yeah of course yeah of course I mean well I just told you how we spent 50 million and that we're only two episodes in so how out of pocket are you tens of millions yeah it was not a good financial decision to make Beast games I lost money I would have more money if I didn't film it any regrets no no it's great I mean for for me I was it was about making season one as good as possible you know I can't let the YouTube Community down because that you know creators don't have a good rep when it comes to doing stuff on streaming platforms and you know I'm getting 200 million views of video on average over the course of the first year and I'm going to talk to these stream platforms and they're like H we've been burned by creators before I'm like bro I'm not a Tik tocker that dances I have a production company and I routinely make spectacles and even me these streaming platforms they weren't taking serious so I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like if I fail it's over like no one's ever no streaming platform is ever going to touch a YouTuber ever again so my big thing was just making sure this crushed and you know now the doors are opening up I mean I'm getting calls from creators left and right and they're like Oho yeah streaming platforms they wouldn't talk to me before now they're coming like I would tried to get a meeting with them and they were like no now they're like begging to like have meetings with them and I already know of two creators that have signed deals um just on the backend success of Beast games and probably I mean hundreds of hundreds of millions of dollars is going to flow into Creator's Pockets just because of Beast games in the next year well the UN Rotten Tomatoes which is not an easy an easy critic to no you you got it was like 90% approval from fans which is pretty unheard of in Rotten Tomatoes I know um but also I hear through the the grape vine that it is on track to become one of Amazon's biggest shows of all time yeah see the problem is I have to wait for them to do a press release so okay yeah well I'm I'm just talking I got you I told him I'd be a good boy and not leak things so but for a a YouTuber quote unquote YouTuber yeah well they did release it it was their number one unscripted show of all time and then yeah I mean the it's I I don't think they'd mind me saying it's very the show's very Evergreen like usually these shows get a lot of attention then kind of like Teeter off but ours is like like over 700,000 new unique viewers are watching it every single day like which is pretty crazy because if we maintain that like yeah it's going to shatter some pretty crazy records and what's the upside for you to continue promoting it now that it's done because I put all this effort in I want people to see it yeah I don't get paid to like all the promotion I'm doing now I'm not getting paid for really but I mean but I mean I guess the upside would be the better season one does you know the more money I get for season two three four five Etc if I sit here with you in 10 years time Jimmy yep oh Bo and everything went to plan um you're 36 at that age I already know what you're gonna ask yeah I mean I hate that kind of stuff because if you ask me the problem is if you asked me this like five years ago I never would have said anything about febles or a lot of the stuff I'm doing now and so the honest answer is I don't know I mean I think in what I'm doing you know hopefully by then I have two billion subscribers on YouTube you know Beast games is bigger than we ever imagine hopefully feastival has gotten over a million kids out of child labor by then um and you know I probably will have two or three other businesses that I'm very passionate about that are hopefully crushing and yeah just I don't know and personally maybe I'll have a kid by then I don't know I mean only time will tell it's it won't be until I feel like I could actually have enough time to be a good dad but I I don't even know man I don't think about my personal life I just think about winning and got to build some photos I found that I loved oh okay holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this me or my brother me this one as well where did you get these um internet these are on the internet these are like the really iconic photos that I from see really I don't think I've ever seen this one really yeah I don't do you recognize anything in that photo other than no I don't I was just thinking like what house am I even in I might be at a military base potentially cuz when we were younger my both my parents are in the military so they're traveling a lot so this might just be like some random house interesting I do recognize this like this photo in the background I'm sure you're throw up on screen I think that that that was yeah that's on the hallway beside her bathroom I haven't been to my mom's house in so long um interesting you you do so much for children but if you could whisper in that child's ear something about buy Bitcoin what was it like two pennies back then no um I know because I wouldn't want I wouldn't say anything if you gave me a microphone to talk to him because the problem is I'd be I'd be worried that it would change you know the outcome of of how I became and like I'm very even though I know earlier on I was probably sounded a little depressed because shit's hard but you know I'm I am happy with the position I am in and I would be worried that you know like this is definitely a very confused child that's not fitting in that feels like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] freak not this young one I don't know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's thinking but this one right here probably is around the age where I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weirdo I don't fit in with anyone why does no one want to build businesses and succeed but I think going through that Journey was was important and it's uh yeah it just gives me a lot of conviction with things so I probably if I wasn't allowed to say buy Bitcoin I just wouldn't say anything what about Taha yeah to my mom I would I mean this well what's funny is these are these are two different photos of my mom you have like this version of my mom I don't think there's anything I could say that would I mean cuz she's she was in the military and they just beat like systems and order into your head and she this is probably right around the time where we lost everything and so this you know and she's at a very low point in her life and so I don't think there's anything I could say that ever would have like convinced her that her lunatic son is heading down the right path and um you know but you know you can see the difference here where it's it's almost indicative where she's smiling in this photo this is when I gave her 100 Grand this is after we made it this is after we had the whole conversation where she finally is like okay I'll Trust you you know there's a the the whatever 12 13 years between these two photos was a very hard journey um especially when I stopped going to college and I got straight zeros and I mean she thought oh his life's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over I just wasted 18 years of my life you know um so same thing I don't I don't I don't think there's anything I could say that would have changed anything um if anything it would have just gave her a heart attack do she do you tell her now what she means to you and how oh course yeah yeah and she's she's very happy and like yeah we're we're in a really good spot now I I love my mom I mean because obviously I wouldn't be here without her you know what I mean if she didn't work multiple jobs and do all the things she did to put me where I am I mean even little things like you know she uh would give me like some months like you know 20 $30 and then I would take that money and use that to like buy stuff to like help make videos or or whatever um and even just the fact that we had internet you know what I mean and things like that which you know I mean pretty basic now it wasn't as common back then you used to get a phone call and you're like house internet I don't know if you would go out yeah and so like you know um it wasn't the best position but she gave me all the tools I needed to succeed not you know on purpose but she must be so shocked well she's used to it now but yeah I mean on the come up I mean it was yeah I mean imagine being her you know what I mean she used to when I turned 16 like she couldn't afford to buy me a car she couldn't she couldn't afford like the minivan we had like it was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like needed a repair she couldn't afford it like smoke was coming out the front of it she was a an absolute mess and then she comes home and I'm just like I'm making YouTube videos [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] math homework mom and you know and she's just like she I think she was making $40,000 a year cuz I uh we didn't talk about Fin is much when we were younger but I remember I got a $40,000 brand deal and then she told me that's how much I make in a year and I was like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I didn't at the time I was like I thought you made way more than 40 Grand a year um and then I was like why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you working like I'm getting paid this per video now on brand deals and so um yeah what an incredible woman I know she's from everything she went through to know she she just needs to be happy I try not to stress her out she's been through enough stress like her her job is i' I've been making her not make I mean she wants to do it but like exercise routinely do all the like system like body Health scans and you know get on the vitamin grind and everything because like I'm not having kids anytime soon but obviously when I do have kids I really want her to be involved and she needs to be able to play with them and things like that so I'm like you know stress is going to kill you you're not allowed to be stressed you need to do all these Health protocols you need to be like cuz you know you might be in your 70s when I have kids like you need to be able to move around which means you might potentially be 80 when they're like 14 or 15 like come on like what you do now is indicative will represent how active you'll be able to be in my kids lives so like and we do the have these conversations in a playful way so she's taking her health very serious for the future you're not a man that seems to have many fears but that appears to be one of them a fear that we both share yeah exactly I mean hope she'll just never die my mom's gonna live forever we'll be fine Brian Johnson we have a closing tradition on this podcast with the last guest Le a question for the next guest not knowing who they're leaving it for okay do do I get hit with the question first or you get hit with the question first okay would you rather die with a sound body or a sound mind sound body or sound mind oh I assume if I chose body then like that would be like Dementia or something on the mind um that's hard die somebody or some mind I mean what are you if you don't have your mind I would say mine to be honest amen yeah Jimmy thank you do I get to write my question now you do I want to say something to you though um I have to give you a lot of credit because so many people like us like our teams we have stolen so much from you we've stolen your principles your mentality and it's made us be better creators which has allowed us to live the lives that we get to live and do these things that we we love the most and um there's always a cost I think to being different and to being weird there's an upside but there's also a really really really big cost and you you pay that cost the most when you're younger and you have to fit into the the system and you don't get to choose who you hang around with and stuff um but then as an adult as you said we all then clap for this the unique ones the weird ones and we steal from them and we aspire to be them and we learn from them and you have in the very short amount of time that I've been speaking to you for like a week or something have blown my mind open I got to see the behind the scenes of Beast games and my entire mind as I sat there on the sofa I like remember where I was sat when I saw the behind the scenes just exploded MH and you made me um in that moment realize how much I'd limited myself as someone that I considers themselves to be really ambitious I'd limited myself and so I wanted to say thank you because you're not just doing that for me you're doing that for tens of millions hundreds of millions of people all at the same time and you're giving them the the road map but also a blueprint and the mentality and the belief that they too don't have to live the life that school or the system has told them they have in the Box agre exactly so thank you so much honestly cuz we need more people like you and I'm I'm your biggest fan thank you I really really appreciate you thank you all right let's see if we can break into a Walmart you're so funny some of the most successful fascinating and insightful people in the world have sat across from me at this table and at the end of every conversation I asked them to leave a question behind in the famous Diary of a CEO and it's a question designed to spark the kind of conversations that matter most the kind of conversations that can change your life we then take those questions and we put them on these cards on every single card you can see the person who left the question the question they asked and on the other side if you scan that barcode you can see who answered it next something I know a lot of you have wanted to know and the only way to find out is by getting yourself some conversation cards which you can play at home with friends and family at work with colleagues and also with total strangers on holiday I'll put a link to the conversation cards in the description below you can get yours at the diary.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [2600 likes]: Quick question, do you like these types of convos? If so, please hit the like button on the vid - that’s the best way to let us know (also, would be doing me a big favour if you could subscribe & join our community) I appreciate you - SB! X
  2. @SUPERIOR_SPACEMAN17 [1 likes]: Wow, I felt this.
  3. @hobiedobiedo [1 likes]: What he has overcome is admirable. He is highly intelligent and puts his mind to work generating not only success, but also helping people. Being different isn’t bad and he was smart enough to make it work for him. I was impressed with this interview.
  4. @o77o5on: Love Mr Beasts moral compass. I wish more leaders like Mr Beast would do something to make this world a better place, than making their own. It's truly disgusting! Brilliant idea "Taking a bite out of child labor" Hope he's successful and without sounding condescending, I'm so proud of him!
  5. @Kittyofficial101: Aww poor millionaire
  6. @crystaloh.7257: You have to admit, listening to him talk and rave about his businesses, the man sounds like a god damn literary genius.
  7. @RubiBolivar-c4i: Only Jesus Christ can make you happy a person, not money or fame can do that
  8. @Dbie2025: わかるー！大人や家族が心配っていう名目で、枠に押し込めたがるわ
  9. @Albamixbeats: Subscribe
  10. @Albamixbeats: 😢😢
  11. @OGFitDrKeith: Mr Beast Chronns is for sure curable and I am confident I can help you 100%
  12. @zeitzeuge_der_80er: Oh, how I wish there was a "like"-Filter on Youtube...
  13. @sheltontm90: Please help me... idky I'm alive I'd rather be dead. I want to live but know what for or why...
  14. @shaneprescott432: HEY LISTEN UP JIMMY DONALDSON  .   IM A PLAYER OF ONE OF THE CASH GAMES  .    LUCKY CLAUS SLOTS .    I WAS MADE A VIP PARTNER  IN 6 DAYS  . I WAS TOLD  I WOULD RECIEVE  $1,000 A DAY BY THE  GAME PROCTOR  .     ALEX  THE CIRCLE TALKING SCAM MAN  . 
     I HAVE BEEN PLAYING FOR JUST  OVER A MONTH  .   I HAVE RECIEVED NOTHING   .    ALEX THE PROCTOR OF THE GAME HAS PLAYED GAMES WITH MY INTERFACE  HE HAS THE ACCOUNT LOCKED SO I CAN'T WITHDRAWAL MONEY  . THE MONEY " VIP BONUSES "  THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO HIT PAYPAL  NEVER HIT PAY PAL .     I HAVE PUT 200K THRU THE SLOT .     YOU SEEM VERY CINCERE  .   I THINK YOU'RE EASY TO HAVE STUFF HAPPENING BEHIND YOUR BACK.      THIS DUDE ALEX. THIS MONEY IS PERSONAL,  HE ACTS AS IF THAT MONEY IS HIS .     I TOLD HIM  .    I CAN'T TRUST HIM HE HAS SPOKEN IN TOMANY CIRCLES  .       HIS ENTIRE THING IS ABOUT  LEVERAGING ME INTO  WAGERING  . ITS VERY POSSIBLE THIS IS HIS SIDE ACTION.        I CAME TO YOUR GAME BECAUSE I NEEDED HEART MEDICINE.  WHAT KIND OF MAN  RIPS OFF A GUY THAT NEEDS MEDICINE  TO STAY ALIVE  .  IN A FINANCIALLY COMPROMISED POSITION OR WHAT EVER  .    WHAT IS INTERESTING IS I HAVE PLAYED MANY GAMES YOU HAVE ENDORSED.     I HAVE NOT BEEN PAID A DIME .     I WONDER IF ALEX   ANTICS  HAS ALL PAY OUTS JAMMED .      
             ASKED  MANY TIMES  PLEASE  PAY ME MY BONUSES I NEVER RECEIVED  . PLEASE  CASH  ME OUT .          IM LIVID  . 
        MAKE IT RIGHT PLEASE
  15. @gaboconsciencia: gracias por toda la información
  16. @breadnbutterpk: This is the most poring pod ive seen so far
  17. @visiondinvestisseur: Beast Game on Moon with Elon 🫣🎁
  18. @SuperMegaHyperDrive: It amazes me how many people fall for this guy's crap. He's not a good guy
  19. @andrewrios2295: Mr. Beast shitting on small business owners. You're not any better than anyone else. Remember that dude. Letting that money go to your head.
  20. @Podcast_99-e9y: https://www.youtube.com/@Podcast_99-e9y

- Every MrBeast Controversy Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy Donaldson, better known as Mr. Beast, has built a reputation as YouTube's most creative philanthropist. He stages million-dollar giveaways, ambitious stunts, and large-scale challenges that often leave viewers in awe. However, in August 2024, that polished public image was called into question after former employee Matt Turner made allegations about the creator and his team. Turner, who had worked with the Mr. Beast Crew in 2017 appeared on the H3 podcast with Ethan and Ela Klene to expand on earlier claims about what he called a toxic work environment. Although Turner had previously apologized and walked back those comments, his later appearance took a darker turn. He alleged that inappropriate edgy jokes involving minors were a recurring part of the team's behind-the-scenes culture. Everyone was consistently making these wildly inappropriate jokes about 5-year-old kids. Turner told the clients like gonna go home and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] insert name. When asked who specifically made those comments, Turner named Chris Tyson and Jimmy himself, framing it as a part of what he described as an edge lord sense of humor. Turner also shared an incident from a video shoot that he claimed showed just how far the team's behavior could go. One day, we were filming a video playing Fortnite in the middle of the ocean, and one too many jokes got said, and Dan, the manager, flipped, he recalled. Understandably, he couldn't take it anymore. He took a cameraman and threw him into the water. These allegations add to a very long list of criticism. Earlier in the same month, two more former employees, Dogpack 404 and Jake Wed, also claimed Jimmy promotes a toxic workplace environment. Jimmy's ambitious leap into the food industry with Mr. Beastburgger became one of his most controversial ventures, ending in a very public legal dispute launched in November 2020 at the height of the CO9 pandemic. Mr. Mr. Beastburg began as a creative way to support struggling restaurants while offering fans a chance to eat like Mr. Beast. Instead of having traditional restaurant locations, the chain relied on ghost kitchens, shared commercial spaces run by companies such as Travis Kalanick's cloud kitchens and Reef Technology, where partnering restaurants prepared and delivered orders through food apps. The concept took off quickly, expanding into hundreds of locations and generating massive buzz. But the rapid growth was short-lived because Jimmy didn't own or directly manage the kitchens. He couldn't control quality across thousands of locations. Customer complaints began to surface online in what court filings described as thousands, with posts claiming the food was sometimes the worst burger I had ever had, or so nasty I couldn't eat it. Others reported receiving unbranded packaging or food traced back to unexpected sources. One parent even said he felt he had let his children down after discovering his order came from a 7-Eleven kitchen. By mid 2023, Mr. Beast publicly acknowledged the quality control issues in a now deleted tweet, explaining that his goal had been to help restaurants make money during the pandemic when working with 2,000 restaurants I don't own. It's impossible to guarantee the order quality. Then in July 2023, Beast Investments, which is Mr. Beast business entity filed a lawsuit in the Southern District of New York against Virtual Dining Concepts, the operator of Mr. Beastburgger. The suit sought to terminate their partnership, citing reputational damage from poor food quality. The legal filing even included screenshots from fans alleging they had been served undercooked or raw meat, arguing that the continued association with substandard food was harming Mr. Beast brand. In July 2024, the usually unstoppable Mr. Beast Empire faced a rare storm. Ava Chris Tyson, a longtime collaborator and familiar face on the Mr. Beast channel, abruptly announced she was stepping away from her role. Her decision came just hours after messages from her Discord server leaked, pulling her into one of the most heated online debates of the year. The leaked exchanges dated back to when Tyson was 20 and interacting with Lava GS, a then 13-year-old moderator on her server. The nature of the conversations, which Lava later dismissed as jokes, caused accusations of grooming across social media. Tyson's role in a channel with a predominantly young audience meant that every interaction she'd had with fans was suddenly under a microscope. The situation escalated the very next day. Another former Discord moderator, Nathan Weman, released a statement saying that Tyson had used and manipulated him while he had worked under her as a teen. Weman and a group of former moderators published more than half a million Discord messages from Tyson's server, some containing sexually explicit jokes and links to explicit websites. Although the logs were quickly removed from GitHub, the damage was done. Previous edgy and weird tweets from Tyson also circulated around this time with her publicly supporting an artist that used to draw inappropriate images of real life children. She had even bought a physical copy of his work and hung it up on her wall with her claiming this was meant to just be an edgy joke. Many fans were upset with Jimmy because he was most likely aware of this behavior but did nothing about it up until everyone started talking about it. When Beast Games finally premiered on Prime Video, it was supposed to be a milestone moment, the largest reality competition ever attempted, hosted by the world's biggest YouTuber. But for many, the celebration was short-lived. A consumer advocate raised concerns about the show's partnership with financial tech company Money Lion, arguing that the promotion of financial products during a series watched by millions of young viewers could be problematic. That concern was layered on top of a much bigger problem. Months earlier, five contestants had filed a lawsuit against Donaldson, Amazon, and the production partners behind Beast Games, alleging mistreatment during filming. The complaint painted a disturbing picture. Contestants allegedly deprived of food, sleep, medical care, and basic hygiene, with some hospitalized during the competition. Attorneys for the plaintiffs argued that the production created inhumane conditions and subjected participants to emotional and physical harm. The lawsuit also alleges that production staff ignored sexual harassment, citing a handbook that encouraged employees to empower the boys on set, even if that meant inappropriate behavior. Attorneys representing the plaintiffs had argued that the participants should have been considered employees under California law given their controlled working conditions and promised compensation. If the court agreed, the case could have wide-reaching implications for reality television, forcing producers to rethink how they treat contestants who sign up for extreme challenges. For Mr. Beast, the lawsuit was a major test. His brand has been built on generosity and spectacle, and the allegations risk destroying his image, especially as the show continued airing to millions of viewers worldwide. With that being said, Beast Game season 2 continued filming nonetheless, with the release date aiming for 2026. Lunchly was marketed as the next big thing in prepackaged meals, a collaboration between Mr. Beast Logan Paul in KSI designed to reimagine the nostalgic lunch kit for a new generation. Each box came with a Feastables chocolate bar and a bottle of Prime, a slightly healthier alternative to Lunchables. The pitch was fun, convenient, and backed by three of the most influential creators on the planet. But the roll out quickly turned controversial. Critics immediately questioned its nutritional value, and YouTuber DanTDM went viral for calling it, selling crap to kids who don't know better. His single post brought a lot of responses, including defensive replies from Logan Paul and KSI, and a statement from Mr. Beast. What might have stated debate about processed food took a darker turn when baking creator Rosanna Panzino posted a video titled, "I tried Lunchly. It was moldy." The video shows Pansino opening a sealed lunchly kit on camera and discovering visible mold inside the cheese packet given her history of criticizing Mr. Beast. Many fans initially dismissed the claim as biased. But Pansino released the raw uncut footage of her taste test and posted close-up photos of the mold, writing, "Please be careful everyone. This is not safe and okay, especially for children." Within days, social media was filled with similar claims. Some users even turned the search for mold into a trend, posting videos captioned, "Opening a lunchly every day until I find mold." Twitch streamer a spicy cow, who set out to disprove Pansino's claims live on stream, ironically found mold in their own kit, accidentally confirming what critics were saying. Logan Paul and KSI addressed the issue lightly on the impulsive podcast, calling the backlash a clout grab and insisting the product was safe. Mr. Beast notably did not respond publicly. Lunchley issued a statement claiming all products pass under USDA inspection before shipping. Still, for Mr. Beast, the incident marked yet another reputational hit and the second time a food brand bearing his name has been caught up in controversy. In early 2024, Mr. Beast faced a new round of allegations that threatened to overshadow his carefully maintained brand. Just weeks after a longtime collaborator left the channel amid allegations of inappropriate messages to a minor, a former employee reignited controversy by claiming Mr. Beast knowingly employed a registered sex offender. The accusation came from Dogpack 404, where he interviewed Jake Whed, another ex employee, who alleged that a man known internally as Delaware worked for Mr. Beast despite being a registered sex offender. He claimed Mr. Beast was fully aware of Delaware's criminal record and covered up the fact that he worked there by putting him in masks when he appeared in videos. The story quickly spread across social media, prompting responses from other former employees. Jake the Viking confirmed that Delaware was his brother-in-law and acknowledged his past. According to Jake, Delaware had taken a plea deal years earlier and the charges were expected to be dropped later in 2024. He was hired before I was and was actually the reason I got hired at Mr. Beast. Jake wrote in a statement on Twitter. He added that Jimmy was informed of the situation at the time of hiring. According to Jake, Delaware primarily worked behind the scenes as a manager and only appeared on camera when additional participants were needed. He noted that Delaware was uncomfortable appearing in the straight jacket video, specifically because of his past charges, which explained the use of a mask. A spokesperson for Mr. Beast referred reporters to an internal memo which stated that the company is making a conscious shift to better the work environment so that all employees can feel safe. Still, the timing of the allegations arriving so soon after other public controversies left many questioning the channel's vetting practices and its responsibility as one of the most visible creator brands on the platform. In a rare 2-hour interview with creatorville, Mr. Beast finally addressed months of allegations made against him by former employee Dog Peek 404. The sitdown marks the first time that Jimmy had spoken publicly about claims that he ran fake giveaways and rigged video outcomes. One of the most viral claims from Dog Peek 404's video involved an old giveaway that allegedly lacked a legally required no purchase necessary disclaimer. In the interview, Mr. Beast admitted that this may have been true for one early contest, but stressed that his team was investigating and had begun offering refunds to anyone who felt wronged. The controversy drew further responses from current employees. A staff member known as Chucky on Twitter posted a detailed rebuttal, explaining that he personally connected giveaway winners to accounting to ensure payments were sent. "We do not fake giveaways," Chucky wrote, calling Dog Pack's claim another lie. He also revealed that Dogpack was employed for less than a month in 2024 and had been fired for erratic behavior. For Mr. Beast, "The allegations are not just a PR headache. They have financial consequences. Sponsors have pulled out and this has cost us millions." He told Oompville, "Jimmy revealed that he is considering legal action, describing a lawsuit against Dog Pack as the easiest win for his legal team." "Despite the backlash, Mr. Beast emphasized that his focus remains on transparency and quality. I just want people to trust my videos and business. We're here to make the best content and products possible," he said. A statement that seemed aimed not only at critics, but at restoring confidence among his massive audience. In October 2022, Mr. Beast planned to film a video at a Piggly Wiggly Supermarket in Greenville, North Carolina, where he would surprise shoppers by paying for everyone's groceries. On October 22nd, he got permission from the store manager to film. Unfortunately, an employee leaked the plan and by the following day, word had spread across the community. On October 23rd, large crowds showed up loading carts with items in hopes that Mr. Beast would cover the cost. When it became clear that Mr. Beast would not be coming, citing safety concerns, the situation quickly got out of control. Shoppers grew upset. Some abandoned their carts full of groceries and others began stealing items. Some staff and security were unable to manage the chaos. And although police were eventually called, many of the crowd had already left, perishable goods spoiled, shelves were damaged, and parts of the store were vandalized. Authorities later identified some of the people who stole or caused damage using security cameras. Those caught face fines and were permanently banned from the store. Meanwhile, the supermarket had to shut down for a week to deal with the mess, repairs, and restocking. Many people were upset with how Jimmy handled this situation when the news of this came out. In the end, the video idea was scrapped. Mr. Beast had to pay for the spoiled or stolen products, the repair work, and an additional fee. He later issued a public apology for what happened. Earlier this year, Mr. Beast found himself at the center of a debate over artificial intelligence and creative ownership. Jimmy announced major changes to his AI powered thumbnail tool following intense backlash from fellow creators who argued the technology crossed ethical lines. The tool developed in partnership with analytics platform View Stats allowed creators to generate thumbnails by referencing images from existing YouTube videos, including their own. Marketed as a way to get professionallook thumbnails easily, it was priced at $80 a month, far less than hiring a thumbnail artist. But not everyone was impressed. Prominent YouTubers like Jack SeptiCai voiced outrage accusing Mr. Beast of using his branding and likeness without consent in promotional material. "What the actual fuck?" And he used my logo, "Fuck AI," Jack wrote on Twitter. A post that went viral. The backlash quickly snowballed, prompting Mr. Beast to directly address the criticism. "In a follow-up post, he acknowledged that the tool missed the mark and pledged to revise it. His stated goal, he emphasized, was to level the playing field for smaller creators, not replace human artists. Despite this explanation, the controversy emphasized a growing tension within the creator economy, the balance between technological innovation and the protection of individual creative work. In response to the backlash, Mr. Beast announced that he would temporarily remove the thumbnail generator from view stats and work on updates to address ethical concerns. I care more than any of you could ever imagine about the YouTube community, he told followers. Obviously, I'm the biggest YouTuber in the world, and I don't take that responsibility lightly. If creators don't want the tools, no worries. The move was seen as an attempt to reset the conversation and rebuild trust. In June 2025, Mr. Beast found himself at the center of a heated debate over the ethics of turning grief into content. On June 21st, Jimmy uploaded a video titled Lose 100 L pounds, win $250,000, meant to inspire viewers by following Maj, a contestant on a highstakes weight loss challenge. But instead of motivating, the video ignited controversy when fans accused Mr. Beast of exploiting tragedy for views. The video documents Maja's 100-day journey to lose weight under the guidance of Coach Tyler Wall. By day 85, Wall was found dead. What pushed the upload into controversy wasn't just that the death was mentioned. It was that the moment Maj learned of it was captured on camera, set to emotional piano music, and included in the final cut. The raw reaction, which shows Maj processing the loss in real time, quickly divided the internet. Some viewers were deeply uncomfortable with the decision to include such a vulnerable moment. Others compared the video to Logan Paul's infamous 2017 Japan for his vlog controversy, suggesting it blurred the line between documentary style storytelling and emotional exploitation. But not everyone agreed the footage was exploitative. Some defended Mr. Beast, arguing that the clip honored Wall's memory and gave way to Maja's journey. In the video description, Mr. Beast's team wrote that Wall was a kind and genuine spirit whose legacy should inspire others. According to the note, his family gave their blessing to include the footage, wanting his death to carry a message of hope rather than silence. The debate touches on a larger question about Mr. Beast's content. Where is the line between inspiration and spectacle? His videos have always walked the fine balance between heartfelt storytelling and entertainment engineered for mass appeal. In August 2025, Mr. Beast made headlines after calling out Rolling Stone for ranking him seventh on its 25 most influential creators of 2025 list. On paper, the list was meant to celebrate creators shaping internet culture. But placing Jimmy below comedian and actor Caleb Hin, who has just over a million followers, left many scratching their heads. For a creator with hundreds of millions of followers across platforms, seventh place felt like a snub, and Mr. Beast seemed to agree. In a now deleted post on Twitter, Jimmy shared his frustration under a fan's thread that listed the rank creators. His comment was blunt. According to this list, a guy with 1 million followers is more influential than me. What did I do to piss off the Rolling Stone? That one post was enough to light up Reddit and Twitter. Reactions range from amused to annoyed. Many called Mr. Beast a narcissist after this, criticizing him and asking why he even cares about this. Others rushed to defend Caleb Hierin. And Mr. Beast himself seemed to agree eventually. In a follow-up post, he admitted he had watched Hernand's content and enjoyed it, explaining why he deleted his original complaint, but the damage, some argued, was already done. YouTuber Rosanna Panzino chimed in, claiming this was another example of Mr. Beast's mass slipping. "Sorry, Jimmy," she wrote. Caleb has something you'll never have, a personality. Political streamer Hassan Oppy added that the post made Mr. Beast sound so bitter. The controversy reveals a rare crack in Mr. beast usually polished public image. For years, he has been celebrated as YouTube's golden boy, the unproatic philanthropist. This incident showed a different side, a more human one maybe, but also a more defensive one. In late July 2025, clips resurfaced showing YouTube star Mr. Beast using homophobic slurs and joking about the sale of black people during a stream that appears to date back to 2017. Some called it a stain on his reputation. Others argued it was simply a case of edgy teenage humor coming back to haunt him. One of the most circulated clips posted on Twitter by fellow creator Rosanna Panzino shows a young Mr. Beast responding to a viewer who asked how much he would pay to buy a black person. The most I would pay is like $300. In the same stream, he casually dropped a slur for gay people multiple times. For a creator whose brand has long been sold as familyfriendly, the resurfaced footage hit hard. In a statement to the Times, a representative for Jimmy attempted to contextualize the remarks. When Jimmy was a teenager, he acted like many kids and used inappropriate language while trying to be funny. Over the years, he has repeatedly apologized and has learned that increasing influence comes with increased responsibility to be more aware and more sensitive to the power of language. After making some bad jokes and other mistakes when he was younger, as an adult, he has focused on engaging with the Mr. community to work together on making a positive impact around the world. Some fans argued that holding a then teenager to the same standard as today's global celebrity is unfair, pointing to his philanthropic work as evidence of growth. Others countered that the jokes were never just edgy humor like he put it. They were harmful and posting them publicly amplified harmful language. Again, another controversy where Mr. Beast's clean-cut image collides with the messy reality of internet history. Whether fans choose to see this as evidence of growth or proof that his persona is carefully manufactured, the resurfaced clips are forcing a conversation about accountability, redemption, and the limits of it was just a joke. Thank you very much for watching this video, and if you enjoyed, make sure to leave a like, comment down below your thoughts on any of the Mr. Beast controversies I discussed in this video, and subscribe if you would like to see more videos like this one. Thank you again and goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cobblestoneperson [48 likes]: Thank god that I don’t have to watch 17 videos
  2. @Doctorreddd [5 likes]: A lot of reasons why I don't watch him anymore
  3. @FrozenSnowman27836 [3 likes]: Dont people see how sick he is? It reminds me of an  episode of Mr. Robot where we get a scene of a corpo type paying a homeless man after he beats him mercilessly and then demands the beggar thank him for the money.
  4. @Mr.TullamoreDew [3 likes]: jimmy is 'untouchable' and always right because he brings money to youtube
  5. @hongkong2574 [2 likes]: Rosanna pansino is just a fool who thinks hating people she will never be is fun and yes I get the lunchly one but she just hates beast because she has a big ego
  6. @FoxyGuyHere [1 likes]: I have no proof of everything but it really seems that he is abuser, sexist, pedo or at least pedo protector, manipulator and a lot of other evil things
  7. @Aide473 [1 likes]: Mr beast has lost pretty much all old fans nad the only reason he's still around is because of kids naivety. Mr Beast is capitalism in a bottle. Why don't more people wake up to this (woke). Mr beasts chocolate is alright because American chocolate is horrid. Dantdm is right.
  8. @iamthestormthatisapproaching69 [1 likes]: How much do you want to bet that there's going to be a mr beast clone in a gta 6 mission? Reminds me of the rescue Tracie mission in gta 5
  9. @just_a_starx [1 likes]: The beast games would be exposed with actual evidence and no one would actually stick to it the conditions were so bad ,, people are just liars and plus if sm happens , Jimmy doesn't knows alot
  10. @Ladybvgs.22 [1 likes]: Guys you still respect trans people even if theyre a bad person, this is common sense
  11. @JimmyYT-w6g [1 likes]: I want part 2
  12. @smorris281 [1 likes]: Tbh there’s probably more skeletons in Jimmy’s closet. These are probably just the tip of the iceberg.
  13. @DavidBrendanPaul: He did not discover or take advantage of the algorithm. 
He installed it, programmed it, trained it.
Now YouTube is more corporate, and stupid... as a direct result.
  14. @barfy-man3628: Want to do another huge YouTube channel? I have some insight
  15. @just_a_starx: People say that Jimmy is toxic and stuff when they just won't really get the jokes and lie
  16. @spiderprime: You forgot one, the 23 million dollar pump and dump crypto scam and his excuse was... oh I'm just too stupid to understand any of this....
  17. @ShaggyShagz13: Mold is natural and organic. The Pauls should fight to the death and the winner should eat only  their products until death.
  18. @ElizabethPerez-kf1xs: The Mr beast hate is so forced
  19. @YouTubeWarsOfficial: What about DogPack404
  20. @jonathansegura5012: Chris Tyson needs the Ole Yeller treatment

- The New MrBeast Allegations are Terrible: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's get this out of the way. First thing, I'm going to say this one time, one time only. Then we're moving on. If I catch a single one of you commenting anything along the lines of, "You need to blow your nose or you sound funny," everybody's getting punished. Okay? I'm aware that it's a little nasely today. The situation is under control. I appreciate your concern. Trust me, though, I know. All right. Are we clear? Good. Glad we could come to an understanding. Ladies and gentlemen, I am happy to announce that I believe the universe has once again stabilized. Everything is finally back to normal. Or I mean, at least things are once again going the way we expect them to. And I say that because once again, the Mr. Beast company is being accused of something heinous. Feels like 2024 all over again. Yeah. So, a few days ago, it went public that a former Mr. Beast employee is suing the company over claims of sexual harassment and workplace gender bias. Now, the claims come from a former executive named Lorraine Maverro Matis, and I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. She worked there between 2022 and 2025 and she claims that the harassment of women employees was condoned and complaints were not taken seriously at the business. She also claims that she was fired after quote complaining about a workplace that suffered from a lack of basic employment protections. Now obviously these are extremely serious claims and right now everything is just alleged. But to me and really I think most people this looks pretty bad. And that is mainly due to the fact that this is not the first, nor is it even just the second time that we have heard of claims like this coming from people who work within or adjacent to the Mr. Beast company. Now, it is important to note that none of the claims that have made it to a courtroom have been confirmed yet, but uh at the same time, none of those lawsuits have come to a conclusion yet, and it seems like we are back in the middle of the show that was the whole Mr. Beast situation a couple of years ago. Now, if you somehow have no idea what I'm talking about when I say the Mr. be situation. Um, wow, you've missed out on a lot. But I think in the context of this video, it's important that you're at least somewhat aware of what I'm talking about. So, I'll do my best to give you a quick rundown in like a minute or less. For most of you, I realize that this will be you already know. But like I mentioned, this is not the first time we've heard of these claims. And I think that fact is extremely relevant when we are looking at a new lawsuit alleging the same stuff. So, with that being said, let's get into the details. There's a lot to go through. Let's begin. Please subscribe. Okay. So, like I said, going to try and get through this recap as quickly as I can, but uh there is a lot to go through. In my opinion, there is a lot of information that is relevant to this lawsuit and makes the whole thing look just that much worse. So, basically, back in early to mid 2024, Mr. Beast found himself in the beginning of what was going to end up being like a six-monthlong endless wave of controversy. And as I'm sure many of you remember, it all started with Aver Chris Tyson, a long-standing member of the Mr. Beast channel. Allegations surfaced that there were some inappropriate interactions between Ava Chris Tyson and minors on Discord. The screenshots of everything spread rapidly. People started digging and a whole lot of weird was discovered pretty quickly. And it was honestly pretty bad. Lots of seriously weird and seriously questionable behavior from Ava was discovered on Twitter. Old Mr. Beast videos. And all of this together resulted in Ava's departure from the channel. Now, eventually the Mr. Beast company announced an internal investigation into all this. a third party law firm was brought in and they found that the claims against Ava were baseless. Now, while that might be the case, the behavior that we could all see with our own eyes, stuff like having a Shadman poster in your room visible in a Mr. Beast video, was pretty damning. And from that point forward, there was really no going back. The reputation of the Mr. Beast company was forever damaged, and it only got worse from there. Shortly after this though, the whole Delaware situation popped up and this one is a lot foggier. What actually went down is still not really known, but basically the main claim was that the Mr. Beast company hired a known registered sex offender and tried to hide that from their audience. Now, obviously, the claims about trying to cover it up are just speculation. Multiple former employees claimed that the higher-ups at the Mr. Beast Company knew that he was a registered sex offender, but I did my best to look back and everything, and I think this is one of the things that never really like fully got resolved or answered. What is known for sure though is that in some way, shape or form, this guy was employed by the Mr. Beast company and he was a registered sex offender. Anyways, after this, and honestly, I think that this is probably the most important piece of context here, a class action lawsuit was filed against Mr. Beast production company regarding the Beast Games with the complaint alleged being widespread mistreatment of the Beast Games contestants with part of that mistreatment including sexual harassment. A quote from the lawsuit claims that the environment quote systematically fostered a culture of misogyny and sexism. So, I mean, combine all of this with other one-off claims of just general toxic workplace environments, including occasional claims of sexism and misogyny, and suddenly this new lawsuit looks a whole lot worse than it might if none of this other ever happened. Anyways, um, so much for that one minute long recap. I did the best I could. I think that's as quick as anybody on the planet could have done that. Let's take a look at what we know so far about this brand new lawsuit. So, like I mentioned earlier, this lawsuit was filed by a former executive at the Mr. Beast Company named Lorraine Maverroatis. And the main allegations of this lawsuit seem to be mistreatment of employees based on workplace gender bias and sexual harassment. More specifically, this article details that the lawsuit is accusing the Mr. company of violating federal law that entitles eligible employees to take unpaid job protected leave for qualifying family and medical reasons including child birth. Mavermatis also filed a complaint with the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alleging discrimination on the basis of sex, pregnancy, and retaliation. She claimed that she was working non-stop following her baby's birth, including while she was in the delivery room. She said in an interview, quote, "I was still bleeding and I just had to show up." She also said that in the years leading up to the termination of her employment, she experienced sexual harassment and workplace gender bias. Apparently, less than 3 weeks after she returned to work full-time after giving birth, she was fired. Due to all of this, Maverati says that she has suffered mental anguish, humiliation, embarrassment, and damage to her emotional and psychological well-being. She is seeking lost wages, lost benefits, and reinstatement amongst various other forms of damages. Now, I think it's important to note here that the Mr. Beast Company and its lawyers have been strongly denying these claims. Like the word strongly might be an understatement. A representative for the Mr. Beast Company has described the claims as a cloutchasing complaint built on deliberate misrepresentations and categorically false statements, saying that they have the receipts to prove that that is the case. They also said that the company had extensive evidence, including messages, documents, and witness testimony that unequivocally refutes Mavermatis claims. They said that they will not submit to opportunistic lawyers looking to manufacture a payday from us. There were also some more specific things shared like the company sharing an exchange on their workplace messaging app called Slack where apparently a co-orker told Maveratis that she shouldn't even be checking her messages after she had to cancel a meeting because she was in labor. And also in response to the claim that the company failed to inform her of her rights under the Family and Medical Leave Act, the company shared a screenshot of her signature confirming her receipt of the employee handbook including their FMLA policies. So, I mean, both sides are making extremely strong claims, and both sides seem pretty damn confident in their ability to prove their version of the story to be the correct one. And I mean, these claims just get worse and worse as you continue to get deeper and deeper into the details of this lawsuit. For example, one of the claims is that after a few months at the company, Maverro Matis noticed that Jimmy, aka Mr. Beast, would not make eye contact with her. And due to this, she asked James Warren, Mr. Beast's cousin, for advice. And according to the complaint, his response was that Jimmy gets really awkward around beautiful women. Let's just say that when you're around and he goes to the restroom, he's not actually using the restroom, which is genuinely just an insane thing to say to a person, especially in a work setting. And I feel like it's the kind of thing that is just so damn specific that most people would struggle like making something like that up. You would think that if this was said, it was said as just like a shitty attempt at humor, like this guy just trying to embarrass Mr. beast and make him look like a creep because he thinks it's funny. But like if this is true, whatever the intention might have been for the CEO of a company, which James was at the time, to tell an employee like, "Hey, you know the main guy around here?" Yeah. Whenever he sees you, he goes into the bathroom and jerks off is absolutely absurd. Like that is genuinely insane behavior. Mr. Beast's company responded to this and said that Jimmy's frequent bathroom trips were attributed to his Crohn's disease, which like, yeah, probably the case. I feel like the bigger issue here is not why Mr. Beast was going to the bathroom. I feel like it's the joke and the implication that the CEO of the company made. Interesting how they didn't really seem to address that. Anyways, that's pretty much all the information that's out there right now. This all just went public a few days ago from my understanding. So, it'll probably be a few months before we really hear anything like concrete. Obviously, everything is still up in the air right now, but as an outsider looking in, this does not look good. I feel like after you reach a certain number of these claims of these sorts of allegations, even the most skeptical of people really have to start questioning the idea that somehow all of these people are just doing this for fame, doing it for money, doing it for the clout. Like look, if it was still early 2024 and it was all pretty much just like YouTube videos, okay, I would understand being a lot more skeptical, but I feel like a lot of people underestimate the risk and expense that is involved when it comes to opening up a lawsuit like this. Lawsuits like this cost a lot. like hundreds of thousands of dollars. And it's even more expensive. It's even more stressful. It's more like everything negative associated with a lawsuit when you're going up against somebody that you know has like 10,000 times the funds that you have. Funds to hire the best lawyers to pick you apart, funds to counters sue you, funds to make this lawsuit an absolute living nightmare for you. Now, look, obviously those things being the case does not like automatically make this lawsuit airtight. It doesn't make the claims true, but I do feel like it sort of changes the optics. I feel like these days a lot of people are very quick to be like, "Oh, if you're saying anything bad about anybody like big and established, you're just clout chasing. You're just looking for a payday." And if it's like a YouTube video or a tweet, okay, I can understand that sort of mindset. But a massive lawsuit like this is a completely different game. And a lot of people are probably not going to do it like willy-nilly. Some people will for sure. That's why you can never just jump to conclusions. But I don't think you should jump to conclusions in either direction. Anyways, I'm curious to see how this all ends up playing out. If I'm not mistaken, the whole Beast Games lawsuit is still open. So, uh, probably not going to be the most fun year for the Mr. Beast company with the whole show that was that live stream streamer event that Mr. Beast tried to pull off a couple of weeks ago that apparently went down terribly. It's beginning to look a lot like 2024 all over again. And I'm not sure that's a good thing. Well, guys, what are your thoughts? Like I said, this whole thing looks a whole lot worse than it would if like this was the first time we had ever heard of anything like this going on at the Mr. Beast Company. But obviously, it is not. It's not even the second or third. So, I mean, like once you get a pattern of stuff like this happening, a pattern of these sorts of allegations, these sorts of accusations, even if they go nowhere in court, you've really got to start to wonder like why. Could it just be clout chasing? Could it just be people wanting money? Sure, it could be. It also could not be. And I feel like a lot of people these days are just like really quick to dismiss that as a possibility. I mean, like, in a way, you would hope that the lawsuit is You would hope that this stuff is not going down at a massive company. So, I mean, there's only so many people who really know the truth right now, and none of those people are us. So, I think it's just important to keep your mind open and realize that stuff like this can go either way. All I can say is hopefully eventually justice is served in the way it needs to be and one day we all know the truth. Not going to keep my fingers crossed for that one though because uh well, I just know better. See you. Hey, hey,

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDungDefender-z1k [1 likes]: Any allegations against this mf are automatically confirmed. How can ANYONE defend him when he turns EVERYTHING into a publicity stunt?
  2. @mysterbox7194: I was sick followed up by spring allergies that I’m still dealing with. I have no room to talk about any sinus stuff 😂
  3. @KingAlxndor: You need to blow your nose
  4. @PhilWithCoffee: I just saw a cardboard cutout of Jimmy at Lowe's and a candy bag at Menards.
  5. @X3N0BU55Y: UH OH! BIG DADDY’S NOT GONNA LIKE THIS!
  6. @MikhailGreyWolf: Mr. Beast is a billionaire; I hardly doubt he's a good person.
  7. @jibaba: You need to blow your nose, you sound funny.
  8. @hughmungus7015: Until mr beast makes a video about giving workers ownership over the means of production, I will not trust him to be a fair business owner.
  9. @Sun-Gamer35: 7:32 WHAT THE HELL???
  10. @tiaragrooms25: I watched half of a Mr. Beast episode 5 years ago and I thought right away, "Hm...this is fake as fuck. How are people buying into this?" Then 2024 happened and I went finally people are starting to see what I've been seeing, now in 2026 I'm thinking, "If everyone knows he's fake now how is he still so popular?"
  11. @daglishhhhh: Let me preface this by saying no I’m not doubting this woman’s claims just a genuine question.

I’m sorry did I hear this correctly? This woman wants to be reinstated to job after they made her work in the delivery room while in labor? What why? If someone tried to do that to my wife I wouldn’t be comfortable with her going back to that job specifically, would sue them for every cent I could and find a different employer. That is absurd to do to a family expecting a child and is unforgivable why would you want to go back?
  12. @cricketwheat: You need to blow your nose, you sound funny
  13. @LZulb: you sound funnny
  14. @borisinpanzers9283: Sorry august I normally wouldn't click off but I don't care about women and don't want to hear about their problems
  15. @commentonthis3676: Is it just me or does it sound like he’s gotta blow his nose? Sounds so nasally.
  16. @blackhearttopmedia6259: Bruh you need to blow your nose 😂😂
  17. @socketyellow3: Sounds like a normal duck, what's the problem
  18. @nongivehc: Never saw any video of that idiot....
  19. @Dazed_SpaceCake: I love ya, but you are a hater 😂
  20. @EricAntiBlanc: Dogpack404 will return in Avengers Doomsday

- Investigating MrBeast: Kind: captions Language: en I investigated Mr Beast who was recently accused of making $23 million with insider trading and scams I wanted to know the full story so I reached out to everyone from researchers to crypto projects even to Mr Beast himself and let me say the story is more complicated than you think I want to be clear what Mr Beast did what his team did is Shady but what we care about is did he cross that bright red line from Shady to Illegal scam and contrary to what Twitter says I don't think that's an easy answer instead I think the answer will depend on you if you love Mr Beast there will be an explanation at every turn an a scapegoat but if you hate Mr Beast what I'm about to show you will seem unethical and like a clear abuse of Fame for money so already this story is difficult but I want to make you aware of two more things which matter first I have gone to Mr Beast team to try to fact check the story extensively and they declined to fact check or comment on my many questions instead they gave me a statement which we will get to secondly I have a bit of history with Mr Beast I interviewed and spoke positively about him in the past but also his new co-founder is suing me and his other co-founder threaten to Sumi so you can make of that what you will as always I just want to let you know where I'm coming from and I've tried to get all sides of the story we're going to start with the major allegations against Mr Beast and Bill on those they come from two sources firstly an investigation by S xbt which claims Mr Beast made $10 million by backing low cap crypto tokens which are down 90% And the second investigation comes from a group of five people who investigated Mr Beast and found $23 million in profits from quote scams Shady deals and his Network now there are a lot of crypto projects they go over and I want to be clear some of these allegations I agree are bad others I think are actually wor than have been reported and still other allegations I simply disagree with them on so we're going to start with what I don't agree with according to the report poly chain monsters or Pon is a project which KSI promoted heavily Mr Beast did not but Mr Beast did get in the pre-sale and make a lot of money and thus the conclusion is made it's highly likely Mr Beast made an investment from that Insider information of ksi's promotional deal but there's simply no evidence provided of this I have the same thoughts about jig stack another coin which KSI promoted and the conclusion is though Mr Beast did not officially follow jig stack in his Network KSI was involved in promoting jig stack from this information Mr Beast invested and made a large return here again there isn't concrete proof now I asked the team who wrote this piece and the lead author Casper Vandal told me quote having known Mr beasts having a very strong connection with KSI it's basically highly probable he was vested as a result of KSI no concrete evidence just going off probabilities but I'm going to say I don't agree with that and I'm going to toss those probabilities aside I think they reach too far instead I'm going to stick with what we can prove happened luckily the biggest claims in this report the biggest money makers are much better supported by evidence starting with super this is the project Mr Beast is alleged to have made the most amount of money on over $10 million based on a pre-sale of $100,000 as for we have leaked screenshots showing Mr Beast telling Su founder that he can do 100K then we have a wallet that both investigations Trace to Mr Beast sending 100K to the pre-sale wallet and then we have the same wallets getting millions of these super tokens in a period of unlocks which were almost all sold aggressively now why is this bad well Mr Beast is obviously hugely influential and he publicly Associated himself with the project twice once on March 3rd 2021 he responded to a tweet with eyeball emojis and then he interacted a second time on May 12th 2021 this is much worse the founder elot trades had tweeted there's a gym sitting there on the market at eye-watering prices set to explode during the defi summer 2.0 Mr BEAST's response super but what he doesn't say is that he'd already purchased a huge stake in super at this point and on the day that he's tweeting he was selling tokens allegedly not only that he had been selling tokens and continued to sell tokens in the 72 hours after the May 12th tweet Mr Beast sold about $200,000 worth of these tokens and remember the context he's responding to the founder of the coin discussing a gym at eye watering prices that's going to explode during the summer and Mr BEAST's response is the coin he's selling so publicly it's signaling hey super is this undervalued coin and privately Mr Beast allegedly sold now I ran these wallets by Mr Beast as well as the accusation but I didn't get a reply instead I got a heavily lawyered statement from a spokesman who I'm going to warn you is about to complicate things quote these Investments were made and managed in consultation with industry experts to ensure full compliance with all appropriate rules and regulations the wallet is not owned or managed by Jimmy but rather a fund led by respected and sophisticated managers the fund closely evaluated and scrutinized hundreds and hundreds of opportunities which resulted in several Investments some have been more successful others less and others still works in progress the funds investment strategies apply the same rigorous standards as many other experienced investors in the field now I have a lot of questions but the big thing is Jimmy denies doing any of the trading or managing the trading and blames it on a fund so I asked some obvious follow-up questions what is the name of this fund who were the industry experts and what rules and regulations were followed that allowed you you to tweet about a coin while your fund is selling I didn't get a response it's worth mentioning the spokesman is Matthew hilk a well-known crisis Management Consultant thankfully online there still are a number of Clues we can follow to try to find the right person for this fund the reason most people link Mr Beast to this wallet we've been tracking is mostly based on a tweet by Mr Beast saying he bought a specific crypto Punk which belonged to an account which goes by wuang clan people assumed understandably that this was Mr BEAST's wallet but what is lesser known is that another account has also tweeted about Crypt punks and has the same ties back to wuang Clan a guy named Jason Williams he's followed by Mr Beast on Twitter and he's the author of a book on bitcoin so he's a crypto guy and I found Jason tweeting about another Crypt Punk saying I hope you enjoy your new home sold for 100 eth that sale he's talking about links back to the same address Mr be does wuen clan on YouTube there's even more clues Jason can be seen surfing wearing a wuang clan shirt and his brand name going parabolic happens to be owned by the same Mr Beast wallet going parabolic doeth so there's very good evidence that Jason Williams was also involved in this same wallet which means that it might be true that Mr Beast wasn't the guy buying or selling which would be good for Mr Beast and bad for these investigations but just when I thought Mr Beast might have no say in what this wallet did I saw this podcast with Logan Paul where Jimmy discusses crypto punks once again and things get complicated I also so me and Logan both bought punks you guys will probably see on his Twitter that uh he bought a bunch of crypto punks at the same time right Gary pulled us in that call so have you ever told that story no Gary V it's like 11:00 p.m. just out of nowhere just calls me and he's like yo I got like 30 people to call hop in I'm like I don't give I don't care he's like it'll the best decision of your life just get in okay and so I just joined the call and I just see like Logan and I I don't even know these other people I put them on blast every heavy hitter you can imagine who's worth a billion dollars was on this one call and Gary ve is in the little corner the little square he's he's going crypto punks it's going to be huge it's going to be the next Facebook where all of us we're like Jud I'm texting Logan I'm like this legit for all of us like yo Gary's nuts Gary was right again then I bought a bunch wait wait wait yeah I bought quite a few how many uh I I I don't want to say but no please I bought multiple ones yeah well bro are you double digits punks uh double just shy huh well this clip is very interesting because Jimmy said he made the decision to get crypto punks based on a call with Gary ve but those punks are owned by the wallet we just said was controlled by Jason so it appears sometimes Mr Beast is telling Jason what to buy for this fund Mr Beast then later talks about selling these crypto punks and rolling the money into a new project and once again it sounds like he's in charge well i' I've already sold quite a few of them so I don't what I bought a bunch of so then I'm rolled the money into V friends cuz I Gary same thing called me he's like V friends I was like I don't know but last time I made money sure sure I'll be honest these clips to me make it difficult to assume Mr Beast had no idea what's going on he talks about Crypt punks and vends like personal Investments and on Twitter he says that not only he bought Crypt punks he also tweets about loading up on VF but again I have to say it is also abundantly clear Jason Williams was involved he says hey Gary thanks for the v's gift cat it was a gift from Gary to Mr Beast I'm very thankful for it he didn't have to send anything so once again J as Williams appears to be involved and have something to do with the trading or management of Mr BEAST's crypto wallet but we know Mr Beast made some of the decisions so of course I asked Mr Beast to explain himself if he had any say over the trading but once again there's no response so now I want to turn back to Super we know from leaked DMS that Mr Beast and not Jason set up this pre-sale and we know that Mr Beast made the Tweet so now we have to guess here's what we know when we know Mr Beast set up the pre-sale according to leaked screenshots we know Mr Beast made the Tweet but we don't know whether it was Jason doing the trading of super or if he was doing the trading did Mr Beast know about it did Jason know about the Tweet these are the questions that ultimately matter and yes I reached out to Jason Williams for a comment he didn't reply I did however get a hold of elot Trades who is the founder of super and he insisted that Mr BEAST's tweet was not a part of a deal for promotion but you should know he also mentions how upset he was with how pre-sale investors sold their tokens saying most of them sold including Mr Beast so those are the facts Mr Beast gets involved in a prell for some reason tweets at this project twice one time on the day his fund is selling tokens where he seems to imply that they're undervalued in total he's alleged to have made $1 million with this deal according to the report uh so yeah that that's really bad now we're going to turn to another allegation which is about earn or aity chain there are some facts which are the same there are others that are different for example instead of Mr Beast setting up the deal directly the team at NN claims they never spoke to Mr Beast quote we were speaking to his fund manager and when I asked about these wallets selling allegedly over $4 million in tokens they say quote Mr BEAST's fund was an early investor in our pre-sale he had the same unlock schedule as everyone else were we happy with the way he sold definitely not but legally there was nothing we could have done and then just like with super they claimed they didn't ask for a promotion of the project but that Mr Beast decided to comment once himself anyways on March 9th 2021 Mr Beast responds to eity chain saying this one will be hype it's worth noting once again about 24 hours before we're saying this this fund wallet purchased over $100,000 of earn tokens in addition to the pre-sale now what is different about super is that Mr beast's name was put publicly on the aity Chain website on their investors and partners page you might be asking well which is it is he an investor or a partner and the answer is both he got into the pre-sale and the earn team also claims that he partnered with them for an nftd drop uh supposedly it was a charity drop and a normal nftd drop now the charity drop specifically did happen in association with one of Mr BEAST's projects team C's saying quote all proceeds will go towards cleaning up the seas around the world this was early November 2021 then the official team C's account posts it on November 3rd 2021 quote what an awesome crypto collaboration in support of the team then the CEO of aity chain Nick Rose confirms in telegram that the drop is supported by Mr Beast saying earn and eth tokens will be accepted for the charity auction which was slated to last 2 months now the reason I'm sharing all of this is because one month into this two-month charity auction on November 30th 2021 the rocket fund or beast fund or whatever you want to call it start selling huge amounts of this earn token allegedly they sold over $2 million while the charity itself was still going on now I know that sounds horrible it looks horrible it is horrible although I have to tell you personally I don't think this was a master plan to pump a coin with a charity auction if it was the plan it was a bad one because the nft auction was ultimately a flop but do I also think it doesn't matter because regardless of your intention selling tokens within a month of your two-month charity auction is wrong stupid and unethical yes yes I I think that as well because in case you forgot Miss Mr Beast is the charity guy whose name is on the website it isn't a fund it isn't a crypto rocket fund it's Mr Beast branding I even asked the earn team about this saying quote why did y'all list Mr Beast instead of Rocket Fund in your partners investors was that discussed they say quote we listed him Mr Beast as a partner and quote yes they accepted that so according to the earn team Mr Beast knew or should have known that his his name was on the line for this investment and partnership and yet this fund his fund whatever you want to call it sold tokens one month after starting a 2month nft auction for charity to be fair again though it's hard to oversell how bad this nft auction did I found only one nft that appears to have sold here but the bids were made in the earn token which the fund was selling and the actual sale of the nft didn't happen until after the fund sold in nov M 30th the transfer happened in December 23rd so of course I went to Mr Beast directly to answer this and see if there was some more context they could provide there was no response other than the statement we've already read from Mr Beast that he did not control the trading although again that isn't a really satisfying answer because we've established Mr Beast would sometimes direct what to buy and sell to this fund like Crypt punks personally like I said I don't think this was a pre-plan scheme but regardless of intentions if you're the charity guy you support a charity it flops while your fund makes millions of dollars in profits because it's selling the same earn token people could bid on the charity with that just is awful and you should feel awful about it um look now I want to move on from that uh to talking about our final token xcat this is a token you may remember from our investigation into Mr BEAST's business partner KSI but unlike KSI Mr Beast was not promoting it a lot on Twitter in fact the only reason we know Mr Beast was in the pre-sale is that there were several articles about it bragging about that fact once again Mr beast's name was used to promote this instead of the fund itself and internally to investors I have to say this built up a lot of excitement not just because Mr Beast is a huge name but because xcad had what's called Creator tokens so the idea a to some investors is that well if they're investing Mr Beast in KSI what if they were ever to launch greater tokens that would be massive and I bring this up because some people might ask like what do these affiliations how do they impact people buying these projects and the answer from what I've seen is they actually do impact it quite a lot because people are anticipating like further involvement and also the ideaas like they must not be investing unless they're long-term holders you can see this in the telegram chat it became so common that in the xcad community one of the admins says here we go again another Community member asking if there's any possibility of a Mr Beast KSI token and Meanwhile by the way as that's happening as the investors are hoping for these Creer tokens and that they're imminent behind the scenes something entirely different had been happening like with super and N Mr BEAST's fund sold a lot of their xcat early in 2021 rather than holding their tokens and this was surprising to even even the founder of xcat himself Oliver Bell who said they told him they were going to do the opposite he tells me quote hey so Mr Beast reached out to me during our pre-sale raise a group was set up with his team and we had a call with his team and they said they like the concept there was no strings attached to the investment they did however want a lot bigger ticket than what I offered them which I'm glad I did not fulfill we discussed not just flipping this token as this can damage projects if people have decent sized tickets it was my understanding we were aligned on this however after listing to which xcad performed well there was Heavy dumping from a wallet linked to Mr BEAST's team I got in contact with them immediately and asked them why they were selling like this now Oliver later claims this discussion about flipping tokens and them being aligned about the fact they're not going to flip these tokens so quickly was with Jason and apparently Oliver was so upset about what happened he DM Jimmy directly quote explaining his team will ruin his reputation and look sorry to be a broken record but yes I reached out to Jimmy about this too and once again there was no reply besides the statement we read earlier it's worth mentioning that I asked Oliver for proof of this message about ruining relationships and he said the message had been deleted on telegram so who you believe here is up to you Oliver also says quote I don't think Jimmy has a bad heart or is a bad person I think he has genuine interest in the crypto space but I think the team that handles his crypto is completely clueless and here on this last point I have to disagree with Oliver I don't think that Jimmy's crypto team is clueless I think they saw an opportunity to make millions of dollars with Mr BEAST's valuable brand and they took it and they did make millions of dollars and along the way they did some things that were Shady whether or not you think they were also illegal is probably going to be shaped by our unanswered questions and where you fill in those gaps for example do you think Mr Beast knew about the selling that was going on May 12th for the super token why did he make that tweet and then do you think Mr Beast knew about the charity auction and the selling that was happening on November 30th and do you think Oliver Bell dm'd Mr Beast and told him his crypto team would ruin his reputation and if so was that ignored I hate to leave so many unanswered questions here but I warned you this was a complicated story and a big part of the problem is the guy at the center of this story cannot or will not give more than a heavily lawyered statement through a spokesman who's a crisis Management Consultant and let me just say it's also frustrating that this statement takes zero accountability despite the fact Mr BEAST's team knew every major allegation that we're laying out here today there is no mention of selling while Mr Beast was tweeting about super token there's no mention of them selling tokens a month after they partnered with a 2-month charity auction and because of that this statement feels very Hollow I think to Mr Beast and probably to his fund maybe this is just business you know they set out to make a lot of money and they made a lot of money what's the problem right this is America they might think this is the biggest Mr Beast nothing Burger since Mr Beast Burger but look honestly I'd agree with them if they had done this crypto stuff without using Mr beast's name but they want to have their cake and eat it too this fund trades on Mr beast's name as we've seen they get in pre-sales based on his name uh he tweets from his public account and they are putting his name publicly on projects websites instead of a fund but when things go south suddenly oh Mr bees what no I no liability just because he's not sitting there physically pressing the buttons I don't think that's the way it works look I want to close with the final part of this Crypt Punk podcast we showed you earlier because in many ways I think it's a microcosm of this story obviously I have to say I'm not making any comments or judgments about the guy who's suing me who's also in this clip that's just coincidence I am only talking about Mr BEAST's reaction because as Mr Beast is talking about Gary Vee's great Crypt Punk call there's a moment when the co-host says hey maybe instead of Gary ve being a genius maybe it's just the call itself that makes the market and Mr Beast kind of defends it he says no that was in February you know Crypt punks didn't pop until the summer and you know I never talked about crypto punks until this very moment can I ask you guys a question when when Gary does that call with all these billionaires and 8 months or a year later everybody's like Gary was right again is it possible that he's right because of the call do you know what I'm saying like like dude he has all these billionaire market makers in the thing he makes the call makes the market by the way you look around at all the punk owners a year later and you're like damn it's all the same mother that were on the call no because bro there there's 10,000 punks and there's only like 30 of us on the call we can only own and do so much there's still an entire Market that's going to happen regardless I can tell you I don't think why because that was all back like early February like didn't pop off till later and every like nft project was popping off not just plunk I mean I mean make no mistake like having such influential people involved in projects it's not it can't hurt the ability for the project to to work you know what say 95% of those people didn't even mention it you know what I mean I've never talked about publicly yeah but that last part isn't quite true the reason we're all here is Mr Beast tweeted about Crypt punks the same day he bought them back in February of 2021 that's how we found his wallet even though we now know someone else was involved too and I would apply the same level of scrutiny to many of the Investments we've talked about was it the genius of Jason Williams Mr Beast or this fund that made them tens of millions of dollars maybe or was it the fact that the name they brought to the table was Mr Beast one of the most influential and valuable brands in the world and that's what got them the Great Deals that's what got them a bunch of eyeballs that's what made it so valuable to have his name on these websites and maybe that's what made the market ultimately I think it's for you to decide [Music] St

  Top Comments:
  1. @EngelbertSlaptyback [3 likes]: he knew.....
  2. @oscarkoop2548 [3 likes]: Getting involved with logan paul is the worst decision.Mister beast has ever made
  3. @Kaku-Kene [2 likes]: Mr fake in action again
  4. @qendrimsmelaj6063 [2 likes]: I meannn. He was in a discord call with a bunch of people and Gary v. All agreeing to buy since crypto. They all do the same scam
  5. @SwissBergkuItur [1 likes]: I know a Pump and Dump when i see one. Also Mr Beasts an asshole in my opinion.
  6. @kramster20032 [1 likes]: It sounds like money laundering.
  7. @ottawadigs: i think he's a tool so I don't consume his content
  8. @cuoivelo8360: You should invest Trump administration. They clearly did insider trading
  9. @andrewf4865: Any new crypto that's being promoted by online personalities or any celeb is going to be a pump and dump scam. This is not new. At this point if people are still being duped by this it's kinda on them. This is the current day equivalent of the E-mail sent by a rich middle eastern prince that needs your bank account information, but in exchange will make you rich.
  10. @TheYashakami: This sounds like a whole lot of nonsense.
  11. @rb1431: another BEASTALITY
  12. @senterran6403: Mr Beast in a call with Logan Paul about crypto 🖐😐🖐 good night
  13. @SirSpinjalo: All publicly traded tokens and stocks are based on the public's perception.  Everyone has a different amount of public influence.  Warren Buffett's picks in part succeed because Warren Buffett's picks are influential.  This is not a bug, it's how confidence based markets work. I don't understand why we expect influential people to act unaware and not act in their self interest. The problem is that you're buying an "asset" with no inherent value.  You will not get rich off of it unless someone is getting poor off of it.
  14. @marcusbardstown505: I've literally, and I do mean literally, never watched a single one of Mr. Beast's videos.  I have watched plenty of LA Beast, but that's a true YouTube OG who deserves high praise.
  15. @ThomasHellinger-rp1qd: Isn't making money off crypto is itself evidence of fraud? What exactly is a "non-shady" crypto deal?
  16. @BlakeMills-cd1dj: Is this not blatant market manipulation? He used his social media platform to spike the value of assets he owned a large amount of, only to dump them and crash the price. It's illegal to influence the market to make a profit. Insider trading seems dubious, it's hard to say whether he had insider knowledge that would have influenced when he sold, but it's on record that he promoted these projects as a good/exciting investment after having already bought in. Whether he was personally managing the wallets does complicate it a little, but not really. Either way, he knew he had stake in these projects, and he knew his influence would, well, influence investors. It's very convenient how he's either this savvy numbers guy who tracks every detail and knows exactly how to game the system or this innocent hometown philanthropist who just wants to help people. He picks up and puts down these masks based on what benefits him the most in that exact moment. He knew what he was doing. It's possible he lacks the introspection to care about anything beyond success, but that doesn't make him innocent, it makes him selfish and reckless. It's downright antisocial behavior, likely illegal as well. Jacksepticeye was right.
  17. @invisiblepinkunicorn7626: I don’t love or hate Mr. Beast, don’t know a lot about him…

So, I will enjoy listening with an open mind 😂
  18. @nvmn-m7h: jimmy only made 23 mil by scaming people? what a shmuck, shame shame shame. Beteer just keep selling Tshirts in a form of lottery.
  19. @JovanniPerez-b5j: Coffee is such a great investigator. He would be an excellent homicide detective
  20. @ROBLOXTHANOS: I unsubscribed.

- MrBeast is What Fred Rogers Warned Us About: Kind: captions Language: en Take a look at this. >> One month ago, PenB, a father of an 11-year-old, left this comment. "Mr. Beast is a great role model who's always helping the community. Yes, there might be some weird things, but generally, a very [music] good show for kids." Sorry, Pen, but I think I have to disagree with you. He is the most followed person in the world. >> Mr. Beast is the biggest content creator in the world. You [music] have 466 million subscribers. Everyone calls him a genius, but even Pen agrees there are some weird things about [music] him. >> $150,000 >> $500,000 >> Why not million? $5 million of real money. >> We watched all his videos, went through every interview, and really tried to get to the bottom of the secret behind his success. >> You grab 33 random people anywhere on the planet, and on average, one of them has seen our newest video. >> And when we found this document that was leaked a few years ago, everything fell in place. This document explains with scientific precision what Mr. Beast is doing to our kids. And after all this research, I can say with confidence that Mr. Beast content is not good for kids. On the contrary, I think it's really, really bad. Let me tell you a story. 19-year-old Jimmy Donaldson sits in his bedroom with a camera pointed at his face. He's about to do something completely insane. I'm about to count to 100,000. 1 2 3 4 5 791 792 793 36,570 36,500 He doesn't sleep, he barely eats, he's just counting. After 40 hours, he looks like he's about to pass out. 100,000 The video gets millions of views. People can't believe someone actually did this. Jimmy had been making YouTube videos since he was 13 years old. For 6 years, nothing really worked out. Then he figured something out. It seems like people get completely mesmerized if someone is fully committed to something completely absurd. What's up guys? I'm going to be watching it's everyday bro for 10 hours straight. Watching the same music video clip for 10 hours straight. Enjoy watching me watch paint dry. Literally watching paint dry or saying Logan Paul's name 100,000 times. Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan Logan Paul Logan Paul Logan No way he just sit there for 17 hours and says my name. Jimmy was the bro. That's 8 hours in bro. If that's like only 8 hours in I would have 15 hours in let's see what it sounds like. Not only was Logan Paul impressed, but everyone. Because back then, nobody was really doing these kinds of extreme stunts. Like cutting a table in half with only plastic knives. He kept committing to other absurd things and the channel started growing really fast. When Jimmy got his first brand deal worth $10,000, he immediately gave it away to homeless person. It's about $10,000. I'm not joking. The video performed really well. So Jimmy reinvested the money earned into new videos. He started giving money away to everyone. So I had this idea. If I take this branded money and I give it away in a video, that video will do well and then I take the money from that video and I give away in the next video and that video will do well. I was just like freaking out. I was like I think I just cracked the code. He even gave his mother $100,000 to repair her house. By 2020, he was one of the biggest creators on the platform. The level of absurdity and creativity was truly top-notch. And it's impossible not to admire and respect that. But somewhere along the way, Jimmy Donaldson stopped being a kid making videos. He became Mr. Beast. And Mr. Beast is a fully functioning YouTube factory. This is the famous Mr. Beast memo. A document Jimmy created so that everybody on his team would know exactly how to make his videos. But here's the thing, this was only intended for private use. It was never meant to leave the building. But in 2024, it got leaked. So then, the entire internet got to read it. And being a creator myself, of course I read it. And it's an interesting read because the first thing that struck me was that this isn't a manifesto about creativity or storytelling. What this memo is all about is how to, by all means, capture attention. The first 10 seconds are everything. If you lose them here, they're gone. And by now, all of us know this, right? The first 10 seconds has to be so captivating that people won't just simply click away. I put 100 people inside of a giant circle. And whoever leaves the circle last wins $500,000. Thumbnails should be tested at least 20 times before publishing. No wonder I don't have the results Mr. Beast does. He describes testing over 50 different thumbnails, testing which face expressions, which [music] colors, which texts, uh whatever it takes to make people click. Energy can never dip, not even briefly. Every second must justify itself or it gets cut. No pauses, no breathing room. It's this game of constant escalation of the video. Remove all that air. Silence is failure. Oh my god. Oh, THERE GOES THE BALL. BYE-BYE. THE memo also has an obsession with what it calls A-players. People who treat every video like it's life or death, who goes to sleep dreaming about retention graphs, click-through rates. Those are the people that Mr. Beast wants on his team. [music] And if you're not an A-player, you can f off. Management is instructed to identify bottlenecks, stuff that slows the production down, and of course get rid of them. Because in this system, speed is everything. And although a lot of this feels [music] almost perverse to me, it's inspiring. Because this is the way Mr. Beast has been able to grow his channel to more than 450 million subscribers. [music] It's like 1/20 of the entire world's population. It's insane numbers. And it's probably not a stretch to guess that every fifth young person out there is subscribed to Mr. [music] Beast. And it's hard to disagree that in this new media landscape, Mr. Beast is a genius. But not everyone sees it that way. I'm a former Mr. Beast employee, and today I am alleging that the company rigged videos and did illegal lotteries and sold fake signatures. I I would consider that fraud, okay? Thank you, and enjoy the video. In 2024, a former employee known as Dogpack404 released a series of videos making serious allegations about Mr. Beast's operation. Not only were the results of this video completely scripted, but the contestants are not random subscribers. Oh, that contestant had to get out for her job? I guess you forgot she's your hiring manager. That what the viewers saw on screen was complete fiction. And the worst part, that the content itself is designed to manipulate young viewers through gambling psychology. He's just become the first casino where the currency you pay with is attention. Do you think attention is the most valuable currency in the world? Well, of course. Attention isn't the only thing that is valuable. So is your data. By watching certain videos, browsing online, and using public Wi-Fi, you leave your data all around the internet. And there are criminals who are secretly collecting it. They're called data brokers. They scrape the internet for your information and then sell [music] it to scammers and fraudsters. This way those scammers can get access to your social media accounts, your email inbox, or even your bank accounts. And that's why I use Incogni. It's a service that monitors your data for you and makes sure it doesn't land in the data brokers hands. And if it does, they contact them on your behalf and legally forces them to delete your information. You can also send them a direct link to [music] specific website exposing your personal information and their privacy experts will make sure it's removed. And I know it's easy to disregard this as alarmist, but trust me, this is a very real problem and it's happening to ordinary people just like you and me every single day. In the US alone, 22% of people report being victims of identity theft at least once in their life. That's one in five people. Similar statistics exist across European countries as well. So, if you want to take a small step in the right direction of being more safe online, protect your accounts, protect your money, sign up for Incogni. And if you do that through my link, incogni.com/azapark, you'll get 60% off an annual Incogni plan. And also, as an extra bonus, you'll help support the channel. Now, let's get back to the video. He's just become the first casino where the currency you pay with is attention. Do you think attention is the most valuable currency in the world? Well, of course. The problem is that if you watch, if you engage, if you stay loyal, you might win the house. You might [music] get the million dollars. One random person that buys in what time frame? 10 minutes. We're going to just put this in someone's order that buys something. And we're going to have 24 people, we're going to put them in 24 different circles, million dollars on the line, have some fun. You know what I'm saying? It creates the illusion that being a fan is like holding a lottery ticket. Last one of you to take your hand off this million dollar stack of cash keeps [music] it. >> Very few people have dared to publicly criticize Mr. Beast because he's a billionaire who holds an enormous amount of power. Are you going to sue Dog Pack? I mean, what do you do if someone's just causing harm to your business and like getting it to the point where you might have to potentially fire people cuz it's costing you so much revenue. It's like it's not fair to the people in my companies, you know what I mean? It's just sad. So, the story quickly faded and Dog Pack disappeared from YouTube altogether. >> [music] >> And I guess that's usually what happens if you go up against a machine this size. What I find interesting is that to most people, Jimmy Donaldson is simply a creator who cracked the code, the YouTube code, better than anybody else. But the code he cracked has nothing to do with telling good stories. It has everything to do with one thing. Retention. So, why is he so obsessed with it? Why does retention dictate every cut, every thumbnail? The answer to that question really doesn't have anything to do about Mr. Beast at all. It has everything to do about the system he was born into. Television in the 1960s and 70s ran on a completely different model. Think of it like a city park, controlled, fenced, with only a handful of entrances and clear paths you could walk. Not everyone could set up a stage. Not everyone could grab a microphone and start performing. Today we're talking about food and fuel. Dinner will be served as soon as the sun comes up. If you wanted in, someone had to approve you first. Those gatekeepers were the network executives. I had [music] big money decisions to make at NBC. Should I cancel this show? Should I move this other show? You've got to try and link the audience emotionally in some other kind of way. They've got to say, "What's happening now? Why Why are the words that this character saying, why do they contradict in some way?" They made programming decisions based on a few factors: ratings, [music] taste, values, and their own judgement about what television should be. The old TV system had only a few channels and limited time slots. So, a show could survive even if it wasn't the highest rated program. If an executive believed it was worth keeping on, it stayed on air. The The had rules, but you also had humans making choices. If television was a city park, well, then YouTube is a wild jungle. No fence, wild, dangerous animals, only the strongest survive. YouTube doesn't have gatekeepers, just an endless jungle where everyone can show up and start screaming into the void. >> [screaming] >> If you've ever felt like your screams were stuck below talking volume, I've helped thousands of students on their screaming journey. >> 500 hours of video are uploaded every minute. Infinite content fighting for the same pair of eyes. In that jungle is only one law. Did you stay or did you leave? The data is surgical. YouTube started rewarding the content that had the highest click-through rates and the highest watch time and like some kind of combination of that. >> YouTube knows exactly which thumbnails made you click, which title you ignored, which second [music] you stopped watching, which part you skipped. If you have the budget, you can test 100 different thumbnails for a single video. And [music] he tested does Mr. Beast with an open mouth versus a closed mouth expression work better in his thumbnails and he found that in fact a closed mouth expression worked You can publish a video and watch exactly where the viewers drop off. Then you can go back into the edit, cut that moment out, and test it again. That's a lot of testing, so we usually edit a video like, >> you know, five or seven times. You're not making creative decisions anymore. You're running experiments, [music] traveling, optimizing, until what's left is statistically impossible to stop watching. And also a lot is faked or staged. What? It's an actor, an actress I should say. Oh my god, they're not in the video. >> And here's the funny thing, not a single comment that I noticed anyway on a video that has 3.5 million views. I didn't see a single comment saying, "Where was this person?" Because if you deliver something someone that's just really interesting, they click it and they get a great video, they're not going to feel cheated. [music] >> This isn't filmmaking, it's manufacturing. And nobody ever has pushed this further than Jimmy Donaldson. Which is exactly what the memo is about. If we can get them to watch the first half of the video, there's a very high chance they'll watch till the end. Usually the 6-minute mark, we will include another re-engagement that is highly interesting. Mr. Beast didn't create these rules. He just learned to speak the algorithm's language fluently. Virality is not accidental. But sometimes it can be, of course, but >> It's It's just not >> It can be engineered. >> And in doing so, he became the most successful creator on the planet, the king of the jungle. But here's the question. If one in 10 young people around the world is watching Mr. Beast, his videos have a huge impact on our next generation. And for children whose brains are still developing, do videos optimized purely for attention actually give them anything? That's the real question. And I desperately want to know the answer. But to do that, we have to look at what came before Mr. Beast. Before the jungle, we need to go back and figure out who was the king of the city park when television programs were carefully curated and controlled. It turns out that that was a man who never tested a thumbnail or checked a retention graph. He didn't care. He cared only about one thing, what his audience was left with after watching him. And 50 years later, people still remember him as the most beloved figure in television history. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood, a beautiful [music] day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? We encourage children to make up their own play so that the important time is after the television's turned off. That's when the program has real importance. How well did it prepare [music] them to play? Fred Rogers wasn't just a television host. I'll tell [music] you what children need. They need adults who will protect them from the ever-ready molders of their world. He believed that his mission was to help kids grow up, to understand their emotions, >> to understand themselves, and be kinder human beings. You see, I felt that the adults around me were pressuring me to be what I couldn't be yet. [music] Act like a grown-up, I'd hear them say. From 1968 to 2001, he made 895 episodes of the same slow, gentle show. Back then, there were also other programs chasing ratings and creating spectacle for kids. But Mr. Rogers pursued something else entirely. >> I would hope that anybody who sets himself or herself out to [music] produce mass programming for children could have the kind of respect of childhood that I had, because it's not all clowns and balloons. We had a director that once said to me, "If you take all of elements that make good television >> and do the exact opposite, you have Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood." >> He gave children what they needed, not simply what they would watch. Network executives told him to add more action. They told him kids would never sit still for a man talking calmly into a camera about feelings. But Mr. Rogers didn't care. And I've worked in the field of child development for 6 years now, trying to understand the inner needs of children. It's 1969 and the Nixon administration wants to cut funding for PBS. If that happens, Mr. Rogers' show dies along with everything else on public television. So, on May 1st of that year, Fred Rogers sat before the Senate. Senator John Pastore is running the hearing. Pastore has a reputation for being tough and impatient. Everyone knows that he's already made up his mind. This is a waste of time, and the host of a children's television show will not convince him otherwise. >> Could I tell you the words of one of the songs which I feel is very important? >> Yes. What do you do with the mad that you feel When you feel so mad you could bite. When the whole wide world seems oh so wrong and nothing you do seems very right. I can stop when I want to, can stop when I wish, can stop stop stop anytime. And what a good feeling to feel like this and know that the feeling is really mine. Know that there's something deep inside that helps us become what we can. For a girl can be someday a lady and a boy can be someday a man. >> I think it's wonderful. I think it's wonderful. >> [clears throat] >> Looks like you just earned the 20 million dollars. It became one of the most iconic moments in television history. A man who believed in the power of genuine human connection walked into government hearing and changed minds with a children's song. He wasn't fighting for a show. He was fighting for a philosophy. Fred Rogers understood something the entire industry has since forgotten. Children deserve to be respected and for 33 years it worked. Not because it was optimized, but because it was honest. It was true. It was real. Mr. Rogers tackled topics no other children's show would go near. The Kennedy assassination. What does assassination mean? >> Deadly shootings. There are people in the world who are so sick or so angry that they sometimes hurt other people. 9/11. Thank you for whatever you do, wherever you are to bring joy and [music] light to your neighbor and to yourself. And he did all of this because he cared. He cared about the future of these children. He didn't want to distract them and lie to them. And it dawned on me that in in a harsh way you could say that Mr. Beast is almost the opposite of everything Mr. Rogers stood for. I am sitting on $5 million in cash and COMPETING FOR IT. OPEN THE GATE! MR. Beast and Mr. Rogers represent two completely different philosophies. This hits close to heart because I recently became a dad myself. And I know who I would want my daughter to grow up with. Mr. Rogers, right? And I think most people would. And not because Mr. Beast is evil, but because I don't think it's good for her. It's a distraction. But then again, would Mr. Rogers even survive in today's media landscape? On the right, you have a typical opening of a Mr. Beast video. On the left, Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood. From a child's perspective, the contrast is shocking. One grabs you by the throat, the other invites you to sit down. So, is it even possible for someone like Fred Rogers to find success in this current system? For one, the first 60 seconds would be flagged as low retention. A man walking and changing his shoes? Boring. The episode where he talks about death or divorce? Too slow, too serious. And the puppets look low-budget and amateur. By every measure that dominates children's content today, Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood would be a disaster. And that's the biggest tragedy of this story. Mr. Beast didn't just conquer the jungle, he became its blueprint. >> Yeah, like we have it down to a science. Now I know what to do. And it's easy to replicate it. Figuring it out took forever. Every creator watched what he built [music] and draw the same conclusion. Thousands of channels now follow the exact same formula, optimizing for the same metrics, chasing the same retention curves. The jungle didn't produce one Mr. Beast, it produced an entire ecosystem built in his image. Because once this model proved it could hold attention better than anything else, it became the standard. In this video, 200 players 200 Minecraft players survive 100 days on day one. And it's impacting the world on a very real level. Could you explain what have you found? You started this when did you start studying attention and and our attention span? Gloria Mark, a professor at UC Irvine, wanted to objectively measure how long people focus on any screen before switching to something else. I started studying it um It was actually back in 2003. We started tracking attention uh in people's real-world work environments. Now, back in 2003, we would basically follow people with stopwatches. The average used to be 2 and 1/2 minutes. By 2012, that had dropped to 75 seconds. She continued measuring over the years and today, the median is only 40 seconds. Others have replicated this as well. So, there's a researcher at I think it's University of Zurich who found uh the [music] same measure. But the scariest part is the feedback loop. Content gets faster to halt shrinking attention spans. Attention spans in turn shrink because they're being trained by faster content. Fred Rogers asked me a child to sit still for 60 seconds while he changed his shoes. In 2026, that's not just old-fashioned, it's literally impossible. Not because it's necessarily bad, but because 40 seconds is all you get. I think that children probably watch a lot of television that isn't good for them. Mr. Rogers built his show on the belief that children deserve respect. That slowness had purpose. But those quiet spaces, those moments where meaning lived, they're invisible to the data. The algorithm can only see whether you stayed or whether you left. It cannot measure whether you grew or you learned something about yourself. I I two massive cubes so these 100 kids can compete against these 100 adults. Whichever cube has the most people inside of it after 100 hours splits half a million dollars. So is Mr. Beast destroying the next generation? I really don't think he is the villain of this story. He didn't invent the game. He just learned how to win better than anyone else. The real problem is the game itself. Algorithms don't have values. They just measure what we choose to watch. They amplify what we reward. There's a reason why many tech executives don't let their own children use the products they build because they understand at a deep level how the system works. So the question isn't really whether Mr. Beast is good or bad. It's whether the most powerful creator on Earth has responsibility for [music] what comes next. After all, the king of the jungle has influence. Mr. Rogers survived for 33 years because millions of people chose to sit with him. And there's nothing stopping us from doing that again. Because, and this is important, attention is the most powerful currency in the world. But it's we, you and I, we decide how and where we spend it. Wow. Some television programs are loud and scary with people shooting and hitting other people. You know you can do something about that. When you see scary television, you can [music] turn it off. I feel like this might have been one of the most important stories we've covered. And and here's where where this whole thing becomes ironic because now I'm going to ask you to to help us push this channel through the algorithm. But there's a reason for that. I feel like what we are doing is to push back. But we have to play by the rules that are currently set. So if you want to help us raise awareness about this topic, please subscribe. And also watch some of our other videos and share them with friends and and spread the word. That's the best thing you can do to support us. And check out the Incogni through the link in the description, incogni.com/asapSCIENCE, and as always, be curious.

  Top Comments:
  1. @asaparked [452 likes]: Hi guys, remember to use the code asapark to get an exclusive 60% off an annual Incogni plan here: https://incogni.com/asapark. 
WATCHNEXT: https://youtu.be/vxF5JAjaWzQ!
  2. @behonestbutgentleCol3 [1 likes]: Fact 
Never rely on the attention and praises of people because they can love you today and hate you tomorrow.
  3. @Cathy-s7o [1 likes]: Satan has grabbed this man..sad..one day..Father God willcall him to be humbled.
  4. @Cathy-s7o [1 likes]: I AM GRAMMA CATE. I NEVER SAW ANY POP UP'S ON YOUTUBE TO WATCH HIS MUG..I HAVE HEARD OF THIS DUDE BUT, NEVER HAVE I WATCHED HIM..GO FIGURE, THAT M A YBE GOD KEEP ANY VIEWING OF VIDEOES SHOWING UP OF THIS MAN AND HIS VIDEOES..MAN  😱 😨 SCARES ME.😮
  5. @nomadchopper: Idk who he is really
  6. @quixotica726: I grew up in a very chaotic environment and Fred Rogers was my peace. He was my respite. I fear for children growing up today. I don't have any children so maybe I just don't know but where is their Fred Rogers? Do they have someone who is even anywhere close to who Fred was for me and countless others? Man, I sure hope so. 🙏🏼
  7. @TateSeidl: Continue content with non fallacies based upon views and values it’ll always get you rich
  8. @sharpland: Thank you
  9. @neoczy3249: The best way to piss off mrbeast is to not talk about him
Remember bad attention still is Attention 
So just stop making video about him
  10. @AmandaLeighGarrison: This is stupid
  11. @rocksnherbs3026: Of course he's experimenting, he comes from a military family. This is all literally one big experiment on all of us.
  12. @MaremmanoAbruzzese25: Jimmy is big into pdf file stuff, ppl have no clue.
  13. @Cathy-s7o: Watching what you show that man is doing  and it is not good for his Soul, he is not serving Father God.
I DO MISTERING WORK to  TELL FOLKS ABOUT JESUS..ONE DAY GOD WILL CRUSH AND CRASH THIS MAN..TO HUMBLE him.. God did it to me, broke me, then sent me to go tell folks to accept Jesus. BE CAREFUL NOT GET TOO DEEP IN THIS MAN'S WORLD. HE HAS BEEN GRABBED BY SATAN..GRAMMA CATE.
  14. @Keith-m1n8j: We went off the rails when we decided to let the government raise children. Most parents including my own just phone it in...  The damaged generation just continues the evolution and the bar gets set lower every  generational cycle.  The mindset that thinks that our current education system is working when in fact it is the worst, possibly ever created. Is not just delusional it is a whole new category of "functional" mental illness. . This social experiment has failed horribly and they keep doubling down on it.. totally by design. The well-being of children totally dismissed..
  15. @clownsleftjokersright: the beast gave me the creeps the first time my daughter showed me he existed
  16. @DechenDeedee-y2u: These what I’m not one of jimmys subscribers
  17. @erickdumi: I really miss Mr. Wizards World! Now that was content! lol
  18. @JefferyFrisone: Look at how many people watch his videos. Compared to his subscriber base, the number of watches is miniscule. He has become click bait. 2.4 millions watches after 8 years? Wow, worse the Ben Shapiro's rate.
  19. @amberschwartz6316: Mister Rogers' message is powerful. I am also a parent. I hope we can give our attention and money to the things that deserve them (and I'm writing this comment as part of that effort).
  20. @MYRONTHEWISE: This Is deep.  Wow signs of the times

- How MrBeast Changed YouTube: The Strategy Behind His Success: Kind: captions Language: en-US When you hear the name MrBeast, you probably&nbsp; think of massive giveaways and wild challenges.&nbsp;&nbsp; But there’s much more behind the viral&nbsp; clips. Few people realize how deeply&nbsp;&nbsp; he transformed YouTube – not just as a platform&nbsp; for entertainment, but as a new kind of digital&nbsp;&nbsp; industry. Today, we’re diving into how MrBeast&nbsp; reshaped online content forever. It all started&nbsp;&nbsp; in a small bedroom, with a basic computer and&nbsp; one obsession: figuring out how YouTube works.&nbsp;&nbsp; His first videos were simple – estimating other&nbsp; YouTubers’ earnings, gaming clips, even saying&nbsp;&nbsp; a word for hours. But behind those basic uploads,&nbsp; Jimmy had a plan. He studied titles, click rates,&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnails. He tracked everything. To him, YouTube&nbsp; wasn’t just a platform – it was a puzzle to be&nbsp;&nbsp; solved. MrBeast didn’t stay small for long. Once&nbsp; he cracked the attention formula, he began to&nbsp;&nbsp; innovate. He created the ‘extreme challenge’&nbsp; genre – from staying inside circles to handing&nbsp;&nbsp; out hundreds of thousands of dollars. He brought&nbsp; TV-style production to YouTube but optimized it&nbsp;&nbsp; for short online attention spans. He reinvested&nbsp; every dollar back into his content. Each video&nbsp;&nbsp; became bigger, crazier, and more cinematic than&nbsp; the last. But his reach didn’t stop in America.&nbsp;&nbsp; MrBeast expanded globally, launching dubbed&nbsp; channels in Spanish, French, Portuguese, Russian,&nbsp;&nbsp; and more. This helped him build a worldwide&nbsp; audience. His style influenced thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; creators, and YouTube itself began promoting&nbsp; more fast-paced, spectacle-based content. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; many say he’s the guy who ‘hacked’ the&nbsp; YouTube algorithm. MrBeast isn’t just a&nbsp;&nbsp; content creator – he’s an architect of&nbsp; a new era. He showed that generosity,&nbsp;&nbsp; storytelling, and strategy can work&nbsp; together to redefine online video.&nbsp;&nbsp; He inspired creators to dream bigger, invest&nbsp; more, and treat YouTube not just as a hobby,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as a serious industry. The only question&nbsp; left is… can anyone surpass what he’s built?

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brop-w1v: MrBeast

- The REAL MrBeast Strategy Nobody Talks About ($0 to $700M in 10 Years): Kind: captions Language: en You ever wonder how a 19-year-old kid from North Carolina with zero connections and no money figured out the YouTube algorithm better than anyone on Earth and turned it into a $700 million empire. Here's how it actually happened. January of 2017, Greenville, North Carolina. Jimmy Donaldson is 19 years old, sitting in his childhood bedroom. And from what I've pieced together from multiple interviews he's given over the years, he's starring at a spreadsheet that would make most people's eyes glaze over. We're talking 40,000 rows of data. Video titles, thumbnails, view counts, retention rates, click-through percentages. He's been doing this for years at this point, every single day, documenting every single video from the top 100 YouTubers. His mom is downstairs telling him to get a real job to go to college to do something normal. He dropped out of college after 2 weeks because he told her, and this is documented in his interview with Colin and Samir, that college was a waste of time compared to what he was learning about YouTube. He's making like $200 a month from his channel at this point, maybe 300 on a good month. His friends have all stopped talking to him because all he does is obsess over YouTube analytics. And here's the crazy part. He's about to film a video that will change everything. A video that makes absolutely no sense to anyone except him. A video where he counts to 100,000 out loud for 40 hours straight. What happens next will crack the YouTube algorithm wide open and create an entirely new category of content that generates billions of views. I'm Alex Morgan. This is Behind the Billion. And today we're breaking down how Mr. Beast, Jimmy Donaldson, went from a broke teenager in North Carolina to building what's estimated to be a $700 million empire potentially worth over a billion dollars in less than 10 years. And look, I spent the last two weeks absolutely obsessed with this story. I'm talking reading every interview, watching his early videos, going through podcast appearances, analyzing his content strategy, talking to people who have worked with him, diving into the business model. And here's what blew my mind. This wasn't luck. This wasn't going viral by accident. This was the most deliberate, calculated, obsessive approach to cracking a platform that I've ever seen. And the strategy he used, it's so extreme, so all-consuming that most people literally can't do it even if they wanted to. So, let me take you back to the beginning because understanding where Jimmy came from is critical to understanding why he approaches content the way he does. Jimmy Donaldson was born in May of 1998 in Witchaw, Kansas, but he grows up in Greenville, North Carolina. Now, from what he shared in interviews, his childhood is pretty normal. Middle-class family. His mom is a single parent for most of his upbringing. He's got a brother. Nothing particularly special or unique about his circumstances. But here's where it gets interesting. When he's around 11 or 12 years old, he discovers YouTube. And I don't mean he watches videos casually. I mean he becomes completely obsessed with the idea of making videos. He starts his channel in 2012 when he's 13 years old under the name Mr. B6000. And honestly, his early content is exactly what you'd expect from a 13-year-old. He's doing Minecraft videos, Call of Duty gameplay, video game commentary. The production quality is terrible. He's got maybe a few hundred subscribers. Some videos get like 50 views. This is not impressive content. But here's what separates Jimmy from every other kid making YouTube videos in their bedroom. He doesn't quit. Most people try YouTube for 6 months, maybe a year, don't see results, and they move on. Jimmy keeps going year after year after year. Now, I want to pause here because this is important. From 2012 2016, so we're talking four full years, Jimmy is grinding on YouTube and getting basically nowhere. He's uploading consistently. He's trying different formats. He's studying what works. and he's getting nothing in return. I mean, we're talking videos that get 200 views, 500 views if he's lucky. His channel is growing, but it's growing painfully slowly. By 2016, after 4 years of work, he's got like 30,000 subscribers. That's not nothing, but it's also not enough to make any real money. He's making maybe a couple hundred bucks a month from ads. But here's what's happening behind the scenes that nobody sees. Jimmy is becoming a student of YouTube in a way that borders on obsessivempulsive, and I don't use that term lightly. In his interview with Joe Rogan, and I went back and listened to this part three times to make sure I got it right. Jimmy talks about how he would spend 10 to 12 hours a day, every single day, just studying YouTube videos, not making videos, studying them. He would watch the top creators. He would analyze their thumbnails, their titles, their packing, their retention graphs. He would document everything in spreadsheets. And get this, he would wake up in the middle of the night to watch videos the second they were uploaded so he could see how they performed in real time. I mean, think about how insane that is. This is a 16, 17-year-old kid who is so obsessed with understanding YouTube that he's setting alarms to wake up at 3:00 in the morning to watch PewDiePie upload a video so he can track his performance. That's not normal behavior. That's obsession. Now, here's where the story starts to get really interesting. In 2016, Jimmy starts making a different type of content. He starts doing YouTube commentary videos. Basically, videos where he talks about other YouTubers drama, how to grow on YouTube, and these start to do better. He's getting 50,000 views, 100,000 views on some videos. His channel is growing faster, but more importantly, he's starting to build relationships with other creators. He becomes friends with other YouTubers who are also obsessed with growth. And from what I've read in various interviews, they would get on Skype calls. This is before Discord was really big, and they would just talk about YouTube for hours, what's working, what's not working, what thumbnails are getting clicked, what retention rates are good. Jimmy later said, and I'm paraphrasing here from his interview on the Colin and Samur show, that he basically had no friends in real life during this period because all he did was talk about YouTube, and nobody else cared about YouTube as much as he did. His mom is worried about him at this point. From what Jimmy shared publicly, she's telling him he needs to get a job, he needs to go to college, he needs to have a backup plan. And Jimmy enrolls in college for exactly 2 weeks before dropping out. two weeks because he told his mom, and this is documented in multiple interviews, that every hour he spent in college was an hour he was spending learning about YouTube. And learning about YouTube was more valuable than any degree. Now, imagine being his mom in this situation. Your 19-year-old son drops out of college after 2 weeks to pursue YouTube full-time, and he's making like $200 a month. That's terrifying. But Jimmy is so convinced, so absolutely certain that he's going to figure this out that he refuses to give up. And then comes January of 2017. This is the moment everything changes. Jimmy has been noticing something in his data. He's been tracking thousands of videos and he's noticed that videos that are extreme in some way tend to perform better. Not just good, but extreme. Longest, biggest, most, fastest. There's something about extremity that the algorithm seems to love. And more importantly, something about extremity that human psychology responds to. So he decides to test a hypothesis. He's going to film himself counting to 100,000 out loud in one video. Now, when he first mentions this idea, and this comes from interviews he's done later, people think he's insane. His friends are like, "Nobody's going to watch that. That's the dumbest idea ever." But Jimmy has studied the data, and he thinks it might work. So, in January of 2017, he sits down and films himself counting to 100,000. And this is important. He actually does it. This isn't edited. This isn't sped up. He counts out loud for 40 hours straight. 40 hours. He's taking breaks to sleep for a few hours here and there, but basically for like 2 days, he's just sitting there counting 1 2 3 4 5 all the way to 100,000. He uploads it in January of 2017 and the video just explodes. I'm talking millions of views in the first few days. It hits the trending page. It gets picked up by news outlets. People are sharing it everywhere. And Jimmy goes from being a small YouTuber with 30,000 subscribers to having hundreds of thousands of subscribers basically overnight. But here's what's brilliant about this moment, and this is what separates Jimmy from everyone else who's ever had a viral video. Most people have one viral video and then don't know what to do next. They try to recreate it, they fail, they fade away. Jimmy saw this as proof of concept. He had validated his hypothesis that extreme content works, so he immediately started planning the next extreme video. February of 2017, he counts to 200,000. Then he reads the entire dictionary. Then he watches Jake Paul's It's Everyday Bro music video on repeat for 10 hours straight. Then he yubers across America. Each video is more extreme than the last and each video is getting millions of views. And here's where Jimmy's understanding of YouTube becomes really clear. He's not just making extreme content for the sake of being extreme. He's reverse engineering what makes people click and what makes people watch all the way through. Because here's the thing about YouTube that most people don't understand. The algorithm doesn't care about quality. It cares about two metrics above everything else. click-through rate and average view duration. If people click on your video and then watch most or all of it, YouTube will promote your video to more people. It's that simple. So, Jimmy starts optimizing everything for those two metrics. His thumbnails become incredibly eye-catching. Bright colors, shocked expressions, clear text that tells you exactly what the video is. His titles become extremely clear and compelling. No mystery, no clickbait in the traditional sense, just clear extreme promises. and his videos are paced so that you can't stop watching. Now, I want to talk about the packing thing because this is where Jimmy's obsession with data really shows up. If you go watch a Mr. Beast video, and I mean really watch it, pay attention to how it's edited. Something significant happens every few seconds. There's a cut, there's a zoom, there's a sound effect, there's a joke, there's a prize, there's a challenge. Your brain never has a moment to get bored and click away. Jimmy has talked about this in interviews, how he studies retention graphs for every video, sees exactly where people drop off, and then edits future videos to fix those moments. And this is where it gets kind of insane. Jimmy has said in multiple interviews that he will re-edit a video five, six, seven times before publishing it. He'll film a video, edit it, watch the whole thing, take notes on where he got bored, re-edit it, watch it again, re-edit it again. He's obsessed with making videos that are impossible to stop watching. By mid 2017, Jimmy's channel is growing explosively. He goes from 30,000 subscribers in January to over 1 million by summer. His videos are consistently getting millions of views. And this is where most people would just keep doing what's working. But Jimmy sees a problem on the horizon. The extreme challenge videos are working, but they're hard to scale and they're expensive. Reading the dictionary takes forever. counting to 100,000 takes forever. Yubbering across America costs money. He can't just keep doing bigger and bigger versions of the same thing forever. He needs a new format, something that's extreme, but also scalable and interesting. And this is where the money giveaway concept comes in. Now, from what I've pieced together from various interviews and timelines, the first real money giveaway video happens in late 2017. Jimmy gives $10,000 to a homeless person, and the video goes absolutely viral, even bigger than the counting videos. And Jimmy realizes something crucial. Giving away money is the ultimate extreme content. It's shocking. It's visual. It creates emotional reactions. And it scales infinitely. The more money you give away, the more extreme the content. But here's the problem. Jimmy doesn't have money to give away at this point. He's making decent money from YouTube ads. Maybe 10, $20,000 a month. But that's his income. That's how he pays his bills. So giving away $10,000 is a huge risk. But Jimmy, and this is where his understanding of the business model becomes really clear, realizes that if he gives away $10,000 and the video gets 10 million views, he'll make more than $10,000 back in ad revenue. The giveaway pays for itself. It's not charity, it's marketing spend that happens to look like charity. So, he starts doing more giveaway videos. He gives away $40,000. He gives a car to his mom. He tips pizza delivery drivers $10,000. And every single video explodes. His channel goes from 1 million subscribers to 5 million, then 10 million. By the end of 2018, he's one of the fastest growing channels on YouTube. But here's where the story gets really interesting from a business perspective. Jimmy realizes that ad revenue alone isn't going to be enough to fund the kind of content he wants to make. If he wants to give away a million dollars, he needs to make more than a million dollars from the video. And even with tens of millions of views, the ad revenue math doesn't quite work. He needs other revenue streams. So, in late 2018, early 2019, he starts taking brand deals, but not traditional influencer brand deals where you just mention a product for 30 seconds. Jimmy integrates brands into the actual content in a way that makes the brand deal part of the entertainment. He'll do a video where he buys everything in a store and it's sponsored by Honey, or he'll do a challenge video that's sponsored by Quidd and the sponsorship feels native to the content. And because his videos get so many views and his audience is so engaged, he can charge premium rates for these integrations. From what's been reported in various business publications, Mr. Beast can charge brands between $250,000 and $1 million or more for a single video integration, depending on the campaign. That's insane money for a YouTube sponsorship. But the real genius move comes in 2020 when Jimmy launches his own products. First, he launches Mr. Beastburger, which is a virtual restaurant concept. Basically, he partners with existing restaurants that make his burgers and you can order them through an app. No physical locations, no real estate costs, just pure licensing and branding. And from what's been reported, Mr. Beastburgger did like $100 million in revenue in its first year or so. I can't verify those exact numbers, but multiple sources have cited similar figures. Then he launches Fastables, his own chocolate bar company. And this is where Jimmy's understanding of modern brand building really shows. He doesn't launch it through traditional retail first. He launches it directly to his audience on YouTube, makes it available online, builds hype, and then expands into retail. And from what's been reported in business publications, Feastables is on track to do hundreds of millions in revenue. Now, let's talk about the current operation because this is where it gets truly mind-blowing. Mr. Beast is no longer just a YouTube channel. It's a full-scale media production company. Jimmy has over 150 employees, maybe more now. He's got a production team, editors, project managers, challenge coordinators, set builders. From what's been reported and what you can see in behindthe-scenes content, he's spending between$2 million and $5 million per video per video. Think about that for a second. He's spending more on a single YouTube video than many production companies spend on an entire season of a TV show. And it works because the videos generate enough views and enough revenue through ads and sponsorships to justify the cost. And here's the thing, Jimmy is still obsessed with the data. In an interview with Colin and Samir, he talked about how he has full-time analysts who track every metric on every video. They know exactly how different thumbnail styles perform, exactly how different title formats perform, exactly what type of content gets the best retention. They've built an internal algorithm for predicting how well a video will do before it's even published. But I want to go back to something really important here because I think this is the key to understanding why Mr. Beast succeeded where so many others failed. It's not just that he works hard. Lots of people work hard. It's not just that he's smart about the algorithm. Lots of people understand the algorithm. It's that Jimmy was willing to sacrifice everything else in his life for years to master this one thing. From what he shared in interviews, he didn't date anyone for years because he was too obsessed with YouTube. He didn't have hobbies. He didn't travel for fun. He didn't go out with friends for like six or seven years. From his mid- teens to his early 20s, his entire life was YouTube. Wake up, think about YouTube, make videos, analyze data, go to sleep every single day. And look, I'm not saying that's healthy. I'm not saying everyone should do that. But that level of obsession is what it takes to become the absolute best in the world at something. You can't casually become the biggest YouTuber on earth. You can't do it as a side hustle. You have to be allin, completely consumed by it. Now, let's talk about some of the specific strategic decisions that I think are really worth analyzing because there are patterns here that apply beyond just YouTube. First, Jimmy understood from very early on that differentiation matters more than quality. When he was making gaming videos, his production quality was fine. His commentary was fine, but he was competing with millions of other gaming channels doing the exact same thing. There was nothing different about his content. When he switched to extreme challenges, he immediately stood out because nobody else was counting to 100,000 or reading the entire dictionary. It was weird enough to be different, which made it sharable. Second, he understood the power of reinvestment. Most creators, when they start making money, they take the money and improve their lifestyle. They buy a nicer car. They get a nicer apartment. They go on vacation. Jimmy took every dollar he made and put it back into making bigger videos. For years, he lived in a small house with his crew, drove a regular car, didn't buy expensive things. All the money went back into the content. And that created a compounding effect where each video could be bigger than the last. Third, he understood leverage. When he launched Mr. Beastburger, he didn't build restaurants. He leveraged existing infrastructure. When he launched Fastables, he partnered with manufacturing and distribution companies instead of building factories. He found ways to scale without taking on massive capital costs. Or this is subtle but important. He built a brand that's bigger than any individual video. People don't subscribe to Mr. Beast because they want to see a specific type of content. They subscribe because they know that whatever he does, it's going to be the most extreme version of that thing. Whether it's a challenge, a giveaway, a game show, whatever, it's going to be bigger and more intense than anyone else would do it. That brand promise is incredibly powerful. Now, let's talk about some of the challenges and controversies because it hasn't all been smooth sailing. There have been questions about labor practices. Some former employees have come forward with claims about long hours and intense working conditions. From what I've read in various reports, Jimmy's operation runs like a high-intensity startup with people working extremely long hours, and not everyone thrives in that environment. Now, I can't verify every claim that's been made, but it's clear that working for Mr. beast is intense and demanding. There have also been questions about the sustainability of the business model. If you're spending $3 million per video and giving away a million in prizes, you need to generate more than $4 million in revenue per video to be profitable. And while that seems to be working now, it requires constant growth. If the views plateau or decline, the math stops working. There have been some controversies around specific videos and challenges. Questions about whether contestants were treated fairly, whether the challenges were safe, whether the prizes were actually given out as promised. From what I can tell, Mr. Beast's team has generally addressed these concerns, but they do keep coming up. And there's the bigger philosophical question about whether this type of content is good for society. Is it healthy to have a culture where entertainment is based on extreme consumption and extreme giveaways? Does it create unrealistic expectations? Does it devalue money? I don't have answers to these questions, but they're worth thinking about. But setting aside the controversies for a moment, let's talk about what Mr. Beast represents from a business strategy perspective, because I think there are some really valuable lessons here. One of the things that fascinates me about Jimmy's approach is how he's essentially created a new category. Before Mr. Beast, YouTube content generally fell into a few categories: vlogs, gaming, beauty, comedy, education. Jimmy created something that doesn't quite fit any of those boxes. It's reality TV meets game shows meets philanthropy meets extreme challenges. It's a totally new format that only exists because he invented it. And now if you look at YouTube, there are hundreds of channels trying to copy the Mr. Beast format. Extreme challenges, big giveaways, high production value, but none of them have matched his success because he had the first mover advantage and because he's still outspending everyone else. This reminds me a lot of what Howard Schultz did with Starbucks. Before Starbucks, coffee was just coffee. Howard created the concept of the third place. This idea that a coffee shop could be something between home and work, a place to hang out and relax. He didn't invent coffee. He invented a new category around coffee. Jimmy did the same thing with YouTube content. Another thing I find really interesting is Jimmy's approach to talent and team building. From what I've read and seen, he doesn't hire traditional media professionals. He doesn't hire people from TV production companies or ad agencies. He hires young people who grew up on YouTube who understand internet culture who are obsessed with the platform and then he trains them in his specific methodology. This is really smart because traditional media people would bring traditional media assumptions. They want to do things the right way or the professional way. But YouTube isn't traditional media. It has different rules, different economics, different audience expectations. By hearing people who only know YouTube, Jimmy ensures that his team is optimizing for the right things. I also think it's worth talking about the international expansion strategy. Mr. Beast now has multiple channels in different languages. Mr. Beast Gaming, Mr. Beast Reacts, Mr. Beast Spanish, Mr. Beast Hindi, and these aren't just dubbed versions of the main channel. They're often customized content for those markets. This is a classic horizontal expansion strategy. You build dominance in one market and then expand to adjacent markets using the same playbook. Now, let's talk about the current valuation and where this might be heading because this gets into some really interesting speculation. From what's been reported in various business publications, Mr. Beast company is estimated to be worth somewhere between 700 million and over a billion dollars. Now, I can't verify these exact numbers. Valuations for private companies are always a bit fuzzy, but that's the range that keeps getting cited. And that valuation is based on a combination of the revenue from ads, sponsorships, Mr. Beast Burger, Fastables, and the brand value. But here's what's interesting. If you look at how creator businesses are being valued these days, there's an argument that Mr. Beast could be worth significantly more. Think about it this way. He has over 200 million subscribers across his channels. His videos regularly get 50 to 100 million views. He has multiple revenue streams that are scaling. He's built an actual production company with real infrastructure. If you compare that to traditional media companies, the valuation could actually be much higher. I mean, there are production companies and media brands that have way less reach and engagement than Mr. Beast that are valued at multiple billions. Now, this is pure speculation on my part, but I wouldn't be surprised if we see Mr. Beast eventually go public or get acquired for a massive sum. And I mean massive, like 3 to5 billion or more because what he's built isn't just a YouTube channel. It's an entertainment and consumer products empire that happens to distribute primarily through YouTube. Or, and this is another possibility, Jimmy could decide to build this into a multi-deade generational company like Disney. Instead of selling, he could keep expanding into new categories, new products, new formats, new platforms. He's already in food. He's in digital media. He could expand into physical theme parks, into streaming services, into all kinds of entertainment verticals. Let me talk about some of the specific tactical things that I think other creators and entrepreneurs can learn from the Mr. Beast playbook. First, the obsession with data. Jimmy doesn't make creative decisions based on gut feeling or artistic vision. He makes them based on what the data says will perform. Every thumbnail is tested. Every title is optimized. Every edit is analyzed for retention. This is a very analytical, scientific approach to creativity. And while some people might say that takes the art out of it, it's also what allows him to consistently produce videos that work. Second, the willingness to reinvest. Most businesses, especially in the early days, the founders take money out to live on. Jimmy did the opposite. He lived as cheaply as possible and put every dollar back into growth. That's how you compound. That's how you go from $10,000 videos to $10 million videos in a few years. Third, the focus on scale. Jimmy didn't build a business that depends on him personally. Yes, he's the face of the brand, but he has a team of 150 plus people who can produce content, manage operations, handle partnerships. If Jimmy wanted to step back tomorrow, the business could probably continue running. That's the difference between a job and a business. Fourth, the vertical integration. Instead of just being a YouTube creator who makes money from ads and sponsorships, Jimmy owns the entire stack. He produces the content. He owns the audience. He owns the product companies. He controls the distribution. That's way more valuable than just being a content creator. Fifth, speed of execution. One of the things that's crazy about Mr. beast is how quickly they move from idea to published video can be a matter of weeks. They don't overthink things. They test and iterate. If a video format doesn't work, they try something else. If a product doesn't sell, they pivot. This bias toward action is really powerful. Now, I want to address something that I think is important. There's a narrative that sometimes gets told about Mr. Beast that he's just this wholesome guy giving away money and making people happy. And look, there's truth to that. A lot of his content does involve helping people, funding charities, giving away cars and houses. But let's be cleareyed about what this is. This is a business. The giveaways are content and the content generates revenue. That doesn't make it bad, but it's important to understand the actual model. Jimmy is very smart about positioning the giveaways as philanthropy because that gives him a halo effect. People feel good watching his videos. They feel like they're part of something positive. And that emotional connection is incredibly valuable from a branding perspective. But at the end of the day, this is a for-profit media company that uses giveaways as a form of content marketing. Again, I'm not saying that's wrong. I actually think it's brilliant. He's figured out a way to do well by doing good to build a massive business while also genuinely helping people. But I think it's important to be clear about the mechanics of how it actually works. Let me also talk about the risk factors because every business has risks and Mr. Beast is no exception. The biggest risk is platform dependency. The entire business is built on YouTube's algorithm. If YouTube changes how it promotes videos or changes its ad policies or if there's a mass migration to a different platform, the whole thing could be in trouble. Now, Jimmy is smart and has started diversifying with the products and the international expansion. But YouTube is still the core engine. Second risk is burnout. The content is so extreme and so expensive that it requires constant escalation. How do you top a $10 million giveaway? You do a $20 million giveaway. How do you top that? You do a $50 million giveaway. At some point, you hit a ceiling where the content becomes unsustainable or where audiences become desensitized. Third risk is brand safety. One controversy, one scandal, one video that crosses a line and the whole brand could be damaged. Jimmy has been pretty careful about this, but when you're producing this much content this quickly, mistakes can happen. Fourth risk is competition. As I mentioned earlier, there are now hundreds of channels trying to copy the Mr. Beast format. While none have matched his success yet, it's possible that someone figures out a way to do it better or cheaper. In the attention economy, competition is always just one viral video away. But despite these risks, I think Jimmy has built something really remarkable. And the thing that impresses me most is that he did it by being more obsessed, more data driven, more willing to reinvest, and more focused than anyone else. There's no secret. There's no hack. It's just extreme dedication to mastering one specific thing. Let me tell you one more story that I think encapsulates the whole Mr. Beast approach. This comes from an interview Jimmy did on the Ice Coffee Hour podcast. He talks about how when they're planning a video, they don't just think about what would be cool or fun. They literally sit around and ask what's the most extreme version of this we could possibly do and then they figure out how to actually do it. So, if they're going to do a survival challenge, it's not like, "Hey, let's camp for a night." It's let's bury someone underground for 7 days. If they're going to do a prize challenge, it's not let's give away $100. It's let's give away a private island. The extreme is the baseline. And then they figure out how to make it work logistically and financially. That mindset, that refusal to do anything that's just good enough. That's what separates the absolute best from everyone else. And it's exhausting just thinking about it, but that's what it takes. Now, I want to connect this to some broader patterns I've seen in other stories we've covered on this show because the Mr. Beast playbook has a lot of similarities to other successful entrepreneurs. It reminds me of Bezos at Amazon with the obsession with metrics and the willingness to sacrifice short-term profits for long-term growth. It reminds me of Elon Musk with the focus on doing things that seem impossible and the reinvestment of every dollar. It reminds me of Reed Hastings at Netflix with the datadriven approach to content. But it also reminds me of Walt Disney in a weird way. Disney built an empire by creating content that was more extreme and more ambitious than anyone else was doing. When everyone else was making 7-inute cartoons, Disney made a 90-minute animated feature film. When everyone else was making small amusement parks, Disney built an entirely immersive theme park world. The logic is the same. Be so much bigger and better than the competition that you create a new category. And I think that's ultimately what Jimmy has done. He's not competing with other YouTube creators on their terms. He's redefined what YouTube content can be. And everyone else is trying to catch up. So where does this go from here? What does Mr. Beast look like in 5 years, in 10 years? My guess, and this is pure speculation, is that we're going to see continued expansion into new verticals. I wouldn't be surprised to see Mr. Beast streaming shows on Netflix or Amazon. I wouldn't be surprised to see Mr. beast theme parks or experience centers. I wouldn't be surprised to see acquisitions of other creator brands or media properties. I also think we'll see the production quality continue to increase. We're already at the point where Mr. Beast videos have higher production value than many TV shows. Imagine what happens when they're spending 10 million or $20 million per video. You're essentially talking about feature film budgets for YouTube content. And I think we'll see the brand extend beyond Jimmy himself. Right now, Jimmy is the face of everything, but I could see a future where Mr. Beast becomes more like Marvel, where there are multiple franchises and multiple personalities under the larger brand umbrella. The other thing I'm curious about is whether Jimmy will transition from being primarily a creator to being primarily a business owner and operator. Because at some point, if the business gets big enough, he's going to have to make a choice. Does he want to keep being the person in front of the camera, or does he want to be the person running a multi-billion dollar company? Those require different skill sets and different time allocation. From the interviews I've seen, it seems like Jimmy still genuinely loves making videos. He loves the creative process, loves coming up with ideas, loves seeing the audience reaction, but he's also clearly a talented operator and business strategist. It'll be interesting to see which side wins out as the company scales. Let me also talk about the philanthropic side for a minute because I think it's worth acknowledging. Jimmy has done a lot of actual charitable work beyond just the giveaway videos. He started Beast Philanthropy, which is a separate nonprofit channel that funds food banks and charitable projects. He's done fundraisers that have raised millions of dollars for various causes. He planted 20 million trees through the Team Trees campaign. He did a campaign to clean the ocean. Now, some people are cynical about this and say it's all just for content and publicity. And sure, there's definitely a branding benefit, but from what I can tell, the impact is real. Like actual food banks are getting funded, actual trees are getting planted, actual people are getting helped. So even if the motivation is partly business-driven, the outcomes are still positive. I think you can acknowledge both things at once. Okay, so let me try to synthesize this into some key takeaways, some principles that I think explain the Mr. Beast phenomenon. Principle one, obsession beats talent. Jimmy wasn't the most talented creator, wasn't the best on camera, didn't have the best production skills, but he was more obsessed with understanding the platform than anyone else. And that obsession sustained over years led to pattern recognition and insights that gave him an unfair advantage. Principle two, differentiation is more valuable than quality. Being really good at the same thing everyone else is doing is a losing strategy. Being weird, being extreme, being different in a way that's memorable. That's how you stand out in a crowded market. Principle three, reinvestment creates compounding growth. If you take money out of a growing business to fund lifestyle expenses, you cap your growth. If you reinvest every dollar, you create exponential scaling. Jimmy lived below his means for years so the business could grow faster. Principle four, data and gut feeling should work together. Jimmy uses data to inform decisions, but he also trusts his instincts about what will be entertaining. The magic is in combining analytical rigor with creative intuition. Principle five, build systems and teams, not just skills. Jimmy didn't try to do everything himself. He built a team of people who are better than him at specific things, and he created systems to scale the operation. That's how you go from a oneperson channel to a 150 person production company. Principle six, speed of execution matters more than perfection. Jimmy isn't trying to make perfect videos. He's trying to make videos that work and then make the next one better. That bias toward action and iteration is more effective than waiting for the perfect idea. Principle seven, own the full stack when possible. Jimmy doesn't just create content, he owns the products, owns the distribution, owns the audience relationship. That vertical integration is where the real value creation happens. And here's the last thing I'll say about Mr. Beast. I think what he's built is ultimately a case study in what's possible when you combine obsessive focus, datadriven decision-making, audience understanding, and relentless reinvestment. There's no magic to it. There's no secret. It's just incredibly hard work sustained over a very long time with a refusal to settle for good enough. Would someone replicate what Jimmy did? Theoretically, yes. The playbook is pretty clear. Study the platform obsessively. Create differentiated content. Reinvest all profits. Build a team. own multiple revenue streams, scale the operation, but practically most people can't do it because they're not willing to sacrifice everything else in their life for 5 to seven years to become the absolute best at one specific thing. And look, I'm not saying everyone should do what Jimmy did. The level of obsession required is probably not healthy for most people. But if you want to build something truly exceptional, something that dominates an industry, this is the level of commitment it takes. The question you have to ask yourself is, "What am I willing to give up to be the best in the world at something?" For Jimmy, the answer was basically everything. Social life, hobbies, traditional career path, financial security for years, all of it went into YouTube. And the result is a $700 million plus empire built in less than a decade. That's the trade-off. That's what it actually takes. And I think most people when they really understand that trade-off realize they're not willing to make it, which is fine. But then you also have to accept that you're probably not going to build a Mr. Beast level business. I'll leave you with this thought. The Mr. Beast story is still being written. Jimmy is 26 years old as of this recording. He's been doing YouTube for over a decade, but he's probably got another four or five decades of productive career ahead of him. What does this look like in 20 years? Does he become the next Walt Disney building an entertainment empire that lasts generations? Does he sell to a major media company for multiple billions? Does he flame out and fade away? I don't know. Nobody knows. But based on what he's built so far, based on the pattern of obsessive focus and relentless execution, my money is on him continuing to do things that seem impossible because that's what he's always done. And I can't wait to see what happens next. All right, so that's the deep dive on how Mr. Beast went from a broke teenager obsessing over YouTube analytics to building a $700 million empire in less than 10 years. That's how he cracked the algorithm. That's how he built the team. That's how he created an entirely new category of content. Now look, I'm sure some details I got from publicly available interviews and sources might have different interpretations, but the core pattern is clear. Obsessive focus, datadriven decisions, extreme differentiation, and relentless reinvestment. If this kind of research and storytelling is valuable to you, if you want to understand how these empires were actually built, not the highlight reel, but the real strategy, hit that subscribe button. I release new episodes every single day, breaking down the companies and creators that changed the world. I'm Alex Morgan. Thanks for listening to Behind the Billion.

  Top Comments:
  1. @puspamkeshri7730: Great video. Thanks for sharing this. Keep up with the good work.

I hope you will get better views in future.

- How MrBeast Got 100M Subscribers in a month: Kind: captions Language: en You want to know what Mr. Beast does that 99% of creators won't and how you can steal the idea without buying a yacht? Listen up. Stop treating YouTube like a hobby and start treating it like a science experiment that pays you back 10fold. He spends like he's launching rockets because he's literally reinvesting every cent into making the next video harder to ignore. That reckless reinvestment creates spectacle and spectacle feed algorithms. He rigs the whole experience for attention. Thumbnails that lie just enough to make curiosity itch. Titles that promise a what happens next moment. Edits that never let you blink. There's no wasted breathing room. Every cut is a tiny shock that says stay. He builds a machine, data, tests, repeat. He watches what hooks, where people drop off, and then he makes the next video fix that exact second. He layers emotional beats on top of stunts. Generosity, surprise, embarrassment. So viewers don't just watch, they feel something and drag a friend to watch it, too. Then he scales the thing that works by throwing money, people, or celebrity cameos at it until it breaks the internet. Most creators try to win with one good thumbnail or one viral idea. He wins by creating a feedback loop where each viral hit fuels a bigger, shinier next hit. And the platform rewards that escalation. You don't need Mr. Beast budget to copy the blueprint. Obsess over retention. Make one clear, irresistible promise in your title and thumbnail. Test variations like a lab and reinvest your returns, time, effort, or cash into what actually moves the needle. do that and you stop guessing and start engineering virality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TophatTactics [4 likes]: How many subscribers do you have?📊

- MrBeast SHOCKED The World & DESTROYED YouTube To Build A $1 Billion Empire!: Kind: captions Language: en how did a guy making Goofy Challenge videos become a billion dooll entrepreneur it's a story of Relentless reinvestment audience first thinking and turning viral Fame into an Empire Mr Beast whose real name is Jimmy Donaldson isn't just the biggest YouTuber on the planet he's a business Powerhouse with febles shaking up the candy industry Mr Beast Burger redefining fast food and an empire built on strategic philanthropy he's cracked the code on digital entrepreneurship like no one else but what are the secrets behind his success what makes his businesses so unique and how does he keep scaling bigger and bigger the answers lie in his unorthodox approach to content his marketing genius and his ability to turn every dollar earned into a larger than life spectacle today we're breaking down how Mr Beast built a billion-dollar Empire and the key lessons aspiring entrepreneurs can learn from his journey from YouTube Star to business Mogul Mr BEAST's Journey started in his teenage bedroom making low effort gaming videos that barely got views but everything changed when he cracked the YouTube algorithm he spent months analyzing trending videos studying what worked and experimenting with content then he found his golden formula big audacious challenges with eye-catching titles and thumbnails counting to 100,000 watching paint dry saying a word 100,000 times these bizarre stunts skyrocketed him to viral Fame but he didn't just take the money and run instead of pocketing his early earnings he reinvested everything back into his his videos making each one bigger crazier and more expensive this cycle of reinvestment fueled his exponential growth allowing him to outdo himself with every upload his giveaways hundreds of thousands of dollars cars even houses weren't just acts of generosity they were marketing strategies designed to keep viewers hooked and share his content across the internet as his audience grew so did his Ambitions and soon Mr Beast wasn't just a content creator he was building a business Empire business model break down how he makes money most YouTubers rely on ads and sponsorships but Mr Beast took it several steps further his revenue streams are as diverse as they are lucrative first there's AdSense the money he makes from YouTube ads which generates Millions each month due to his massive viewership then there are brand deals companies pay him absurd amounts just for a mention in his videos but where he truly separates himself is in his own Brands Mr Beast Berger took the food industry by storm operating as a ghost kitchen model meaning he didn't have to own restaurants he simply partnered with existing kitchens to fulfill online orders then came febles his healthier alternative to traditional candy bars which launched with an insane viral campaign that saw the product fly off the shelves beyond that he reinvests in his businesses philanthropy and future projects ensuring his Empire keeps expanding whether it's merchandising Beast philanthropy or his other entrepreneurial Ventures Mr Beast has mastered the art of making and multiplying money the Feasta bles phenomenon disrupting the candy industry when Mr Beast announced febles many questioned whether a YouTuber could really compete with giants like Hershey's the answer a resounding yes his launch strategy was Classic Mr Beast giveaways viral challenges and making buying a chocolate bar feel like an event he gamified the purchasing process attaching sweep Stakes to every bar sold encouraging fans to buy more for a chance to win life-changing prizes beyond the hype febles capitalized on a growing Trend cleaner ingredients less sugar and a brand that felt fresh and exciting compared to Legacy candy brands the marketing pure genius every big YouTuber influencer and Creator was either talking about it or promoting it creating a social media frenzy and with Mr beast's name attached it had instant credibility the result sold out shelves and millions in sales within weeks of launch febles isn't just a candy brand it's proof that Mr BEAST's business strategies are changing Industries one viral product at a time Mr Beast Burger revolutionizing the food industry Mr Beast didn't just enter the food industry he flipped it upside down instead of opening traditional restaurants he leveraged the ghost kitchen model a revolutionary approach where existing restaurants prepared and delivered his Burgers under the Mr Beast Burger brand with this strategy he avoided the cost of physical locations while instantly scaling across hundreds of cities his audience played a crucial role in its immediate success when Mr Beast Burger launched millions of fans rushed to order leading to soldout locations and an overwhelming demand I am absolutely stunned by the amount of people that have traveled here from cross country out of the country and some have never even tried one of these Burgers Mr PE Mr PE the first pop-up event saw thousands of people waiting in line stretching for Miles the sheer power of his brand turned a virtual food concept into a viral sensation overnight however not everything was smooth sailing customer complaints about food quality and Order inconsistency surfaced highlighting the challenges of relying on third-party kitchens yet despite these hurdles Mr Beast Berger proved that a digital Creator could compete with major fast food chains without ever owning a restaurant marketing genius how he creates virality Mr Beast has mastered the science of virality applying it to both his content and his businesses his videos follow a specific formula immediate hooks fast-paced edits and high stakes challenges that keep viewers engaged he understands human psychology ensuring every frame is designed to hold attention but beyond entertainment philanthropy plays a massive role in his brand giving away Millions isn't just generosity it's an investment that fuels his growth every act of kindness amplifies his reach making audiences more likely to share his content he applies this same strategy to his businesses febles and Mr Beast Burger weren't just products they were events launched with massive giveaways and viral challenges that turned fans into customers by treating every business move like a YouTube video High engagement compelling storytelling and massive hype he ensures that whatever he touches turns into a viral moment expanding Beyond YouTube long-term Vision Mr Beast isn't just a YouTuber he's an Empire Builder while his videos generate billions of views his Ambitions stretch far beyond YouTube he's not just making content he's reshaping Industries Beast philanthropy has already positioned him as a game changer in digital philanthropy proving that giving back at scale is not only possible but also sustainable his business ventures febles Mr Beast Berger and his massive merch Empire have shown that a Creator can transition from influencer to business Mogul but he's not stopping there he's hinted at projects in entertainment gaming and even his own Tech Ventures there's speculation that he could one day launch a streaming platform a social media Network or even a full-scale production company rivaling Hollywood Studios what makes Mr Beast different from other entrepreneurs is his ability to scale quickly while keeping his audience at the center of everything he does he reinvests almost every dollar he earns constantly pushing boundaries and setting new records this Relentless Innovation ensures that his influence extends far beyond YouTube making him one of the most powerful digital entrepreneurs of our time as social media platforms evolve and New Opportunities arise Mr Beast is positioning himself to lead the next wave of content-driven businesses his formula for Success Remains the Same capture attention create value and give back in a way that keeps people engaged the combination of viral storytelling bold business moves and strategic reinvestment has transformed him into a billion dooll Powerhouse his Empire is still expanding and it's clear that he has no plans of slowing down what do you think is Mr BEAST's smartest business move let us know in the comments and if you enjoyed this breakdown of his journey make sure to like share and subscribe for more deep dives into the world's biggest entrepreneurs your support helps us bring you even more amazing content so don't forget to hit that notification Bell to stay updated

  Top Comments:
  1. @Inspirationland-et8yy: He understood the power of giving, may God bless him more.
  2. @ShelbyShelbShel: Crazy editing for such a small channel (as of today, probably going to change)
  3. @ErikGendang: Mister beast is the beast😍

- MrBeast: His Incredible 10-Year Journey: Kind: captions Language: en Before the private jets and million-dollar giveaways, there was a teenager in a small North Carolina town with nothing but a laptop and a dream. His name, Jimmy Donaldson, better known as Mr. Beast. We're covering his four simple steps to creating addictive content, his rise to success, and his plan to reach 1 billion subscribers. Born in 1998, Jimmy's fascination with YouTube began at an early age. At just 13, he created his first channel, posting gaming content, reaction videos, and random experiments. Nothing fancy, just a kid testing the waters of an online world that fascinated him. Like most beginners, he struggled. His early videos barely cracked double-digit views. And for years, success felt like an impossible dream. But while most aspiring YouTubers get discouraged by low numbers, Jaime became obsessed. He studied the algorithm like a scientist, analyzing what worked and what didn't. He devoured every piece of data he could find, watching which thumbnails got clicks, what titles performed best, and how retention rates shaped a video success. His first big breakthrough, counting to 100,000 in single video. In 2017, Jimmy uploaded a video where he counted out loud from one to 100,000. It was ridiculous, exhausting, and unlike anything anyone had ever seen. The video was simple yet brilliant. It hooked viewers, racking up millions of views. And with that, Mr. Beast had found his winning formula, extreme over-the-top challenges that pushed human limits. From there, he escalated fast. He read every word in a dictionary, spent 24 hours in solitary confinement, and tried to stay underwater for 24 hours. These weren't just videos, they were spectacles. But the real game changer, his first big donation. Jimmy realized that giving away money, whether it was $10,000 to a stranger or thousands to small Twitch streamers, was not only heartwarming, but also insanely engaging. The internet loves generosity, and Mr. Beast turned it into a content strategy. With every viral hit, his videos got bigger. More money, more challenges, more jaw-dropping stunts. But behind the scenes, Jimmy wasn't just a YouTuber. He was becoming an industry leader by reinvesting every dollar he made back into content. He scaled up at an unprecedented pace. Unlike other creators who saved their ad revenue, Jimmy treated YouTube like a high stakes business. Early on, he made just enough to cover costs. If a video made $10,000, he'd spend $10,000 on the next one. But running the biggest YouTube channel in the world isn't cheap. But how much does it all cost? His average video budget is between $500,000 to $3 million. His most expensive video was the Squid Game recreation, which cost over $3.5 million. One of the most expensive YouTube videos ever. His thumbnails also cost thousands of dollars, with some estimates suggesting he spends up to $10,000 per thumbnail just to get the perfect click. And that's just for his main channel. Mr. Mr. Beast now runs multiple channels, each pulling in millions of views and expanding his reach even further. Beyond YouTube videos, Mr. Beast has turned his brand into a billionoll business empire. He's no longer just a content creator. He's a CEO. In 2020, Mr. Beast launched Mr. Beastburger, a virtual restaurant that took the internet by storm. Instead of opening physical locations, he partnered with existing restaurants to prepare and deliver his burgers, allowing him to scale rapidly without massive overhead costs. The result, over 1,000 locations worldwide with millions of burgers sold. With this success, he ventured even deeper into the food industry. In 2022, he took on the snack industry with Feastables, a chocolate brand designed to rival Hershey's and other big players. His marketing strategy, same as before. giving away millions in cash and prizes, making every chocolate bar purchase an exciting event. Feastables quickly became one of the fastest growing snack brands, proving once again that Mr. Beast isn't just a YouTuber. He's a marketing genius. Mr. Beast's videos are addictive. His success isn't accidental. His content formula is engineered to keep people hooked from start to finish. He has a four-step process that guarantees a success. One, instant hooks. Within the first 5 seconds, he grabs your attention. No fluff, no long intros, just instant engagement. Two, relentless pacing. There is never a dull moment. Every second is packed with action, surprises, and high energy. Three, massive stakes. The challenges aren't just fun, they're life-changing. Giving someone $1 million, that's an emotional roller coaster. Four, unpredictability. You never know what's coming next, and that's why you can't look away. Some may say Mr. Beast cannot grow any further, but he has more tricks up his sleeve. As of now, Mr. Beast isn't just competing with other YouTubers. He's competing with Hollywood, major brands, and traditional media. And if history has taught us anything, it's that he never stops innovating. While Mr. Beast is still laser focused on YouTube, he's already making major moves outside the platform. His ultimate goal, building an entertainment empire that stretches beyond digital content. One of his most brilliant strategies, localization. Instead of relying only on English-speaking audiences, Mr. Beast has launched multiple foreign language channels, hiring professional voice actors to dub his videos into Spanish, Portuguese, and even Japanese. The impact? His Spanish language channel alone has over 30 million subscribers. By translating his videos, he's unlocked billions of potential new viewers across the world. This move has allowed him to dominate YouTube at a global scale, reaching markets that other creators simply can't. With video budgets in the millions, some fans speculate that it's only a matter of time before Mr. Beast makes the jump to traditional entertainment. Whether that's producing fulllength films, launching a reality show, or even collaborating with major studios. Given his ability to generate massive online engagement, a Mr. beast produced TV show or movie could completely disrupt Hollywood's outdated marketing model. With all this success, it might seem like Mr. Beast has cracked the ultimate YouTube code. But his meteoric rise comes at a cost. Running a media empire isn't easy. His team has grown to hundreds of employees, each responsible for different aspects of production, editing, thumbnails, and logistics. The pressure to constantly outdo himself is relentless, and the competition on YouTube is only getting tougher. And then there's the financial risk. Since he reinvests nearly all of his earnings into his videos, each project is a high stakes gamble. If a video flops, he could lose millions. His massive giveaways and productions require careful planning to stay profitable. So, can he keep this up? The truth is, no one has ever done what Mr. Beast is doing, which means there's no road map for what comes next. But if there's one thing that separates Mr. Beast from every other YouTuber, it's this. He adapts. He's constantly evolving, testing new formats, and staying ahead of trends. And whether it's through YouTube, business, or something entirely unexpected, one thing is clear. Mr. Beast isn't slowing down anytime soon. From a teenager with a dream to the undisputed king of YouTube, his story has proved that insane dedication, relentless innovation, and a willingness to take risks can change everything. And as long as there's a bigger challenge, a crazier idea, or a new way to push boundaries, Mr. Beast will be there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vibies67-67 [2 likes]: You know i simply cant believe you only have 142 subs with such amazinf video quality atleast 100k is well deserved
  2. @ilyjas421 [1 likes]: Either your using AI to edit your videos, or you are spending alot of time editing for a video that wont get monetized lol.
  3. @TheInternetIndex: Hit the subscribe button! Help us hit 1,000 subscribers!
  4. @RooCook-i3j: Cool

- MrBeast’s Epic Evolution (2012–2025) – A Journey to 400 Million Subscribers: Kind: captions Language: en All right, T. Where am I? What just happened? What does this say? Saul, before you can advance, you must flip every switch and kill all the monsters that come out. If you try to open the door without killing them, you will explode. Okay, here's your weapon. Ooh, diamond sword. It's not smart. So, what's up, guys? It's Mr. B6000 here, and this is a mod review. So, basically, it's the Boxy items mod. So, makes like your pickaxes and all your items boxy. If you look at these, they're all in box shape and stuff. See them? What's up, guys? As you can tell by the title, by the picture you're looking at, if this video gets 1 million views, um, I'll I'll be happy. I mean, chances are it's not going to get a million views. In fact, I can almost guarantee this video is not going to get a million views. But if this video did get 1 million views, 1 0 0 0, I would use the ad revenue to do something super epic that I already have planned. But chances are it's not. So, oh well. But, you know, miracles happen. I'm going to upload it. Hopefully, it gets a million views. If not, oh well. YOLO. Yeah. Like, favorite, subscribe. I generally make videos talking about how much other YouTubers make and you know I instead I wanted to mix it up. Instead of talking about a different YouTuber, I decided today I'd talk about myself. Um it took me 75,000 views to make my first $100 off of YouTube. And uh I'll be honest, sorry. I didn't get partnered till I had like around 30,000 views. So the first 30,000 views I didn't even, you know, have ads on my opinion. Look at it. Isn't it beautiful? Quadruple digits. Uh, it has come to my attention. I've hit 1,000 subs, which uh, it's pretty awesome. I should say thank you. Thank you all for subscribing. I don't really know why you're subscribed to me cuz my videos kind of suck. And this camera is shaking like crazy. All right, I'm going to attempt to hold my hand still. Hold still. You guys make it really hard to to quit. Um, it's been a month since I uploaded to YouTube. And to be honest, I was pretty sure I was done with YouTube. Um, when I was 12, that was like all I ever wanted to do was be a YouTuber. And I've uploaded probably over 1,000 videos to YouTube between all the channels I've had. And I've deleted a lot of them. I only have like 200 on this channel. But, uh, YouTube used to be my dream when I was younger, like 12 years old. From 12 to like 14, that's all I ever talked about in school. That's all I ever did. I, uh, I wanted to be a YouTuber. And uh I don't know, more recently I've gotten, you know, other priorities. Um I spend the entire summer playing basketball. I practice basketball 2 hours a day and it's basketball season right now and most weeks we have like three games. So like I have no free time. I mean we get we check we leave school early to go to a game and we don't get home till like 11:00 on away games and even on home games I don't get home till like 10:00 and I have homework and you know other things. I'm not dead and I am thinking about YouTube now. Um, in case you are ever wondering or you click on my channel and wonder why I haven't uploaded in over a month, [Music] we hit 9K subs yesterday, sometime yesterday, gaining about 70 new subscribers every day, which is um, that's, you know, it's cool. I'm I'm very I'm very pleased that people are enjoying my content and uh, makes me happy. I'm grateful for 9K. I'm attempting to cut a table in half only using plastic knives. So, uh, in case you're wondering, that's why. But anyways, I just hit Oops. I just hit 20,000 subscribers. And the crazy part is, I believe it took me 2 years to get my first 10,000 subscribers. And then my next 10,000. From 10,000 to 20,000 only took about 5 months. So, uh, we're definitely growing a lot faster. Two more. One more. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. I got it. I got it. I got it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Oh my goodness. Oo, a letter. I would uh I'd read this out loud, but you've all probably heard it like 30 times. Uh just says, "You've done something that not many people have done." yada yada yada. Boom. Look at that bad boy. I'm about to count to 100,000. You don't believe me? Just watch this video. Screw it. Let's just let's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8,997 99,998. Make sure you like the video. Drop a comment. 9,00 99,999 100,000. What am I doing with my This is not clickbait. I am going to give a random homeless guy $10,000 today. 6 8 9 10. And just so we are all on the same page, this is not my money. This is a new weekly series where I'm getting companies to sponsor my videos and I'm giving 100% of what they pay me away to random people. Yo, what? Hold up, hold up, hold up. With $100, Mr. Beast just tipped. Yo, hold up. A $100 donation. Well, he passed the test, boys. Are you a kid? I'm not a kid. No. No. Surprise. Surprise. We got you. Duct tape. We're so close. We're We're almost there. Wow. Oh. Oh. Oh. We're almost 5 million subscribers. Wow. I can't believe it. 5 million. [Applause] Okay. This is disgusting. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Now I'm covered in wine. Congratulations, Mr. Beast. I appreciate it, boys. All right. Do you guys mind? I want to watch the next meme review. It just came out. We hit 10 million subscribers. And to celebrate, I brought down my third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and 10 millionth subscriber and had them compete against each other for $100,000 and 10 million filling in for my 10 million subscriber as Chris. I thought it would make more sense to let Chris compete in this tournament because he's been here since day one. So Chris is our technical 10 million subscriber. The rules are simple. 10 games, you get points placed on how you rank. Come in first, you get 30 grand. You guys spammed me to plant 20 million trees on Twitter, Reddit, all over my comment section. So I made it happen. Today we will be planting 20 million trees and we put them in the hole. Now we need mulch. put the mulch around the tree and we hydrate it. And there we go. And again, hole tree mulch water. And before we go any further, this is Sarah. She's a tree planting expert. Will this tree grow to be big and healthy? I'm going to look and see if I can pull on it and it doesn't pull out of the planting hole. So, good job there. Only 19,9989,980 more trees. Let's go. Yeah. Oh yeah. Sturdy. Oh, very sturdy. Dude, you could tug on this with a rope and it wouldn't come out. Chris, I need help. Can you massage my tree for me? Massage your tree. I can't get it out of this pot, dude. It's It's like rock solid in here. There you go. So, talking to trees makes them grow faster, huh? Bro, what? Do you want the planet to die? Come on. You see the sky? Going to be a house for birds and stuff. Tough trees. Look at this. No movement. Today I'm going to be giving my 40 million subscriber all 40 of these cars. We have a Porsche, a Chrysler, a Tesla with a custom 40 mil wrap on it. You know what's funny? Uh YouTube isn't sending us a 50 mil award. They said they're not doing it anymore. So I know I'm glad you guys stepped in. Let's see what he created. Let's do this. Holy crap. Oh yeah. I feel like Let me move this out the way real quick. Can someone shine a light on it? I want to see. Chris King. Yeah, that's what I wanted to see. When you shine light on it, it reflects so nicely. Yeah, that's like the name. Oh, snap. That's like the names of people we can find. They're like an eyeball here. So, take a look at that. So, that eyeball is the oldest meteorite ever recorded. It survived four ice ages on Earth. How did you get your hands on it? I've recreated every single set from Squid Game in real life. And whichever one of these 456 people survives the longest wins 456 grand. The first game we're going to play is red light, green light. And they have 30 minutes to cross the red line on the other side of the huge room. So without further ado, green light. Red light. Oh. Oh. And as you can see, every single player has a device strapped to them that when they're eliminated, it pops. Uh Chris, you want to have a chance at one? Oh no. I I know for sure this guy. Green light. Red light. Oh yo, they're dropping. Okay, now some people are getting out. You got to get a better spot on the next red light, right? I am not eating any food for the next 30 days. Wait, won't you be hungry? This is what I currently look like and I weigh 220 lbs. And when I say no food, I really mean it. This was the hardest I've ever pushed my body in my entire life. Seriously, do not try this anymore. We just hit 100 million subscribers and from the bottom of my heart, thank you everyone that subscribed. And to celebrate, I bought this ginormous private island and I'm giving it to one of you in this video. So, I brought 100 of my subscribers to compete in four extreme challenges. Last one standing wins this island. The first challenge is simple. First 50 people to start a fire and light their torch move on. Begin. Now, time we open our 100 million subscriber play button. This is fresh from YouTube. How do I open? It's actually fresh from the ground. I hate that. This is over a decade of my life represented in one item. This is our 100 mill. That's a piece of paper. Play button. Oh my goodness. From the bottom of my heart, thank you everyone who subscribed. This channel means the world to me. These are all the play buttons YouTube has sent me. It is insane. Obviously, these are the 100,000 subscriber plaque. These are all the million subscriber play buttons. This is the diamond play button for the gaming channel. This is the one for the main channel. And thank you so much everybody for the support. It means the world. This is a $100 million mega mansion and it's possibly the most luxurious house ever built by mankind. And we're going to be comparing living in this house to living in this $69 million art house. In this box is our 200 million subscriber play button. You spoil it. Oh yeah, I forgot. I haven't told them yet. Just stab it. Obviously, we all owe thanks to Nolan. Without him, this would have been possible. Thank you. Appreciate Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, that'll throw up the surprise. That looks shiny. 3 2 1 Wo! Wait, that's like my god. What? You got it. You got it. Is that a logo? Yeah, it's our tiger. Look at that. That is really cool. I mean, I'll keep it in my house. YouTube, thank you so much. If you ever send us another one, can you send six so everyone in the gang can get one? Yeah. When we hit 300, send six. And if you want to help us prank YouTube, hit the subscribe button right there. So, they have to send us a 300 million subscriber play button. This subscriber can beat Ronaldo in a onev one. I'm going to give him a million dollars. In this video, you are going to see the greatest, oh my gosh, the strongest and the fastest athletes on the entire planet compete against normal people. Starting with Tom Brady. Ready to meet your opponent? Let's go. Right over here, high school football. We just got dropped off on this 2,000-year-old ancient temple. But we're so high up, dude. We're surrounded by jungle. See you later. Let's go see what we can find. In this video, we're going to be exploring dozens of ancient temples, all of which hide ancient Mayan secrets from the world deep underground. Everything you guys are seeing now, the Mayans didn't want us to see. Nobody gets to go where we're going, including exploring one of the seven wonders of the world. But we only have 100 hours to make discoveries. Dude, I'm discovering these stairs are huge. Yeah, I want to find an escalator. Let's go discover the secrets of the mind.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheKarlRyder [1 likes]: 🥺
  2. @Simeon_Asenov8 [1 likes]: Fake, he have 160 subs and 39,5K views most view video and he earned 24$.My most view video have 60K-70K views and i have 879 subs and I'm not monetized.And in the video pewdiepie is the first youtubere pewdiepie is not the first youtuber hit 1M subs.

BUT THE VIDEO HAVE CHANCE TO BE REAL BECOUS THIS IS YOUTUBE BEFORE MUCH YEARS AGO AND THE MONETIZATION IT BE 5TIMES TO EASY.
  3. @Michael-p8s9u [1 likes]: Mrbeast now,Most subscribers for 2022-2026
  4. @ChaseRiver2 [1 likes]: and still to this day NOBODY knows what the hell t series is 🤣
  5. @gravestoner: Been watching jimmy since buying a car with pennies... also watched technoblade since his random reviews.... but im happy to see jimmy do this well.
  6. @mikeandaiden3: If anyone can stop mrbeast at 1000 sus u get 250k dollars everyone: 2:07
  7. @SummerWind23: More subscribers = more global debt to their GDP.... 3/4 of top-50 leaders are lazy people with strange videos
  8. @vitaminprotein8495: Pewdiepie stayed at 1st position for 7 years
T series stayed only for 5 years. 💀
  9. @KillerDiaguR: Bought and paid for. Nothing organic or genuine or impressive here. Fvck mr beast
  10. @giorgosd414: half B soon !!
  11. @dudewithachannel1163: I don't like Mr. Beast. Not even a little. But when Pewdiepie lost the no.1 spot, it was officially the end of what made YouTube and Pewds special, that a normal person can start a channel and become larger than mainstream corporations.
Beast taking that back from T-Series when nobody thought it'd be possible, because people liked his content, it shows that idea where you could broadcast yourself can still exist, no matter how corperate YouTube becomes.
  12. @Alter_Fährmann: Im proud that I don’t subscribe to this guy
  13. @kynsman: I still remember when he knowingly covered up the fact that he hired a pedophile and he knew it.
  14. @aletnienaber3580: Bro I hit 263 subs in two months and I’m 10
  15. @jakubindra: Where is Smosh?
  16. @MUUUUUUUUUUSICMAN: 3:35 when i born
  17. @EverNovaOfficial: PewDiePie in his prime🥇
  18. @the_throne96: I love you black pink ❤❤
  19. @noahpeterson598: Been subbed to him since 30K. It’s been like watching a son grow up lol. I’m always gonna miss the old Jimmy tho. Worst Intros, bleach bottle flips, asian sticker, fans sacrificing dolls for him, counting to insane numbers, etc.
  20. @jonathandrouin8717: I don't even know 80% of these channels

- evolution of MrBeast: Kind: captions Language: en first minutes [Music] right now

  Top Comments:
  1. @NathanGonzalez-q6m [1 likes]: Best one yet
  2. @TomPoljak2025 [1 likes]: People from 2026 here
  3. @kQuArBy: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  4. @agus-y7q5g: El mejor video😎
  5. @BotorAndroid10: Mr beast in future!?!?
  6. @BotorAndroid10: Mr beast is created in 2021
  7. @BotorAndroid10: Mr beast is born in 1997
  8. @Saidgood23: What Mr beast
 Whatttt
  9. @SubscribeToday-n2z: DaVinci resolve
  10. @PaulaGwilliam: 0:17 fake MrBeast
  11. @ErosBianchini: Mrbeast de Disney
  12. @arelisvillasmil8156: 0-0 0:40
  13. @VivianeSouzadeOliveira-o3m: Roblox
  14. @betsiherrera9485: I mean he’s 28 in 2026
  15. @betsiherrera9485: Now he’s 28 years old
  16. @DhaneshManoharan: VERY FUNNY 😂😂😂😂
  17. @Orenthegachalover27UAUTTP: Make evolution of me
  18. @HildaAndrade-f7i: Kui?
  19. @valonhajradini: the fakest thing yet😂
  20. @EnricoMendesLeao: Música doidaaaaaaaa!!!!!

- Evolution of MrBeast | 2012 - 2022: Kind: captions Language: en all right g where am i you are looking at a thousand by a thousand ball of tnt if this video gets one million views i'll i'll be happy i mean chances are it's not going to get a million views i just hit 50 000 video views this is my 100th video special i don't actually hate pewdiepie or whatever the title says i just wanted to see if this video will get a bunch of views just because i put a hateful title towards pewdiepie on it it took me 75 000 views to make my first hundred dollars off of youtube i've been uploading to youtube for about two years now look at it quadruple digits oh oh oh crap i've never go go you freaking orange square keep go youtube just started to feel like a grind it kind of felt like i had to put out a video every day and i wasn't enjoying it as much as i used to so i kind of took a couple weeks off i found my old ipod touch underneath my bed it actually had a section of notes entitled youtube and the only thing i had in there was hit a thousand subs and hit a hundred thousand views this video will disappear i promise watch just click subscribe this video will disappear i hit 1500 subs which is just a crazy number so i went on a bunch of smaller youtube channels generally channels with less than 100 subscribers and i downloaded their intros this one right here is kind of weird to me just random aks then whatever that is a workbench a furnace a dispenser and then inviting bear 13 to the point where you can't even see the name it made no sense to me no i'm not dead i realize i haven't uploaded in two weeks if i absolutely don't want to make a video then i don't make one i don't ever force videos so i'm gonna try to commit myself to making a video every other day for the next three months and just see where my youtube channel goes and if i'm happy where it gets at the end of that time period then i'll keep uploading if not i'll probably quit 2000 to 2000 what what what what [Music] you might not have noticed yet but i changed my name on youtube the name of my channel now is mr v6000 why does this guy have 2 000 subscribers and why am i speaking in third person and why am i using this voice these are all very good questions so guys expect a wide range of video games on this channel and we're all pretty stupid and probably won't upload consistently but just subscribe no we're uploading consistently do you want to win fifty dollars i'm about to host a tournament called battle of the beast 32 youtube commentators and have them compete in 1v1s to see who's the best this is the winners of the first round of battle of the beast 3 000 subscribers you know that chick from twilight that can read minds well i'm her cousin and i can read minds as well all he wants in life is a million subs the other day in the car my mom was just like it was really random she was just like jimmy do you make youtube videos and i was just like uh yeah and she was like why didn't you tell me you've been doing this and now we sell for hawaii and i've gotten a ton of requests asking for the full song so here you go do it do what 140 people every month search how to get a gun illegally mr b6 thousand it actually looks pretty good what's up guys i recently hit 2 million views so the first question is going to be am i adopted you see every time you paid that smart asian kid to do your math homework well that's another lesson you don't know how to do and another problem you're gonna miss on your exam i have killed mr beast and i am anti-beast it pains me to say this but my beast is not michael bay's son he is in fact his father mr beast confirmed michael bay's death and 9999 10 000. oh isn't it ironic how of all the youtubers that died he decides to put pewdiepie on the thumbnail i just got a random spark of motivation to make a video and schedule upload it six months later enough with this tyranny it's time for best intros we're gonna be blowing up this tablet long live asian man are you subbed again no you don't know please don't tell scarce are you somebody getting it please i hope you have 50k subs if you don't you're freaking failure in life holy crap boom look at that bad boy i bought a thousand dollar keyboard so this thing's full of explosives this is a thousand dollar keyboard what's up guys today i'm going to be reading the entire b movie script with a little plot twist every time the word be comes up i'm going to say all the previous ones bbb yeah it's going up 99 200 000. what's up guys today we're going to be reacting to the reaction of the reaction to the reaction of the reaction to the reaction of the reaction territorial army territorial waters territorial terror terrorism if you want to take it it's about ten thousand dollars [Applause] oh my god you don't need to 200. bro oh my god i don't know what to do since you don't have to change all right well that's uh thanks man i'm visiting my wife prepare to be mind blown i'm hungry all right we're gonna see if i can tell the difference not really i don't have any cash but i got some gift cards if you need some help god bless you yes sir oh you can't go up to that and put that out grab a fire extinguisher like a hundred here for a tip would you like that are you for real yeah for real do you have real yeah we filled this entire tree the bottom of it where people could reach with money we're gonna give her 15 seconds on a stopwatch every time she blinks is a thousand dollars see what we're doing right now is very healthy for our eyes guys i'm going to attempt to sit under water for 24 hours straight it's nine o'clock we have been the only two that have survived 24 hours we're done are you sure if you step over that line you can't win 10 grand yes man that's what i'm talking about this took many days to film and was very expensive like all our videos we built a lego house using one million legos i think oh that was a hefty one twelve youtubers one circle no sitting and every hour we add one pound to the weight left pewdiepie can't get rid of us like he's just stuck with us mr beast god angel thank you very much we bought half a row of tickets right behind the field goal at the super bowl what is a giant cereal bowl without cereal today we will be planting 20 million trees this is for you yeah this whole house is for you these people are they're amazing my husband had a heart attack we've been trying to make ends meet wow i don't even know what to say keep giving away my money i'd rather not have money and see things like that good luck surprise happy valentine's day so we got you a hundred thousand roses for valentine's day and it has officially begun there it is we did it everybody's already passed us we're being left behind someone told me that uh you don't have a car and that you got laid off right so you won ten thousand dollars

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [123000 likes]: Great video!
  2. @opmpunkandrockremakes [2 likes]: I'll just keep posting and posting until I get there.
  3. @Georges_Pub_Quiz [2 likes]: The key difference between Mr Beast and 99.9% of all other YouTubers is perseverance. He deserves all the success he has got
  4. @thatguy1222-x8i: bitcoin bc1qekvd5a857vlhgjjgz4w5j02tmff43jyf4yrara please please please please please  please bless me not a begger just a survivor
  5. @Speedy7edit: My dream😢..Maybe in future.
  6. @Evil_angle123: Love 💕 ur volg from Pakistan
  7. @DeborahAbul-v5z4d: am actually gone cry dude
  8. @chrisparker7214: I will never understand why people are drawn to watch His channel
  9. @bobbys5211: Great video!
  10. @bobbys5211: Hi
  11. @G3n3r4t0r1111: your are an inspiration sticking to something you always wanted to do
  12. @GT-SHAFEEK-VR-GAMING: I guess everyone is in the same boat 🚢
  13. @JuanSolis-x8x: I wonder if I can get subs from commenting ?
  14. @MaineDood: Pretty amazing!! Well Done!!
  15. @pitchblackempire: Ok
  16. @GregMossEats: Story is never give up
  17. @domcharlesmz: ❤❤❤❤
  18. @Gen_dripbenz: The fact that I’m just seeing this 2025 keeps me motivated and moving forward being a small YouTuber 😢
  19. @jRex918: Crazy how he went from a call of duty youtuber to all the crazy stuff he does now.
  20. @assembly2593: He's always looked like a rat.

- Is Mr Beast getting burned out in Youtube?: Kind: captions Language: en cuz we're always trying to be original and so uh a lot of our problems are that because we try to be original and then I don't know it's like yeah it's just it's never stops you know how it is like we're just going a million miles an hour and it's like I'm 14 years in this you know I've been going since I was 11 so it's like I'm on a tread bill you know maxed at 12 and then I just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hacked it to go 24 milph and I'm running full speed and I haven't stopped for a decade so like that too it's like it's pretty hard to tell when it's like one of those moments where you just push and it's like stop being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just keep going or it's like oh I'm actually burnt out like I'm losing my mind and things like that you know do you have the same passion for YouTube when you wake up every day cuz last time we were here two years ago it was just like I just want to make the best video possible best video possible everyone like s me clips on podcast like you said that at least 20 times in this podcast um no I I would say have more passion to be honest every day I fall more and more in love with YouTube it's like pretty crazy uh cuz you know in the past every big Creator always seemed to get burnt out at some point it seems like this inevitable thing eventually you get burnt out I've heard this a million times like when I was 19 they'd be like you're not going to be able to do this forever eventually you know 5 10 years from now you'll be too old and blah blah blah and you'll get burnt out but here we are I'm 25 and I love it more than I did when I was 19

- MrBeast Reveals His Daily Work Schedule: Kind: captions Language: en what are you doing three weeks from today we're going to be making the world's largest Burger that's crazy of it planned out like that yeah I know everything every video we're filming on the main Channel between now and the year we have because they're big projects so if we're gonna film a video in December we got to start working on it now so we're very far ahead where would you say you spend most of your time is it filming planning scripting that's the problem man and that's why I wouldn't recommend someone do what I do because it's stressful it just depends you know if we do a gaming video where I survive 100 days of Minecraft that's what is that like 30 hours in real time so because like a Minecraft day is 20 minutes so like I can spend 30 hours playing Minecraft and then you know the next week I'm building the world's largest Firework and I have to spend a week on that and the next you know I gotta go Network or go to a conference it's it is so sporadic and random I couldn't tell you yeah but I guess for the most part it's filming main Channel videos but those are just they're different everyone's different I'm either in a submarine or clowning Mount Everest or uh putting 100 people in a circle and see who leaves last

  Top Comments:
  1. @tmarrow [5 likes]: What time stamp was this in the video
  2. @maskeddaimo [1 likes]: Giving away videos so casually like that. The submarine sounds interesting
  3. @nicholaskeana4935 [1 likes]: Can't wait for the Beeg Borgar
  4. @thenether2823 [1 likes]: first

- Zero to Hero: Mr Beast explains how failure helped him win: Kind: captions Language: en so you talk about failure is that really like kind of what bums you out is that like what puts you in those places where you feel burned out when a video like you have to scrap a video or uh no not really it's just usually for me it seems like eight or nine days of like going super hard in a row I'm just like ah I can't take this it's like an energy thing yeah I need like some time off like give me like a half a day or a day like let me get my sanity back and then we'll go right back at it so it's usually just like it's a feeling like the the part part I think is hardest for me is like you know I can't Outsource filming and for us to upload consistently you can even see our upload schedule on that wall see like every week coming up the yellow Notepads for uploading a video you know the average video takes six days for us to film so we're going to do weekly uploads I got to be filming at least six out of seven days and the other day you know feasts needs me this needs me that needs me and so you get in this cycle where it's like okay like I need to spend a little bit time with my girlfriend it's like well I can't do that and then I need to do this or you know occasionally there are things I want to do like I want to watch a show or whatever and like 5 days go by and it's like oh still just grinding sorry and then seven and like eventually you're just like ah I feel like a little puppet like you know these things are kind of cool I wish I could just like have time to do it and then I'm like screw it and I'll spend half a day or whatever doing some of these things pinned up that I wanted to do and then just go right back to it and just wait till that moment that makes it's not a healthy way at all to do any of this I've just found for me which is I probably a bad thing but just giving into my impulses and doing what they tell me to do has worked well and when I try to have a regimented structure lifestyle it's just not fun and like you have to have some level of enjoyment if you're going to like grind every single day for crazy hours for 20 years straight you know

  Top Comments:
  1. @Call_Me_Troy [2 likes]: Hard work and a LOT of luck!!!

- Why I Stopped Playing Video Games - Video Game Commentary: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? I decided to do a throwback video and uh do a video game commentary. That's literally what the first 300 probably 350 videos on this channel are are just simply video game commentaries. And that's honestly how I got my first six probably 7,000 subscribers. Uh, you know, a huge part of this channel is video game commentaries. It's what a lot of you guys used to know me as. And so, I decided to make a video talking about why I stopped playing video games. And what better way to do that than talking over video games I used to play a long time ago. So, I guess I should start off by saying Call of Duty was the first video game I ever really got into. And of all the time I've ever spent playing video games, probably over 90% of it has been gone has been put into Call of Duty. Uh, that's just the first game I ever got addicted to. And once Call of Duty started dying off, like Advanced Warfare, that game sucked. My love for video games died off. And really the last year I played video games, I was purely playing them just for footage for YouTube. Like I've I it slowly over the years it went from I I love video games and because I love video games, I made YouTube videos to I love YouTube and because I love YouTube, I'm going to continue playing video games just so I can keep posting stuff about them. Um you if you watch my videos, you can see that transition. Advanced Warfare, I hated it. And that just that killed it. That just, you know, killed my passion for video games. if I passion is the correct word. I guess addiction to video games. Uh I don't like I don't care if you play video games. I'm never going to you know hate on anyone for playing them. I feel like though now that I'm kind of grown up, I'm almost 18. Feel like there's better ways to spend my time. Like I really don't need to be spending 15 hours a week uh playing video games. I feel like video games just playing them in general doesn't benefit me. But you know that's hypocritical because I spent so many years playing it and you know I sit behind a computer editing YouTube videos for hours every day. But, you know, to me, I can justify, you know, spending hours making YouTube videos cuz, you know, I'm growing a YouTube channel. I'm growing, you know, you know, but just sitting behind uh my TV playing video games. I don't know. I just can't really justify spending hours upon hours doing that every week. And I'm not trying to come off as the most productive person cuz I definitely do tons of things that are waste of time that I shouldn't do. But, uh, video games was one of those things I just put too much time into and it really doesn't benefit my life, you know? So, that was one of the bigger reasons why I stopped. And that's one of the reasons I made the transition from doing video game commentaries like I'm doing now to IRL videos because once I, you know, once I started hating video games, I wasn't going to be one of those people that just kept going with it. I, you know, I loved YouTube, so I just had to make that switch. I was like, I don't play video games anymore. I just got to stop uploading them and start doing IRL videos. Which caused, you know, a lot of drama at first. A lot of people are like, I don't like IRL videos. Do video games. But I think a lot of people would agree now that uh my IRL my in real life videos are like way better than these video game commentaries. These are just so generic. It's not original and it's really hard to become known on YouTube doing video game commentaries. They've just it's too generic. It's not unique at all. You can't get anywhere doing this in 2015. Wow. This video's already been going on for 3 minutes. These commentaries are definitely a lot easier to do. Like I roll videos, they take so much time to edit and stuff. this. I just got to record the audio and slap it on some gameplay. These are a lot easier to make and I can tell that's why a lot of people want to post video game commentaries because honestly they're just lazy and they know these are super easy to do. But uh anyways, I'm not trying to call anyone out. I will say though like um I I do play a couple video games occasionally still. Like I didn't cut cold turkey. I uh I play Boom Beach on my phone. I actually really enjoy that app. I spend about you know 5 10 minutes a day on that. And then on top of that, I occasionally play a casual game of League of Legends. Um, I don't know. I really enjoy League of Legends still. And uh, you know, so I still spend about an hour to two hours a week playing video games, but it's nowhere near like the 20 plus hours I'd put in every week. And I feel like um I don't I feel like it's a good decision. And I feel like, you know, not sitting behind my computer or not, not not sitting behind my TV playing Call of Duty 20 hours a day is actually, you know, benefiting me cuz I do other things like make YouTube videos and YouTube money. But, uh, yeah, I don't know. Like, like I said, I didn't like completely cut them. I still occasionally play casual Game of League, and I'm not against video games. I just feel like there's more productive things you could be doing if at all possible, you could give them up. And, uh, that's pretty much that. Hopefully you guys enjoyed the throwback commentary. Let me know what you think. And that's the video. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @王梦-u3u [6 likes]: Is anyone else here?
  2. @2006_RP [4 likes]: 67k views 🥀
  3. @StGumba [1 likes]: 67
  4. @sarthakagrawal1624 [1 likes]: Start of beast era 0:19
  5. @jordanjoelheath: 6…probably 7 thousand…😂😂
Get it. 
Cuz.
67.
I know I’m unc it’s okay 😭 0:13
  6. @yeahasanulhaque: MrBeast, love from Bangladesh. pls donate 100K so we can pay off our family loan.🇧🇩🇧🇩❤🥰🥰
  7. @wadiesama: So this is changed everything
  8. @4C4CX7: I love video games!
  9. @UnhingedMomentum: Happy 10 years!
  10. @AmbarBau: Here under a decade 🙋‍♀️
  11. @SushilAdhikari-s2x: 432 Million
  12. @DoctorSoap_Sing: 340
  13. @tienat3852: Hello đây là video thứ 341 ❤❤❤
4/1/2025
  14. @noobiumbaconate: Games suck these days anyway
  15. @Jordan4U: Why
  16. @patrickcandanedo7349: COD MOBILE❤️😎⚙️
  17. @Yenexs1788: I Have a Wish...
  18. @crisreina4954: Go Go go xD
  19. @AngelRamses-qn7ul: Goat 💯
  20. @IvanOmar-dr1gx: Hola

- Extreme Rooftop Parkour Escape!: Kind: captions Language: en - Today we will be reacting to the most insane parkour jumps ever. Now Chris, leave the room. - Bye. - As you'll see, there is $10,000 in cash. Every single time Chris says a certain word while we film this video, you will lose a hundred dollars. What is that word? - But. - You could have picked zebras. You could have picked any word. - No, can I change it? - Get out of here. - Can I change it, please? - Go away, go away. Chris! Every time you say this word, Nolan loses a hundred bucks. - I will be a chatterbox. - Now, on to the point of the video, extreme parkour jumps. - Whoa! These are very cool and exciting. And the jumping is really, really cool. - Oh, you're just trying to make Nolan lose the money. - Yeah, I just want Nolan to lose money. Whoa. - Oh! - That's not safe. - I love when people do this, He like slides on the side of the building. - Oh, okay. I thought you just meant you like it when people jump off roofs. - No, no, I do not love when you jump off a building. - Don't jump off of buildings to make Jimmy happy. Hey, how many times have I said the word? - So far you haven't said the word a single time. - No way. So when it's my mom, you make it hard and still, - Nolan picked the word. - You let Nolan pick the word? - The word is not zebra. - Corn. - It's not corn. - Butter. - It's not butter. - That's the only thing I think Nolan would make it. Hey, you could just normally go down the stairs or you could just get butt-burned. - Yo, why is it that every escalator I go on has these little ring things. - The safety things to catch your nards. - Why can't I find one? - America, stop being so lame. - That would be so much fun. Hey, every escalator that I go down get rid of those little circle things. I would love to go down like that. - Hey, these are poles. - Those are french fries. - They're like the crinkle cut french fries. I don't like crinkle cuts. I like McDonald's style. You know where it goes, The ceiling got shorter that's not on me. - All right, let's see what he does. - That's impressive. - Now how does he get back? - Swimming. - Oh, what the heck? - That's tall. - I'm just, why? - Why would you ever do that? - Michael Jordan, help us out. - Stop it, get some help. - No. - That's sketch. I mean, all it takes is one of those to just collapse 'cause somebody didn't build it properly. You're putting a lot of trust in people who build buildings. They don't think that people are gonna' be running on 'em. Hey. - Slow-mo jumps. - Parkour, but with a bike. Love bike-a. - Yo, that was a good flip. - Good thing the cardboard was already there. - If that cardboard wasn't there, who knows what would've happened. - They would've had to get their hoodies dirty. You're saying I could, - Actually, one of the things you said earlier was pretty close to what it is. - We'll keep going. - Noted. Oh, it's a Beatles reference. - I guarantee you 99% of the people watching this have no idea who The Beatles are. - I feel like they would, The Beatles are pretty popular. - They at least know who they are but they've never heard a single song. - Oh yeah, but everybody knows like the Abbey Road thing. - I guess I'm not everybody. All right, you got a plane ticket. - Oh gosh, you're running late. Grab that bag, get it outta' here. Hey, this guy. What the heck. - Oh, he's blocking the whole thing. Well, at least you gotta' see his Red Bull logo. - Yeah I was about to say, is this sponsored by Red Bull? Uh-oh, TSA. Wait a minute. Wait, so now you're running from security. Best case scenario you still make your flight, you're going to jail. No, not somebody's luggage. They take such gentle care of, you could have just gone. - Wait, wait. - That's a real plane. - Wait, I don't care about the real plane. Wait, hold on. As you see here, he could just take an immediate left and be up the stairs. Watch what he does. Why? He wasted so much effort. - Chris, he is in a hurry. This is all as efficient as possible. This is not just to look cool. - That's fair. What were you saying about a real plane or something? - Well, that is a real plane there. So maybe this is a real airport. - It is, yeah, it's a real airport. They weren't connected yet. Wow, I think that gets you on a no fly list. - You know what? Honestly, let's give him first class. - And then he sits by this, okay. - Dinosaur, I love these. We walked into a mall with a hundred of these and got kicked out. - Like, 3 times. - But it was fun. - We actually did this as well. We went to a trampoline park with them. But that video never saw the light of that day. - It did never see the light of day. Here's the thing, it's hot in those things - Excruciatingly. - And when you do it when it's 90 degrees out. - Ball soup. - Ain't no one having fun. - Butt soup. - Wait, you just said the word. Nolan just lost another hundred bucks. Actually, according to the counter you've said it 3 times. Nolan's lost 300 bucks. - No, 5. - 500 now. - Analyzing, ball soup. Butter, ball. - Just a dinosaur climbing rope. - How am I supposed to think when that's going on? - All right, so what's he gonna' do? - Oh, he's gonna' ninja run across it. He doesn't look, - I don't wanna' see this in slow-mo. - That's why, he didn't look confident. - All right, Assassin's Creed. English Empire's chasing them. - The English Empire? - Is that not it? - I guess so, I mean. - Lame! - Lame, they're just scooting across a bus. This is cool. This is real parcool. - Parcool? - Parcool. - Play it in slow-mo. - Play it 10 times Sometimes I misspeak. - 10,000 times. It happens. - All right everyone type out a comment. now that we're all on the same page that Chris screwed up, we can continue. - All right, yeah, these guys, I like it, I mean. - Oh. - Okay, should've started and it was only 1 second. - So was the English chasing them or were they chasing the English? - They chased them into an alley where no one would see and they just were like, oh, guy doing a flip. - Wait, 1, 2, 3. - Whoa, I tried to do 1 one time and landed on my neck and they thought I was gonna' die. - He is more alpha. - Congratulations, you win the more alpha than Chris award. - Hey, it's not a very hard award to win. - So he's trying to make it across his house without touching the ground. Me: touch the floor in your house win $10,000. Chandler. - That's a good meme, that's a good meme. - I wonder what his wife thinks. - She's probably the one filming it and she's like, "Yeah, Babe, you got it!" He's like, "Okay, Wife, I wanna' do this to the house. What do you think?" Also, do people refer to their wife as wife? - I do. Wife, I've arrived. Fetchith me my clothes. - I don't know if you said the word but I'm gonna' take away a hundred dollars just 'cause it's Nolan. I could do this. I can walk on my hands for minimum like five minutes. - Prove it. You have to do it while we watch this next video. - Are you ready for this? It's gonna' be hard in here. - Oh my, dude I saw this clip on Twitter. Where he just jumped off the bridge. Hey, I'm trying to react if you don't mind. You said five minutes. - It's kinda' hard in this room. I don't even know if I'm on tape anymore. - Oh, oh! He knocked one of our monitors off. - It's hard in this room. - Yo, look how red his face is. All right, shut up, Chris, we're watching a guy run. - But our monitor fell. - Oh wait, wait. When you were doing that, you said the word. Also, this guy just fell over and weaseled down. - But that's what he was supposed to do. Hold on, I gotta' get on my box. - So that, - You said the word again. - Is it box? - Shut up, this guy's climbing a stairway. - This is impressive. I'm winded just from doing one thing and these guys are like doing everything. - Wait. - The physics involved in that. Oh my gosh, that's insane. - Oh wait, were they about to kiss? - Yeah. What would happen if we kissed on the parkour park? - I don't know, you wanna' go try it out? - We don't have a parkour park. - You also have a wife. - Wife. Oh, I can do this. Not two, but I can do one. - Wait, slow-mo. - One. - I can do that, easily. Oh, I can't do that. That's insane. - You know what you can do. - What? - Cost Nolan a hundred bucks. - Okay, hold on. Why am I not remembering what the word is? Am I stupid? - You didn't say it there. - You didn't disagree with me about the stupid thing. - I have a reason for not disagreeing. All right, when you're on the playground, the teacher says recess is up. - You're like, nope, I'm gonna' keep going. - Could you imagine running from your teacher like this? - I've always said that, but with cops. I just wanna' run away from 'em one time. Like if they would let me. - All right, Chris, we got 30 seconds left, quick, make Nolan lose money. - Boy, ball, bro. - It's a body part. - Oh, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt. - It's not butt, or maybe it is butt, you got 3, - Butt. - 2. - 1. - Butts. - All right, it was butt. - Let's go, we beat Nolan. Yeah! - Nolan! All right, come on in, Nolan. So here's the thing at the end, I don't know how he did it, Chris just magically pieced the word together. - You figured it out? - I did. - And so at the end, he was spamming the word but, and so you only won $5,100. - Hey, still, that's a lot of money. You talk a lot, but that's pretty good. - Hey, appreciate it. - Well, here you go, Chris was intent on stealing money. He only got about half of it. Go enjoy it. - Thanks. - And Chris, outro - Do-do-do

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeastReacts [30000 likes]: Are you subscribed?
  2. @Dashflashin [3 likes]: I am subscribed
  3. @nicolasGuima-g7v [1 likes]: Parcool
  4. @emmanueltavares7943 [1 likes]: QUIMASA
  5. @MrSinujoy: imagine if he missed
  6. @cruzalbertoalcasalban4882: Parcool
  7. @javierpaulino407: Parcool i mean😅
  8. @javierpaulino407: Parcooo
  9. @JazielRivas-v8g2h: Parcool
  10. @MdJulfikar-w2p: Good 0:06
  11. @missybohr5545: Parcool
  12. @69matias: Parkour
  13. @juanmanueluribecano8062: Noquesiiporta
  14. @Артём-ъ3ч4ц: Все будет паркруто.
  15. @GODZILLA-u1c: Hahahahaha wow bro parcool snt even a word hahahaha
  16. @ДмитрийСкулкин-е6л: ahaha parcool😅
  17. @SofiaRodríguez-v2x: 😢
  18. @leonardohenrique6134: Then you ask yourself... What if I fell?
  19. @MusdiMoja: Asu
  20. @Scp_fan_rp: 1:42 я также так делаем только не прыгаем так далеко

- NO ONE SAW THIS COMING..: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, you're donating. Oh, I saw that. So, yeah, yesterday driving home from my dad's house and I see that I get added into a call with Hassan, Mr. Beast, Logan, Paul, Aiden Ross, and XQC. And I'm like, all right. All right, I'll join this one. >> We know you got Hey, >> what is this? Hi. Hello. Hi, guys. >> Hey, nice to meet you. Uh, I'm Jimmy, Mr. Beast. Yeah, there's this uh charity thing called Team Water where every dollar donated is a year of clean water for someone in need. your your friends here were saying you were a very generous um soul. >> Are you really going to do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at the McDonald's drive-thru, man. This is going to happen to me. Just give me a number, Jimmy. >> All right, so Jinxy Logan, they both just committed 100 grand and >> 100K. No way. >> Look guys, here's the thing. I'm about actually I don't know why this guy like how does it take this long to pay for McDonald's? >> I see tweets all the time about how you're the most watched Twitch streamer. Like watch time every month. You're like crushing it. >> And you know what? You know how much I get paid for that? 17 cents is a big day for me. I'll I'll donate. I'll donate, Jimmy. I'm not going to donate $100,000. I'm going to be honest. That's a lot of money. >> You're putting people on the spot. Put me on the spot, too, man. And And now I'm broke >> on that spot. Y'all tried to make me look like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what's going on. I know what's going on here. >> Asen, I got an idea for you. If we do a stream, me, you, Aiden, we put that day, we do a whole stream together, right? All of us combined, and we just donate that amount to that. >> I will say this. I would do it. >> Hey, hey, I got to go, guys. Send me the info. Asen. Pleasure to meet you. >> Yeah, you too, man. >> See you. >> Bye, guys. You're doing God's work, Jimmy. >> All right, Logan. Thanks, sweetie. Thanks, Asmin. >> Yep. Yep. I'll see you later. >> And I'm like, "Oh, now they're trying to get me to donate a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money. 100k. That's a lot of money, man. I should have donated like 400 bucks." But yeah, guys, I'll go ahead. I'll lay it down. I should have told them that I would donate the amount of money that I made from Twitch from ads this month. You guys want to know how much that total amount of money would be? the total amount of ad revenue made. Uh, let's see. How much are they getting? $1.78. Nobody's seeing ads for me. I'll tell you that. If somebody's seeing ads for me, I'll say the n-word again. Okay, don't worry about it. I'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say it. >> No, Twitch. He means nuclear. It's in the nuclear sense. >> The N word used in a nuclear sense. That's the worst thing that can

  Top Comments:
  1. @seen-w [2 likes]: honestly such a scumbag move by the beast
  2. @ALLDAY-1312 [1 likes]: He is right. 100k is crazy lmao 😂
  3. @SpectraPhantom-q1j [1 likes]: My answer would have been no and f you jimmy
  4. @thumbzcodmobile: Damn bro just realized I never see an ad on this channel holy shit asmond is truly the best to ever do this shit
  5. @andreasapelqvist9247: Sorry for the delay guys at mcd. Mr beast needs 100k from me
  6. @PassionataDance: Asmongold is the only one I respect out of that bunch. The rest of them are degen retards.
  7. @OsheaJones-j7e: 😂🤣🎧
  8. @AVGWEENER: *and then to be immediately asked if you want to round up your order for charity*
  9. @MistahEX: Never have i imagine a day would come xqc is the most reasonable guy in that discord call.
  10. @Fak3CakeMusic: The absolute last person you wanna bait into virtue signalling, what were they thinking? 😂
  11. @Mickeehansson: one cannot go through life, and not love asmongold, that guys is us all combined, all love man
  12. @travelreview5962: Asmond I wish you wouldn't have sent them a dime but thank you for calling them out. You realize what's going on right? Mr.Beast set some crazy goal for how many people he was going to help and now if he wants to get even close to it he's realizing it's going to cost 100x what he thought and then he said you know what? I'm not paying this sh*t, I pay all the time, I'm going to make these motherfückers pay and they'll do it bc I'm the big dick in the room. Super super super messed up, no manners, absolutely ridiculous.
  13. @epikbaconb9780: I wish there was a way toute someone talking in a video so I don't have to hear mr breast yap
  14. @coltonbrown3907: Logan was so thankful asmond called out his BS
  15. @the.komoru: The most based and honest streamer. 😂❤️
  16. @it1970: Despite being highest watchtike streamer he's not even top 50 most subbed streamer
  17. @jpkaramanolis: If Mr Beast asked for ANY amount, I'm sure more people would willingly donate... But shaming them in front of his audience, forcing them to donate huge amounts of money is just ridiculous
  18. @cirellio: Never donate under pressure. Always DEEPLY research charities before parting with money. Better to donate to local churches and friends and family in need than some clandestine "foundation" or "charity", especially one backed by the likes of Mr. Beast.
  19. @cursedimageseveryday5559: The sleeaziness I get from this interaction my god...he really was pressuring a guy who's dad is going trough cancer to donate to charity because in corporate language "now is the right moment" 
This shit makes my stomach turn
  20. @bandobaby82: Mr Beast has a nice guy fetish. He can't stand himself not being the "good guy". 
Falls in line with a certain group of people who created finance and own the media

- Most Skilled Workers In The World!: Kind: captions Language: en - This is a video of the best workers on the planet. - The best. - Like this guy who can make a whopper in under one second or this person who can do the job of a hundred people. - That's crazy, we should hire him. - All right, so we have a bus boy cleaning a table, bro. This dude's cleaning at like his life's on the line. - He's sonic and he is speed - For some reason this reminds me of like a battle in Naruto. I wanna go there and order a hundred pancakes but each on a different plate. So then he has to pick up all of them. I wanna see a God in action. - Oh, this is the type of stuff I like. This is working smarter, not harder. - No way, is this how you actually do it? - This is how you break things if you want to. But this guy got lucky. - That is probably the coolest thing I've ever seen. I wonder if it costs less to hire him because he doesn't need a real truck. - It probably calls more to insure him because there's a good chance he's gonna break something. - Bro is moving. - Oh my goodness. Oh, it's firefighter truck. - Oh, snap. - We assume he's a firefighter. He could just be a guy who really likes climbing ladders. - We? You! - Sorry. - All right. This is the fastest Whopper ever made. - I'll be the judge of that. Actually, that person with the clock will be the judge of that. - Look at him, his positioning, his face. That is intense focus. We're about to witness history. - Oh, ketchup fell over part of his plan. See, now it's ready. Oh my God, it was ready for the squirt. - Yes. - I would say I'm impressed, but Burger King sucks. Go order Beast Burger it's 30 times better. - Burger Kings do Beast Burger better. - Oh my God. - Oh, that's sick. - Oh - He's just popping off. - If I saw that, I would just walk up to him and give him a $50 bill. - Yeah, I have a strong urge to give him tons of money. I wonder what's gonna happen. Oh wait, that's not what I thought would happen. I thought they were about to pop off. - This man knows physics, geometry, and math. He's unstoppable. You know what's more impressive than that guy who's clearly forklift certified? - Who? - This rectangular ice cream cone. What is this? - I got it. Circular ice cream cone. This ice cream goes up to the edges when it melts, it drips down the side. It's sticky and it sucks. This one, it drips into the box. - Yeah, it's like a bathtub. - It is. It's like an ice cream cone bathtub. - Oh my God, this is genius. - Whoa, it's still going. - Look at that. And he made a sword with it. This guy's smart. I've always thought about doing this, but I've never done it - Until he falls. - I like the music. It makes it feel like I'm watching a Disney princess - Making a fence. - They make it with sand. Oh my God. That's so genius. Cause then they can just pour. That's Minecraft. But real life. - That's cool. This is the world's best cucumber chopper. - I've already sliced my hands a thousand times if this was me. - Wow. - That's paper thin. - Here's the problem. Cucumbers tastes horrible. - Whoa. Oh, when the clip said a bunch of men pounding on the title card, I thought something else. This is cool. - More importantly, where's that spike going? Are they like literally nailing the parking lot to the earth? - I know what they're doing. They're building experiences together. - Losers. Window cleaning contests. I wouldn't believe if it's real if there wasn't a giant banner in the background. - You're not telling me you're not a big fan of the International Window Cleaning Association. - IWCA? - It's just a bunch of old dads. This guy's good though. Marty's killing it. Yeah! - Cleaning up dishes. - He's making a flower. - Somebody's dad. He's making a flower. I strive to be that annoying of a dad. - Wow That's impressive. That's someone who loves their job. - [TikTok ker} Got something new for y'all. I am super proud of this one. - Is that toilet paper? - I'm going to call the mega multiverse combo. - Oh, I did not know where that was. Oh my God, that is insane. - Wait so he tie dyed that? - He tie dyed that with rubber bands in certain ways that those patterns would get on the shirt. - Some would say, Epic. Oh, it's the attractive guy that hits wood. - I see the comments all the time. Everybody's mom is on this guy's TikTok page. Oh, he's ripping it this time. Nice. - Moms, leave a comment on the video. I really want to get our mom demographic up a little bit. Bobcat Pro driver. - Whoa, he nice with it? - Oh, oh. - Bro, why is this guy so good? I would love to see what jobs he gets hired for. - I'd hire him for a circus. Hey, let's watch this guy work with his wood. - Wait, no, that's not his wood. That's a piece of wood. - Oh, is this a bed post? - That or a lampshade. - We'll never know. - You will forever wonder and never get the answer. Ever. Good luck sleeping tonight. - Oh yeah. I did this as a kid with my four wheeler. I lived in the country. I had a four wheeler. We didn't have these fancy go-karts. That's pretty innovative. - Fun fact, I heard that go-kart. Speeding past my house at 3:00 AM last night and I looked out and Carl was doing donuts in my front yard. - Bro, why don't I get invited to the adventures? - I guess you just gotta be there when Carl has his 3:00 AM adventures. Whoa. He said physics pause for one second. I gotta look cool. Okay, it touched his finger on the last one. Did anybody see it pour down his finger and go into the drink. - Oh wow, I'm still taking the shot. Of great juice, shot of great juice. - I mean, I could trim a bush like this, I feel like I don't feel like this one's any special. Show me a penguin or a giraffe. - Oh, he missed a spot. - He missed a spot. - He missed his spot. - He's about to hit that spot. - Hit the spot. - Hit that spot right there. Yeah, there we go. - I almost ended the video. This person's cutting up some food. - They have pretty hands. Is that Chandler? - Today we are making HelloFresh stir-fried tacos. - Wait, since when can Chandler cook? - With the sponsors video, HelloFresh. Anyone in the world can cook. They have 30 different weekly recipes that you can choose from to have delivered to your doorstep. HelloFresh even cuts down on food waste over using grocery store. And most importantly, you save time and money. Instead of ordering delivery, going to a restaurant or a grocery store, just use HelloFresh, instead. If you don't know what to cook or just in general wanna upgrade your meals, go to hellofresh.com right now and use code reacts65 for 65% off. Plus it's free shipping. No reason not to. - Do it. Look how good that food turned out. If Chandler can make food like that, anyone can make food like that. So go to hellofresh.com and use code reacts65 for 65% off and free shipping whenever we finish this video. Let's go eat at Chandler's house. - As long as he's making HelloFresh. Building a cell tower. - How'd they get up there? Oh my goodness. - Old man with ten lawnmowers. - This is probably the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life. - This is the smartest old man in the entire world. - This guy pulls up to your front door, demands your girlfriend. What's you doing? - It's hers. I mean, it's his, I don't know. I'm so confused by these lawnmowers. He can have whatever he wants. He can have the house. My dog. The yard. - Wait, what's going on here? - Drift. - Drift acholic. Yeah, this guy's good at parking. This is the most British thing I've ever seen a man getting excited about parallel parking. They're playing Minecraft IRL, put the Minecraft music over it and then when he puts it in the wheelbarrow, make the chest sound. That's funny now. Lighting a lighter with an excavator. - No way. - What? - How did he do that? That is so cool. - Why did he have to use seven phones as a table? Couldn't he use like a rock or something? - He just borrowed everyone's like, Hey everyone, gimme your phones. - Give me your phones. I need them, they might break. This guy needed a trim bad giving a good shear call him Ed Shearing. No - That's not the same person. There's no way that's the same person. Hold on. It is! He made that guy look like a completely different person with that haircut. Wow, that's wild. They say the hair makes the man. - Wait what happens here? - He's destroying the,- - The ceiling he's on. - But he's on a crane. He's like, I'm free. It's Jason Bourne. I feel like I can do that. - Delivering your food on time. - I want to go here right now. - Hey bro. It's the hundred pancakes I ordered earlier. - They're finally here. - One for a bowl. Oh my gosh. I didn't even know this was here. - Let's go, with the call back of a century. - Whatever this restaurant is, bring that guy in. He can clean it up quick. - I'm leaving whatever this job can be considered to go be a rollerskate- - You don't work here. - Yeah, you're right. They just keep unlocking the door and let me back in. - I give him free food. - That's gotta be in Japan. And why do we live in America, man? Look, they got it figured out. - But is she drawing? - Is she better with her feet or with her hand? - She's doing them all at the same time. - The ones with her hand are so photorealistic. - There's no way this is real. I, I refuse to believe it. If this is real, it is factually the coolest thing I've ever seen and I've said that many times in this video. Zoom in on the bottom right one. She drew that with her foot while drawing with her other foot. You have no talent compared to her - I, you're right. - Neither do I. - This looks like a really good way for a customer to be like all right I'm walking out and then just bang, tire. - Using a water shield. - Oh, that's cool. Oh, it was like a propane tank that was on fire. So he is using the water to shield the fire so he can turn it off. Genius. Where do you, where did he get that fire from? - I don't know where the fire came from. - He is Prince Zuko. Refueling an RC car. Oh, this is one of those cars that runs off of like pure alcohol. That's why they're so fast. Look at that thing. - Remind you, when we tried to push a car with RC cars. Oh my god. - Wait, is that really how they film? - Wow, he is really good at that. - He might just put Tariq out of a job. So the wasps were just like standing there. It's like the wasps are paid actors. - Well, I think the wasp for like God wouldn't intervene between the fights of wasp and bees and then God's like. Makes sense. - Funny pan sound. Is it the spin and drummer guy? Yeah. Go drum guy. - Would you say he's the best drummer in the world? - I would say he's probably the dizziest drummer in the world. - Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. If you haven't already subscribed. - Please. - Right now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ชยางกูรภูเงิน [1 likes]: 67
  2. @exhibicionregionalmexicali5014 [1 likes]: 7:47 estaba en reversa
  3. @AndersonBrilliant [1 likes]: That makes sense to have a square shaped ice cream cone. 1:48
  4. @AndersonBrilliant [1 likes]: That’s a good video game console reference. 0:53
  5. @bidhanhowladar1895: Wow❤
  6. @MdJulfikar-w2p: G😮
  7. @juansanchez-pascualairula2601: p
  8. @Yaren-u7u: Lassa is turkish 7:48
  9. @JoaoNeto-wq4qi: “ he’s making a flower”
  10. @judyberry8509: 4:45 “THeY hAvE pReTTy HanDs..”. “Oh Wait.. it’s CHANDLER!?!”
  11. @kayrizzle7357: Mom here🎉
  12. @YoungmiPark-z7b: 저는 한국사람 입니다.
  13. @trooper8443: I love water burger
  14. @ChetanAnand-d4l: i love mr beast  i am from  india
  15. @JumantoRafa: Timun enakkoh
  16. @marthaluzalvanlopez8357: No
  17. @Gamer_ismail-v3x: 1:21 This person is TURKISH
  18. @sboyko538: что,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  19. @sboyko538: что
  20. @Vinash-z9m: OMG

- Extreme Try Not To Laugh Challenge!: Kind: captions Language: en - Chris and Chandler both have five lives and every time they laugh in this video, they lose one. - I don't wanna die. - I'm not laughing. - And whoever has the most lives at the end of this video, move, wins whatever's in this briefcase. - What's inside it, Jimmy? - It's an amazing, super expensive, insane, one of kind prize that you wanna win. - I wanna win it. He said it. I want it. - Yo. - Stop. - She just said stop like it was okay. - He said no. - Bro, we're trying to free you. - Oof. Oh, wait, what? - Bill! - How many drinks are in there? - Wow. - I'm trying so hard not to laugh. - Let it out. - Oh, I've seen this. Let. - You thought. - Seen that one. - This is my impression of 40th president of the United States, Ronald Reagan, attempting to communicate through the mortal coil but the only open channel is through your Wiimote. Well I'm in hell. - All right, we got Chandler for sure. - There was so oddly specific and it really did actually sound like that. - Both the boys lost life, we must continue. - See, yeah, this is funny. Can't even eat in Ohio, bro. What is going on in Ohio right now? - Oh my gosh. When your husband asks to bring home a piece of cake from the neighbor's kid's birthday. Ha. - Oh. - Oh okay, I like that. - That's not funny, that's painful. - She better wake up right now, I'm so hungry. - Ain't no way she's falling asleep. - That's why you should eat at Beast Burger instead of Subway. - That's not funny. - Don't laugh. - Walt, was it a laugh? - Yes. - According to referee Walt, they both just lost another life. - Can we ask the committee to review that? - Sure. - Can you guys review that? - No. - Argh, prick. That's how I feel right now 'cause I was trying to make Chandler laugh. - Wait, show me what to do. - No I'm not gonna do it now, I'm not dumb. Go away, ew, ew. - Brayden, go back in your bed. - What you doing if Tucker pulls that? - We're gonna have to go sit down with a therapist and have a long conversation about how we deal with emotions. Are you okay, buddy? You doing all right? Talk, say something, react, it's a reacts channel. - I'll cry. - I'm here. - Oh my god, Mike Tyson would love that pigeon though. - Look at his eye. - We just witnessed a murder. Good thing they paused it. - If they didn't pause it we would've seen something bad happen. - Well something would've happened to that bird. But since they paused it, the bird's fine. - I actually said this to Chris. - Yeah you're gonna have to do better. - I accurately found what you guys like. He sent it you 'cause you liked it. - Here's the thing, the one we saw originally, there's a change, it said, "What going on in Ohio." - Bring up Ohio at the end of the video. - Hey, what are you doing in here? I said don't come in here when we're recording. - Oh, that was a scam. - That had to have been fake, right? - That was, of course, fake. - Oh Jesus. - Have no fear, Spiderman is here. - Damn. Tom Holland got a little less attractive. - What happened? - I was bitten by a regular spider. - A radial spider. - I have the power of minutes left to live. - Hundreds gather today to say their final goodbyes to this fallen Louisville police officer, Dee Dee Mega Doo Doo. - Chandler has officially taken the lead. Come up here. Hey, you can laugh now. - Oh my God, she didn't realize it 'til after she said it. God damn, what was the name? - She's crazy. - Chandler, it is now your game to lose. Are you gonna rise to the occasion or are you gonna laugh? If you laugh, you lose. - All right, I'm never laughing. - If Jimmy was doing these videos, he would lose. Jimmy laughs at literally everything. The goat's a nice touch. That guy's muscular. That guy's not. - Beans. - But good for him. - Oh he missed the trick. You can't even break your board? - Can't even break his board. - Oh! What is this kid doing? - Why did the other one throw up? - What? - It's a little German kid, little German kids are hilarious. Yippee! Good, harder, more aggressive. - Cat, this is what you were made to do. - You can't throw a brick, it's too heavy. But a can of soup, you can really put some power into that, right? - Did he say that? - You didn't know that? - And this soup is just for my family, it's just for my family. - Ah! - What are you so mad about, you little sucker? - Let's see if the snake gets him. - What'd he say? - He bunked it. - These are very southern memes. - This a red neck thing? That was on purpose. - Yeah that was a little staged. - If I shoot you, you're in the clan. - Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please. - Does he make it? - Sorry, you didn't make it the clan. - I love those videos. - Is it gonna lift? - Refried beans. - Beautiful. - I didn't know that was a thing. I want it. - Oh, that's. I laughed. - He did laugh. - Wait, did he laugh? Play it back. - It is now tied 2-2, hey, screw what you're gonna say about that. - Wait, wait, wait, tutu is what a ballerina wears. - But the score's also 2 to 2. - Hey, you got a napkin? - Yeah I got you. - Why is he so close? - That's probably one of the best ones I've seen. - Thank you. - That one was really good. - Gosh, that's hard, this is so hard. - Banana. - Is he playing the- - Whoa! - Is the kid farting the whole way? - He was, he was farting the whole way. - What are the rules, Walt? Huh? Was there no laughing on that? - Walt, was there a laugh? - Chris laughed. - It was a little walking fart. - That little walking fart brought you down to your last life. - I don't wanna die, Jimmy. - Then stop laughing. You know what happens when you die? - I can't go to Ohio? - Ooh, collect his loot? - That was so hard not to laugh at. - Take a look at this nice break and a little love tap on the ten pin. - Little love tap. - Chris via just feeding it out to that 4 5 board down lane - And look at this pin action. Oh. - Ooh. Countries whose leaders pooped themselves in McDonald's. - Who did that? - That was good. - Are you a cowboy? - Aw, no way, I just laughed. - He laughed so he loses. - Walt, laugh? - Now you both have one life. - Does neither of you want the super secret one of a kind original crazy prize behind you? - Is it Mucinex 'cause I'm sick? - It's better than curing all the diseases on the planet. - I don't know if I'd say that. - It is. Whoever loses will regret it 'til the day they die. - Oh gosh, I'm never laughing. - My parents making sure 10 year old me is asleep. - Me playing my Game Boy Advance. - What they see. - I've seen this. - Hey, hey, hey, hey. - All right, why we looking at the coach? - Go. - You got it, kid. What if he just punches him? Is he going the wrong way? - What are you doing? Give me that. - Okay, I haven't done this since I was a kid. - What's in your hand? - It's a harmonica, mama. - What happened to my vase? - Yes! He did it. - Oh, Chris officially lost - He tried to play it off. - His final laugh. Chandler, are you ready for your one of a kind prize? - I'm ready. - What do you think's in here? - 20 grand. - A trip to Ohio. - Yes! Ohio! - Pre-paid tickets to Ohio. We have an Ohio shirt, an Ohio hat, we got some Ohio bumper stickers to go along with your tickets to Ohio. - I'm actually kinda glad I lost. - How excited are you? - This is not 20 grand. - See you in the next video. - Subscribe if you wanna go to Ohio.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanusabarrosdossantosbarro409 [1 likes]: EU MAIS  SOU BR
  2. @TRich1914: That must of hurt 3:54
  3. @ReelRewind-h7p: To be honest I watched this video from starting to the end and I didn't even laugh, not even once😎
  4. @Sutisabuatong: ส่วนเรื่องความสัมพันธ์ระหว่างการพิจารณาพระสมเด็จพิมพ์_😂จากการทำความ◌ึได้รับผลกระทบต่อสิ่งมีความสุขที่แท้จริงและเป็นที่
  5. @Sutisabuatong: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  6. @STX440Case: I live in OHIO.  :) really nice place ❤😊
  7. @DanteOrtegaUrbina: Pero mrbeast tienes que hacer un video si te ríes pierdes El perdedor tiene que bañarse con slime el ganador se ganará un premio
  8. @kanishqpaddolker: 2:25 Schrödinger's bird
  9. @ruby_byru: Mr Best is whit 0:19
  10. @shastik_mardastik: дор 4:12
  11. @이근영-s7i: 6:24 lol
  12. @beruangkepo_703: Brooooo,is ******(sensor) 😢
  13. @NaritChintanapramote: hi
  14. @AugustPancharoen: คุณลองดูภาพหลุดของคนไทยสิ
  15. @pupuFRIEND-l9f: o
  16. @mdmanna4574: Mr. Beast, I want to play games with you—any kind of game. My little brother and my little sister also want to join. You can give us any challenge, and we will accept your challenge.
  17. @mdmanna4574: Mr. Beast, I want to play games with you—any kind of game. My little brother and my little sister also want to join. You can give us any challenge, and we will accept your challenge.
  18. @user-wp5lp5ne2j: i eat the humburger anddd this bro
  19. @danreymendez5381: 4:00 mrbeasts saliva
  20. @formula1roblox8: I fell for the yes no

- Extreme Try Not To Laugh Challenge!: Kind: captions Language: en - This is a random subscriber and you just won $10,000, but every single time Chris laughs in this video, you lose 500. - Dude. - I'm sorry. - Okay. You can leave. Chris, don't laugh. - I will. - And we're gonna kick things off with this monkey driving a car. - Monkey driving car. - It's funny. - It is funny, laugh. - That's not $500 funny. - Our school just banned backpacks. I don't know if this was serious or not. - I saw this all over TikTok when this happened. - Yeah, but apparently a school banned backpacks and so people just using the weirdest things to carry - Oh. - Ruh roh. - It was the fishing net. Oh, I can't, I forgot this was a Try Not to Laugh. - $500 gone. - Hey Jimmy, you know what the best part is? - What? - It's not my money. - Yey. - But it is a random subscriber's money. - I'm sorry guys. - So we went bar hopping and somehow ended up here. What? - That's incredible. - This isn't even funny, this is cool. Wait, he's the dinosaur champion? - Look's it's got gloves on. Did you see it? - Slow down, Nae Nae. Oh, lord. - Why? - Somebody gone now. We need an ambulance. - We need an ambulance. - Come on now. - No, we're keeping it going. Stare at that screen. - Let's go. Automatic dog scratcher. If you own one of those, give it to me. - I want it. - Molecule by molecule. - Atom by atom. - Yeah. You can't gimme a SpongeBob. - The problem is you watch too much TikTok. - That's problem number one. - Give me a phone, I'm an uninstalling TikTok. - No, don't do that I'll lose my drafts. - What's the most random thing that triggers your dog? - The McDonald's theme song. - All right, five hundo gone. - That's not fair, it's a dog. Dogs don't count. - I think it counts. You wanna hold the money the subscriber lost? By the way, you should subscribe. Maybe Chris will care more about you and allow you to win money. - I probably won't. - If your door is weathered and warn, not only does it take away from your home's curb appeal, it could be taking away from your family's safety and security too. - You know what, hey, hey. You need both of these in, things are funnier... Put both of them in. You're not allowed to look away from the screen. These are funny Tiktoks, I don't care what he says. - You're kind of on Normy TikTok. - You're telling me this is Normy TikTok. That's what I thought, this is peak comedy. You're clearly laughing. - Mm mm. - You are laughing. - No, that's just a smile. - I'm eating a cannoli today and it's great, and I'm about to kill myself. - Ah, I knew it. Dude, everything's so much funnier when you have both of ear buds on. - I don't think that can go in. - Oh, it's going in $8,500 for . - Darn that cannoli. They want it so bad. - Oh, they're trying to get that french fry. Oh wait, you laughed. - That's... - That was a laugh. - I sneezed, that was a sneeze. - Here's $500 to wipe your nose. Don't wipe your nose on my money. Oh wait, you laughed again. - That doesn't count. - Yes. - Wait. Whoa, whoa. Do you just hate our subscribers? - I'm not the one laughing. - I love this clip. I love this clip. He opened that door like he pays bills. - Excuse me, sir. Excuse me. - Yo, he just ran on the wall. - Imagine owning a hotel and some guy just brings his monkey and it does this. - This is why we have to have rules because of people like you. - Your man might have the Star Wars Lego at Death Star but can he chug his sparkling water and not burp? - What? No way. There's just no way, that's impossible. The human gut isn't made to do that. - Oh my gosh. What do I do? - Yes. We got a laugh out of it. - What the frick was I supposed to do? I didn't know he was gonna smack his head. - 7,000 remain. - Hey guys, I was today years old when I learned how to flip a grilled cheese from my... - Look at that. - That's cool. - I'm looking. - That was a half laugh. - No, that was not half laugh. - That was a half, dude, we did this so they would subscribe to come be in videos, but if the subscriber walks away with $0 they're not gonna subscribe. - Guys, please subscribe. I'll try to stop laughing, I promise. Is that a turtle? - You're in the bike lane. - Ah, that was so funny. No way. Nadeshot, buddy. - Nadeshot. - I got Nadeshot's number, I'm gonna have to text him right now and remind him this exists. All right, I went on Jimmy Kimmel and they told me he was gonna shake my hand. And my greatest fear was he was gonna like try to dab me up or do anything else. I literally walked on stage like this, so he knew what we were doing. I walked up to him. I'm just like, "Hi, my name's Jimothy." Oh my gosh, I missed this game. - Nice play. Nice. - It worked. - It didn't work. - It worked to. It didn't, there's still the outer ring, it worked so well. - It did actually, the next person's screwed who does that. - Dude, I wanna play that game so... Can we go play after this? - I'll challenge you. - Deal. I don't know what's going on, but it's freaking hilarious. - The guys snoring and they're... - Oh, they're rowing to the snore? - Yeah, they're... - That's funny. - She made fun of me for getting Capri Suns and then she drank eight of my Capri Suns. - Facts. - You're in your twenties, and you're arguing over Capri Suns, dude. - Mom. Either you ground her or I fight her. So there's two options... - They are only two options. - Square up. - He's not, my husband is not going out like that. - It's his party. - It's a family party. - Oh, not only did he laugh but when he bent over, he kissed my hand. - That was my nose. - You laughed and you kissed my hand. - It was my nose. - That was the... - My nose. - I don't even care if you laugh, I'm removing $500 for the... - That was a half, removed the other 250 that was a... - It's a full laugh. - I breathed out my... I protest that. - I didn't ask to have my hand kissed. - Well nose bye this money. I couldn't make it funny, I tried. - It's not always about the money Spiderman. - It's about the Mets baby, the Mets. Hit a home run, let's go baby. Love the Mets. - Box of trash. - Gnarly. - You gotta go back inside after that. - All right, Hank. - Yes. Let's go. - I'll fight your brat. Come on, Bobby Boy. - I don't know you, well... ♪ Happy birthday... ♪ - Oh, they're gonna smack his face. - Nah, I hate when they do that. Oh, yo. - I gotta tell you, Tucker, I love you, bud. You do that? You ain't getting a sixth birthday. - Tucker, if you do that when you're older, I'll give you 10 grand. I don't care if you do it 10 years from now, remember this. - Okay, Tucker, nevermind. Do it. - Trate's ready to put 2018 in the rear view mirror and say hello to 2019. We also saw this dog with a... - It's the end of the year, everyone's celebrating and party. "Oh, by the way, this dog has a banana." - I just, there's nothing better than that dog with a banana. You just can't convince... - The dog was happy. - That's news right there. - Why are there so many banana clips? - Whoever put this together is a big banana fan. - Oh my God. Wait, yo, is this how I'm supposed to play Pinky? - Yeah. - Right now I just pet Pinky. I don't ever have battles to the death with my dog. - On the top of a skyscraper. - I know. - Yo dog, you good? Turn that front upside down. - Ah, dang. I thought we'd get a laugh in the last clip. - No, but it was close. - Which means our random subscriber has won $6,250. - Whoops. - I'll let you tell him. Come on in. So, how much money do you think is in here? - I want to say 9,000. - Ooh, that would be nice. - He must think Chris cares about him. - I do care about you, but the clips were funny. So it's only $6,250. Well enjoy your 6250. Thank you, man.

  Top Comments:
  1. @virgo_kopachiro [1 likes]: 0:49 The power of Kalimantan🗿
  2. @MahaveerSinghrathore95 [1 likes]: 3:47
  3. @lilianysparra8456 [1 likes]: 😂
  4. @lambbchopper [1 likes]: Fahhh,there 999klikes on thsi video
  5. @JuanCarlos-x6f8j [1 likes]: 4:26
  6. @JuanCarlos-x6f8j [1 likes]: 4:25 😊
  7. @DevanyHernández-c2t: BRO ME REÍ EN 6 TIKTOKS 😩
  8. @Laura-r5f5h: I didnt laugh
  9. @lilianysparra8456: Dame 60000$
  10. @Demax192: 2:32 и 3:12 не я ведь смеюсь
  11. @Amy-yd6gt: I’m subbed
  12. @ömerasafkrkrt: 6:33 perfect cell?
  13. @emmanueltavares7943: 😂
  14. @emmanueltavares7943: 🤣🎮📺
  15. @Pingu_salad_so_yum2014: 4:03 Spider man flip the sandwich😂
  16. @Алёша-ь6ь4ц: 0:12 это ай шоу спид
  17. @JuanCarlos-x6f8j: 4:25 4:26
  18. @JuanCarlos-x6f8j: El no se rrio? 😅 solo dijo jjjj 😅😅😅
  19. @JuanCarlos-x6f8j: 😭😭😭😭
  20. @AA-official-77: 3:25 Gorilla Tag IRL

- Mr. Beast's YouTube Growth Hacks Revealed|2024 📈. #mrbeast: Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered what makes Mr BEAST's YouTube channel such an Unstoppable Force What secrets lie behind the Staggering growth of a channel that has amassed millions of followers in just a few short years today we're going to delve into this fascinating Journey from humble beginnings to unimaginable success in the year 2010 a young North Carolinian named Jimmy Donaldson created a YouTube channel under the name Mr Beast 6000 the early days were filled with videos of game walkthroughs Minecraft let's play and a variety of random topics garnering only a modest following fast forward to 2015 and a shift began to occur Mr Beast started to experiment with different video Concepts focusing more on real life challenges and less on gaming content he began to gain traction with videos like counting to 100,000 Ines and reading the dictionary these unique time consuming stunts caught people's attention and the subscriber count began to rise the year 2017 17 marked a turning point for Mr Beast a video titled donating $30,000 to my favorite twitch streamer went viral and the world took notice this was the birth of the philanthropic stunts that would become a Cornerstone of the Mr Beast brand over the next few years Mr BEAST's Channel exploded with each video garnering millions of views his elaborate stunts big money giveaways and philanthropic Endeavors continued to escalate earning him a reputation as one of the most generous creators on the platform now that we've traced the journey let's distill the key strategies that have fueled Mr BEAST's YouTube growth firstly he embraced Innovation and creativity Mr Beast is not afraid to think outside the box often creating content that is unique daring and timec consuming this not only grabs attention but also sets him apart from the crowd secondly he understood the power of giving the philanthropy that is so integral to his brand appeals to the better nature of view viers making them feel good about watching and sharing his content thirdly he harnessed the power of virality Mr Beast knows what makes a video sharable and he consistently delivers on that front his knack for creating content that people want to talk about has been a driving force behind his growth lastly he engaged deeply with his community Mr Beast has cultivated a loyal fan base by interacting with his viewers listening to their feedback and making them feel valued in conclusion Mr BEAST's you yoube success is no accident it's the result of a Clear Vision Innovative content a generous Spirit a deep understanding of viral mechanics and a genuine connection with his audience these strategies have propelled him to the top of the YouTube world and they are lessons that any aspiring Creator can learn from so next time you see Mr BEAST's latest video trending remember the journey that got him there and the strategies that continue to drive his success

  Top Comments:
  1. @mavisdavis1997 [1 likes]: Promo`SM
  2. @hasaeducate4957 [1 likes]: Please if you like this video subscribe and hit the like button
  3. @welldone-d4h: Very pretty to watch and lesson and knowledge behind
  4. @ClaverMbanjineza: Great 🎉❤
  5. @MUHIRERoger-c9m: Keep it up brother
  6. @CMedia1: courage brother

- MrBeast's Insane Growth vs Nigahiga's Golden Era – Full Timeline: Kind: captions Language: en Down [music] [music] down down down down down [music] down down. >> [music] >> Heat. Heat. Heat. >> Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [music] down down down down down down down down. Heat. [music] [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. N. down down down down down down back down back down. [music] Down down down down down down down down down

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamMcNallyTV [2 likes]: GOOD BATTLE

- You’re Missing This One Mindset Shift | MrBeast Advice: Kind: captions Language: en Most people just aren't as obsessed with improving things. They get like pigeon holed in the box and they're like, "Oh, I just need to improve." I mean, this applies to everything, but I guess specifically content. They'll be like, "Oh, I just need to write better jokes or I need to have better camera or this." And then it's it's not it's just a mindset. Like every single every single thing can be improved. There's no such thing as a perfect video, you know, from I mean, you can go as low as you want to like the coloring to what you're wearing to you how you speak to how long the video is to I mean there's nothing that you can't improve. And so like just having that mindset where you're always trying to get better um and like applying that to everything across the board, not just narrowing in on this one little thing. Um but also with this honestly a lot of people are mentors, they just don't listen. So they they'll ask me for advice and like the ones who will listen, they'll take their revenue from like 30k to 400k a month or their goal subs whatever it is. I can show them how to hit it. But a lot of times people ask for advice I'll say and it'll be like in one ear and out the other and like so those are the worst.

- From 0 to 420M: MrBeast’s 10 YouTube Growth Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Yo, what's up legends? Today I'm not giving away a Lamborghini, an island, or a million dollars. I'm giving you something way more powerful. I'm giving you the exact 10 secrets that made me one of the biggest YouTubers on the planet. From filming videos in my bedroom with zero views, hitting over 410 million subscribers, launching burger chains, curing one zero zero zero blind people, and creating actual Squid Game in real life. None of it happened by accident. These 10 secrets, they are the blueprint, the cheat codes, the keys that unlocked everything for me. So, if you're dreaming of becoming a YouTube superstar, not just someone who uploads videos, but someone who breaks the internet, buckle up because what I'm about to tell you will change your YouTube journey forever. Let's jump into the 10 secrets that made me Mr. Beast a YouTube success. And if you're serious about this, stick around till the very end. Secret Hash 10 might be the one thing keeping you from blowing up. Secret one, obsession is the foundation of greatness. Let me tell you something most people don't want to hear. Casual effort gets you casual results. If you want to be great at YouTube, you can't just like it. You have to be obsessed with it. When I was 13, I didn't have a camera, a team, or any money. But what I did have, a burning fire to figure out how YouTube works. I watched hundreds of videos a day. I studied thumbnails. I analyzed titles. I'd literally pause every few seconds just to understand why people clicked. I would sit in my room for 10 to 12 hours a day, not even making videos, just learning. It wasn't a job. It wasn't a hobby. It was my life. You know how athletes train like maniacs to be the best. That's how I treated YouTube. I became obsessed with the science of it, the rhythm, the flow, the strategy. While everyone else was partying, I was uploading. While others gave up after 10 videos, I made 100 more. Because when you're obsessed, you don't need motivation. Your purpose drives you. And that is how legends are made. Secret. Master the game. Don't just play it. Here's a truth bomb most creators ignore. YouTube isn't just a platform. It's a game. And like any game, if you don't learn the rules, you'll keep losing no matter how talented you are. When I realized this, everything changed for me. I stopped uploading random videos and started treating YouTube like a puzzle. I studied retention graphs like my life depended on it. I'd analyze why people clicked this thumbnail over that one or why they dropped off at exactly 42 seconds in. I became obsessed with a /b testing titles. I'd change a single word and see how click-through rates shifted. I wasn't guessing. I was strategizing. Most people hit upload and hope for the best. I hit upload knowing the exact behavior I want from the audience. You got to know how thumbnails trigger dopamine, how pacing affects watch time, how storytelling keeps people locked in. That's the difference between a creator who tries a YouTube and one who wins it. I didn't get lucky, I got smart. You don't need a million dollar camera to blow up. You need a million dollar understanding of how this game works. Secret three, quantity first, then quality when I started my first one. 100 videos were absolute trash. I mean it. Bad audio, terrible editing, no real structure, just raw effort. But you know what? That's how I learned. People wait months trying to make the perfect video. But that's not how greatness happens. You don't start by being amazing. You start by being consistent. I didn't sit there dreaming about the perfect script or the perfect thumbnail. I just kept creating, failing, learning, then doing it all over again. Every single upload was like a rep at the gym. You want to grow, you need reps. That's how I got better. You want to know how I cracked the code to viral videos by making hundreds that didn't go viral? Every bad upload taught me what not to do. Every cringe moment helped sharpen my instincts. I didn't read about YouTube success. I lived it one awkward upload at a time. So yeah, quality matters, but only after you've put in enough quantity to earn it. Perfection is the enemy of progress, and the fastest way to greatness is doing it messy over and over until you nail it. Secret four, your idea is more powerful than your gear. People think you need a dollar 5 00 camera and a Hollywood studio to blow up on YouTube. Nope, that's just an excuse. When I started, I had a broken mic, the worst lighting ever, and I edited on a laptop that crashed every 10 minutes. But I had one thing that mattered more than all of that, a strong idea. YouTube doesn't reward fancy gear, it rewards attention, grabbing ideas. You could have the crispiest 4K video ever, but if the idea is boring, no one cares. But if your idea is wild, crazy, or so intriguing, people have to click, you win. Even if your video looks like it was shot on a potato. When I made the counting to 100 0 video, there was no budget. Just me counting that idea was so stupid. It was genius and it worked. That's when I realized a powerful idea beats expensive equipment every time. Don't sit around waiting for the perfect setup. Use what you've got because your mind is the most powerful camera you own. Think different. Think big. Think click. worthy because YouTube doesn't care what camera you use. It cares if people watch. Secret five, find your YouTube family. You can go fast alone. But if you want to go far on YouTube, you need a tribe. When I was grinding alone, I was learning. But when I started surrounding myself with other obsessed creators, I started evolving. Back in the early days, I created a private group with a few small creators just like me. We were nobodyies, but we had massive ambition. Every day we would jump on hours, long calls. We broke down thumbnails, debated title structures, analyzed retention graphs, and gave each other brutally honest feedback. That mastermind group, it was my secret weapon. We weren't just creating videos. We were building momentum together. I'd post a title idea and in seconds, I'd get five different improvements. I'd share a video draft, and they'd tear it apart in the best way possible. Those creators became my second brain. If you're trying to do this alone, you're walking uphill blindfolded. But when you connect with people who live and breathe this game like you, do you grow 10x faster? Find people who want it as badly as you. People who push you harder, challenge your ideas, and refuse to let you stay average. Secret six, make the first 30 seconds unskippable. Here's the brutal truth. If your video doesn't grab attention in the first 30 seconds, you've already lost. People don't wait to get hooked. They expect it instantly. When I plan a video, I spend more time scripting the first 30 seconds than some people spend editing the whole video. Why? Because that's the battlefield. That's where 90% of creators lose. Think of it like this. Every viewer has a remote in their hand ready to swipe your job. Make them forget the remote exists. Start with something unexpected. Hit them with insane stakes. Ask a question that creates tension. Create a mystery. Deliver value immediately. You can't afford a slow build. You need to explode out of the gate. In my Squid Game video within seconds, I showed massive sets, height, energy cuts, and dollar 456 0 on the line. No fluff, no intros, just action. Because attention is the currency of YouTube. And the opening is your only shot to earn it. Creators who warm up, their audience are losing them. You don't get to warm up, you get to ignite. Your intro isn't a setup, it's your superpower. Secret seven, study what works, then make it your own. Want to know how I learned YouTube? I became a student of the platform, not casually, obsessively. I didn't just watch videos, I dissected them frame by frame, title by title. I'd ask myself, why did this go viral? What made this thumbnail irresistible? Why did viewers stay for 12 minutes straight? I reverse engineered everything. Every viral trend, every top or forming video, I broke it down like a scientist. But here's the secret most people miss. I didn't copy. I customized. I'd take the core idea, twist it, stretch it, flip it, and repackage it with my flavor. That's how you win. Not by cloning others, but by transforming what works into something uniquely yours. YouTube rewards originality, but it doesn't punish learning from greatness. When I saw someone build a Lego house, I built one bigger and filled it with people. When a video used a shocking intro, I made mine 10 times more intense. Success leaves clues, but those clues are only useful if you apply them your way. Don't guess, don't wing it. Study the best, then bend the rules. Because originality isn't being different for the sake of it. It's creating something unforgettable from what already works. Secret eight. Your audience is the boss. Listen to them. You don't work for YouTube. You don't work for views. You work for your audience. If you ignore them, they'll ignore you. It's that simple. When I realized that every comment, every click, every drop. Often watch time was feedback. I stopped guessing and started listening. Your audience is always telling you what they love, what they hate, what's boring, what's epic, but most creators never pay attention. I used to read thousands of comments a day. Literally, I'd look for patterns. Are people skipping the intro? Are they saying it dragged in the middle? Are they all hyped about one specific moment? If 10 people tell you your pacing is slow, they're not haters. They're editors you didn't have to pay. Your viewers aren't just numbers on a dashboard. They're the reason you exist on this platform. I tweak titles, restructure videos, even scrap entire concepts, all because the audience spoke. The more you serve them, the more they reward you. So stop guessing what might work. Let the people watching your content guide your content. They're not passive spectators. They're your partners in growth. Secret nine, reinvest everything into your growth. Most people blow up on YouTube, make a little money, and instantly start flexing new car, new clothes, fancy vacations. But me, I did the exact opposite. The moment I made my first dollar from YouTube, I didn't celebrate. I reinvested it. Every single scent, I didn't buy stuff. I bought progress. Instead of buying shoes, I bought a better mic. Instead of eating out, I hired an editor. Instead of upgrading my lifestyle, I upgraded my storytelling. I lived like I was broke even when I started making six figures because I knew growth was the goal, not comfort. I spent millions on my own videos before I made millions in profit. I built huge sets, gave away insane prizes, hired the best team, all because I reinvested like a maniac. And that's the move nobody wants to make because it takes patience, discipline, and vision. But the fastest way to level up is to pour your wins back into your craft. YouTube doesn't reward people who take from it. It rewards people who give more than anyone else. If you really believe in your dream, prove it with your wallet, not your words. Secret 10. Never stop evolving. Here's the final secret. And honestly, it might be the most important of them all. Never stop evolving. YouTube is not a one-time formula. It's a moving target. What worked last year probably won't work next year. What blew up last month might flop today. I didn't build a 250 million subscriber empire by repeating the same content over and over. I grew because I constantly reinvented myself. Bigger ideas, sharper edits, bolder risks. I watched trends. I listened to feedback. I tested everything. I adapted. If I had stuck to just counting to 1 0 0 0, I'd be long forgotten. The truth is the moment you get comfortable, you start dying on this platform. The creators who win are the ones who keep growing, keep experimenting, keep pushing the limits of what's possible. Your audience evolves, the algorithm evolves, so you have to evolve, too. Let's recap the 10 secrets. One, obsession is the foundation of greatness. Two, master the game. Don't just play it. Three, quantity first, then quality. Four, your idea is more powerful than your gear. Find your YouTube family. Make the first 30 seconds unskippable. Study what works then make it your own. Your audience is the boss. Listen to them. Rian, vest everything into your growth. Never stop evolving. Final advice to you. Listen, I was just a random kid with a dream. No money, no team, no clue what I was doing. But I had one thing most people never tap into insane commitment. I didn't upload to get rich. I uploaded to get better. And if you've made it this far, you've got something rare. Focus. So, here's what I want you to do next. Take one of these secrets. Apply it today. Not tomorrow. Not when you feel ready. Today. Start messy. Stay consistent. Stay obsessed. Ignore the haters. Ignore the doubt. Outwork everyone. Because the only difference between you and me is time obsession and how bad you really want it. Now go out there and make something the world can't ignore.

- Why is Mr. Beast’s channel failing?: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about another topic. Actually, this is inspired by that event a little bit cuz I got the chance to interview Sean Cannell, who's the CEO of Think Media, during that event early on in that in that show when we were up there on stage. And one of the things that he and I were talking about beforehand that he actually turned me on to is that there's maybe something going on that is related to the change in YouTube and the desire of the audience in general in the culture and specifically an issue that's happening with Mr. Beast's channel. Now, I got a great paired reading. Like in college, this is what if you ever went to college and had to do paired readings or even in high school, they would maybe like an English teacher would make you read one thing and another and then compare the two. I just happened to get these text messages around the same time that actually one was a text message and one was a part of my algorithm that was like, oh, this is weird that we have these two different angles into Mr. Beast's business. The first one was actually from my dad, who really is not that into YouTube overall. Like he watches YouTube videos, but it's mostly informational for him. He'll search for things like how to fix cars or maybe he'll watch shorts every once in a while and things like that. Maybe watch like sports replays and things like that. Um, but he's not like in YouTube a lot in the same way. So like he didn't really know who Mr. Beast was. But Netflix has a show with David Letterman called My Guest Needs No Introduction, where he basically interviews people who are extremely famous and they don't need any introduction cuz everybody knows who they are. The first one was like I think Obama or something like that, just as an example. Does he still introduce them? Like give them a little bit of a description or bio? I'm pretty sure he does. Yeah. In fact, I've only watched a couple episodes, but I did watch this one where Mr. Beast was invited on the show and he it was interesting because you got a comparison of two different eras of media. Do you watch the show, Benji, at all? Uh, no, but I've I've seen little clips of it. Yeah, it's interesting. And you know, I I like David Letterman. He's kind of an interesting guy. Um, but it was weird to see somebody who's like 100% native to YouTube from the new media era and somebody who's 100% from the old era. In fact, there was this moment >> Super old era. There was this moment in there where he was like, "Yeah, early on in my career, one of the things that we had to do is that they would turn off the TV broadcast stations for the night. Like literally, they would they would not broadcast 24 hours. And so, they would have to close out at the end of the day because they wouldn't use the airtime over the night, right?" And so, he's like, "Oh, one of the things that we did is we made a little tiny model of the TV station. I would I signed off, we got a bunch of fireworks, and we blew up the the TV station on camera as like the way of closing out, and then they like close off for the night. And that was it. That was the last shot >> [laughter] >> I think. That was something David Letterman would do. And Mr. Beast was like, "Hey, you're kind of like me a little bit, right?" Mr. Beast was like, "Yeah, I blew up a car using fireworks, so we're we're like the same." So anyway, it was interesting, and it was interesting to see David Letterman's um skepticism a little bit about Mr. Beast's operation to some degree. But, I will say that by the end of the episode, it seemed like he had come around to a lot of things. And so, one of the questions that he asked Mr. Beast was like, "It seems like you've cracked the code to YouTube viewing." That's like what someone had told him. And Mr. Beast said, uh I Yeah, kind of. But, like what we are trying to do here is basically we're trying to make videos that satisfy people. And like that is it. It's actually nothing like mathematics. There's not necessarily [clears throat] something programmatic about the way I think about it is that we're trying to make videos that satisfy the viewer at the end of the day. And I just wanted to drop that nugget here because that is one of the things that we talk about a lot, just echoed by someone who's uh very successful in this business. Um any reactions to that before I turn the page a little bit here? Are we going to show this video, or you just want me to respond to that >> That that uh comment in particular. >> Well well, what we talk about is guaranteed satisfaction, which is what you get from both Mr. Beast era and his content, as well as when David Letterman was on late-night TV, right? Guaranteed satisfaction, and it's consistent, it's always there, you can rely on it. Late night happens religiously. I mean, I think that the only time it doesn't is like when there's national emergencies, >> Yeah. but as soon as they possibly can, they go because this is their comfort viewing. It's comfortable because not only they get the guaranteed satisfaction, it's like a dopamine hit at that point. And yeah, that that's like entertainment across the board across all time. Mr. Beast did figure that out because a lot of people still were treating their YouTube as not even a hobby, but like they could do whatever they want. Versus he's like I can do whatever I want as long as I do it by satisfying what they want. Now, I don't know if we're going to get into it because, you know, he's not getting as many views and it's interesting we're like comparing him to David Letterman. Obviously, he's much younger than David Letterman, which is probably in his 70s, maybe early 80s. But I will say this. Mr. Beast is experiencing what all creators eventually experience. They get old. Not by age, but compared to other pieces of content and other creators. Not again by age, but the fact that they're new for the platform, they're new for the audience. And so, guaranteed satisfaction is definitely part of it, cracking the algorithm code. But sometimes what satisfies people changes. And this is actually great for new creators that are starting new channels on YouTube. Just being novel and new is enough to be, you know, have a little edge even against someone like Mr. Beast, which he's experiencing right now because again, you talked about Sean Cannell and you interviewing him, but Sean talking about on his show the fact that Mr. Beast views are going down. I don't think people are saying the most obvious thing. He's just not like the newest freshest face on here and he's finally experiencing it. So, he reflects and probably really hard on himself when real life if you would just like chat with me, not that he would ever chat with me. Bro, you're just not you're not the new new. You're not the the fresh drip as Neutrally would say, whatever, [laughter] okay? There's a new Gucci in town. Ferragamo, right? Well, Yes, sir. Letterman in the 79 by the way, that's real time follow up. Um it's interesting that you bring that up because uh we're going to talk about that in just a second here. But, I wanted to add a little bit of groundwork that was laid before that in this first of the two paired readings because you're right, Sean inspired me to look into what was happening with with Mr. Beast and this thing popped up in my algorithm of course right after which, you know, is kind of amazing that it it still does that type of thing, but um here's one of the things that Mr. Beast also said. We have to make content that's not based on culture. And it was interesting when he said that when he was talking to Letterman cuz he was basically saying, we have reached so many people and our game is so much based off of the numbers. I mean, Mr. Beast channel almost engineers videos more than they make videos, I would say. That they cannot narrow the scope of who their videos appeal to by trying to be specific about what culture that they're tapping into, for example. Culture or community, right? >> Yeah, literally this is a quote from what he says. The second you tie culture into it, it's only specific to that culture. It has to be things that are intrinsic Has to be more universal, right? To a wider audience, to like a general viewer, really to anybody. Yeah, exactly. And you know, the amazing thing about this is that there is a piece of that which of course is generally true. In fact, we experienced this, I think, in uh previous episode of the film room where we looked into the thumbnail on our behind the scenes video in your kitchen. We had three options, one was like DJ Osmo, DJ Osmo, DJ Osmo, was super heavy with like a with ECAM and then uh your your MacBook there. And then there was one that was kind of like just about live streaming overall and there was one that was kind of a mix of the two, right? And the one that was less specific about DJI actually performed the best and I wonder if that's one reason why is because the culture of the people who are obsessing over the things like we talked about earlier in the show, the extra muse and DJI Osmo and all the leaks and what's banned and what's not banned just isn't as broadly applicable as the video is itself if that makes sense. So the packaging in our video actually hurt the video's performance because we were too specific about the thing that we were doing. Would you agree with that? Yes. Yeah. Okay, and then the last thing is that he talks about dubbing here, which is also applicable here. So we've talked about this on the show where auto dubbing is something that happens now and he literally says when we started dubbing just a few years ago, it like was one of the keys to reaching hundreds of millions of viewers across the planet because when we do that, it makes it so that way it's more accessible to more audiences, which is just very simple. So it's even more so the case that they want their videos to be culturally relevant to all these people as well. In fact, he took it a step further, which I thought was really clever, which was that he says, you know, we use a voice of a very famous voice actor from Naruto in our videos to dub the version that's in Asia basically because it gets people excited that it's just that voice actor. And the comparison that he made was like if it was a Spanish channel, right? And they syndicated it to the US and they used The Rock to voice Mr. Beast in the Spanish version of the like imagine the not English speaking, right? Or like Bad Bunny or something like that. >> Well, the vice versa, right? Like they're coming to the US, right? You would be more excited. It's like, oh, why is The Rock voicing this dude? I'll watch his video. >> familiar with it. I'm a fan of him. So yeah, I I see that. That's smart that they did that the new Naruto thing in Asia. Yeah, and so he literally says, this is a quote, that was a big thing for us in why we were able to get so big. Dubbing alone was a piece of that. And so they round things out in that show and I actually do recommend that you give it a listen cuz it's interesting just to see them almost butt heads actually for a lot of the episode. Um, where they bring it around and they kind of come to some reconciliation over his current business, which is Feastables. Like David Letterman was was surprised that Mr. Beast is losing money on all these videos. Like famously his channel loses money on every single thing. That they try and make back that money by selling their own product, right? So they kind of come full circle and he comes around a little bit in the end with maybe still a little bit of skepticism of them. And I kid you not, the next morning I pull up my YouTube page and this next video comes up and I want to play you a clip from it. It's from Folding Ideas and it's titled Why was I invited to be studios? Here's what he said in the video at the end. But I'm something of a data guy myself. Out of raw curiosity, I graphed the performance of every main channel Mr. Beast video from his first viral counting video to present and well, there's a lot of caveats in these numbers and by any objective measure of YouTube success, these numbers are still incomprehensible. But [music] there's a very interesting trend in the data. >> [music] >> Now, uh, COVID. >> What are your reactions to this? I mean, you say COVID, but tell me more. I said it earlier. He's experiencing what every creator will eventually experience, which is your views go up and you hit mega stardom and there is a peak, just like every mountain has a peak and on the other side of that peak, it could fall off of a cliff, it could be gradual, it could be somewhere in between and this graph is showing that he's getting less views, okay? I don't even know what that chart actually means, but I I that's what the guy is trying to show, like there is this gradual kind of like there's like this pattern, right? It goes way up and then it's starting to go down and that's getting less views too is for different reasons, not just because he's not as novel anymore. There's many different reasons, but yeah, that doesn't surprise me. Like I my question was when is it going to happen to him? When is it going to happen? You know exactly it just it happens to everybody. The thing is this if you're cool forever, it's like the impossible thing that like we amazing. But guess what? Michael Jordan eventually had to retire. LeBron James, you want to talk about like an interesting comparison of Michael Jordan? Kudos to him to keep going, but guess what? At one point he is not going to be able to keep up with the younger players. And so that's kind of what I see, just a natural thing. It doesn't mean he can't reinvent himself and go on the arc again because I've also seen that many times. Yeah, and if we can pull up the graph again here, you know, one of the amazing things about this video. First of all, highly recommend you give it a watch. It's it's long, right? If you look here, it's an hour and 18 minutes, but it's a good example of actually a lot of things we talk about on the show. Longer form, things that are sort of very authentic to this guy's approach. It's an interesting hook. It's an interesting story that he tells overall. In fact, the the title of the video, why wasn't I invited to to be studios? Are you familiar with Folding Ideas at all? No. This guy is like the most cynical person ever. Right? He's like the physical embodiment of what you would want in like a reporter for example, where it's like they have to be like super skeptical of everything that's going on at all times. So he's like, why was I of all people and he was invited by the way for Beast Games 2 for a screening of Beast Games 2. He's like, why would they invite me? Because I'm cynical. They know that I'm going to I give you give you some sort of like negative feedback or something like that. And so he goes through the front of this video explaining some of his theories about why they invited him and eventually lands on the idea of one moment that happens early in the day where he's there with actually I think 11 other YouTubers that are all have, you know, relatively big followings. This guy has a million followers. And um they're getting this question asked of them, which is how do you create fandom? And so that's why he finishes with this graph here because when he sees this graph he says Mr. Beast has his basically optimized to no end and he hasn't built a fandom along the way. Like he's not really culturally relevant in that way is his claim. And so Wait, he really does get you in the gut right there. And so what he's talking about is that this Mr. Beast team is maybe thinking about reinventing themselves because they want to draw those um pieces of wisdom out of these people who have maybe a tighter perspective, maybe something more specific, maybe something cultural to bring it back to that thing you're talking about in Letterman. But I wanted to bring that to you, Benji, because, you know, Mr. Beast has been around for a long time, right? And he's had a long series of success and he probably will continue to have a lot of success. But he hasn't been around as long as you as far as I'm I'm aware of and also like you said you've seen this happen over and over again. So I'm curious with all of that, what is your thought about fandom in particular and about what Mr. Beast is facing here and whether you agree with Folding's ideas or not. Yeah, well, when you were describing to me his strategy, it was inevitable that this would happen because he took the thing that creates a fan, right? Cultural relevance to a specific culture and a specific community. Well, if you're just not speaking to that at all, you're not playing to that and you're not even caring about that, well, in his case he went universal, general viewers, uh uh, views from anybody. Well, also that means that they could get they could get their content from any other creator, Versus if you are thinking about a culture and a community, well, you might be the best in that that scenario. And so, it it goes beyond your content, it's all about you. So, Mr. Beast, one thing that I think a lot of people kind of understand about Mr. Beast, and this is not, you know, a poke at his personality, but he's he's not like a Casey Neistat type of person, right? >> Yeah, he's pretty um inoffensive is one of the ways that Holy Idea's puts it. >> it's he doesn't have a lot of flair, you know? Like even just the way he dresses, his look at like I'm a good example, okay? I've looked like this for a very long time. Same haircut, usually knows I've worn this shirt for 5 years, and you kind of see the same thing with Mr. Beast, right? Like I think he lays that same mustache, same kind of look. Whatever, okay? So, it's not just the the lack of culture and community in the fans or lack of fans, it's also he himself he's not that type of creator. Nothing wrong with it. He gets tons of views, but that's why you see what you do. So, if you want to build super fans like Pat Flynn does, right? Guess what? Complete opposite direction. Pat Flynn used to be a, you know, like podcast guy, passive income, you know, digital marketer type of expert, and now he's like the Pokémon master. Literally, he's like the the Pokémon master, but like an adult version of it, okay? He is playing to a very specific community. He's talking about the culture of the Pokémon card collector, and guess what? He's got super fans. He actually wrote a book called super fans. So, he he knows this. You know, he's not nearly as big as uh Mr. Beast, but I will tell you this, I would argue that Pat Flynn will have fans a lot longer than Mr. Beast. Even if he doesn't get as many views as Mr. Beast. Similar type of content creation strategy by the way, right? Very hype, very high energy, uh very entertaining. Very entertaining, very produced, storytelling is a big part for both of them. And funny enough, Pat Flynn, too. Like I think he's got more personality or like personable, right? But still not like to a Casey Neistat or like a Logan Paul or, you know, like so many other superstars out there. But he loves about he loves the his community. And he understands the Pokémon culture. So, of course, the guy that wrote the book on super fans understands that. And it will go beyond. In fact, he was able to start multiple channels around that same thing and play into that. So, how do you do it as a creator? You actually care about the community you're speaking to. Rather than trying to get the most views, you're trying to get the right views. Rather than just watching for entertainment, they're watching because they have to watch. You're the only person they want to watch. They This is like their comfort viewing. And it's hard to replicate. You want to create content that nobody else can replicate. This is why my new vlog method works because it focus on you as a creator and what's unique about you and the stories that only you can tell. Well, what we've seen with Mr. Beast, other people have been able to replicate this. Yeah. There are a lot of copycats out there. They obviously don't have the same name, same brand, right? But if you just look at it with like kind of blurred eyes, it's like, "Oh, it's kind of the same thing, right?" It it just falls into this genre of content. Like a good example of this is uh toy opening videos. So, in the 2010s, opening little like a like chocolate eggs and there's a toy in it became a whole thing. What was funny about that is there was no culture or community. It was just for kids universally. >> Mhm. Well, what happened is so many copycat channels are started. There was nothing about the video because you don't show your face. >> Ah, interesting. >> So, there was not even your identity for someone to connect with. They're just like so they could get that and especially think about the algorithm, right? Especially now. They If they show you something else that actually keeps you on the platform for longer even if it's maybe not as good of the content, right? Quality-wise, lighting-wise, whatever, but it's good enough. Especially kids, they don't care. Like kids, like young kids, they just watch whatever gets popped up in front of them. They might not even care if it's from the same channel or creator. They might not even know, right? So, it's a good example like and funny enough Mr. Beast was also trying to get kids. Kids change their interests all the time, too, right? When you get to a place where there is a community and culture, those people are usually older, Mhm. right? They like decide like this is my identity. So, they are part of those communities. They embrace that culture. So, I mean, there's so many things to talk about here, but as a beginner creator, you care about a community, you care about that culture, and you create content for those people without having the FOMO like oh, what could be? What more things? And my wife, I feel like she's really done that in her community and the culture of the moms, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. And so, she you By the way, her arc is very similar to that. If you were to do the graph, we should do that one day. Very similar. The difference is a lot less effort to keep it going long-term. And when I say long-term, 18 years now. Because she is comfortable. She doesn't even think this strategically. Oh, this is a community I'm trying to target. Oh, this is the culture I'm building. No, she's just herself and talks about what she cares about that she knows other women like her would also care about, too. She never worried about how many views. That was what Mr. Beast was doing. He was building a machine for more views, more views, right? It's like a a business. It's like, I don't care about my loyal customers. I just want more customers. And so, what you do? You you cut cut, you know, uh the the margins. You lower the cost. You're like, you you get a factory versus making it handmade. Some of the quality goes away, right? You you forget about the people that were there in the very beginning. Not that that was his intention, Mr. Beast, but that's the natural part of capitalism and scaling and not really having a focus on quality and it's more about quantity versus the person that says I'm always hand making it. And you'll have a lifelong customer. That's how you create a fandom that'll stay with you forever. It It sometimes doesn't even make logical sense anymore why you still buy from that person or why you watch that creator. I know this because I see viewers of my wife's say that, like, literally every day I pop open my laptop and I watch her content. The only thing that's actually stopped that is because we upload less. Yeah, that's what I'm looking for. If we still uploaded 7 days a week, which of course that seems obvious because you get more views because it's seven more uploads. I don't know if we're we're going to talk about this yet. That's another thing. We're getting less views because we're not giving them the ability to view more content. So, that is something that has nothing to do with super fans. That's all you, the creator. Yes. And, you know, that idea of core fans is why I bring it to you in particular because I know you've obsessed with this because part of it is that it's a phenomenon that Judy has brought into your life to some degree, right? That you two have built together really intentionally. And like, you talk about knowing your community and knowing your audience. I mean, we started this show off with YouTube recommendation to be in the comment section and things like that, right? But the easiest way to understand and speak to that community is to be yourself, which is what Judy did. She was herself and took her taste and put it into this thing that she was proud of. And guess what? The algorithm did the other half of the work and brought those people to her, right? And over time, it became kind of all this one thing, right? It became this community. But like, YouTube is going to do half the work there, in my opinion. And actually, that brings us to a text message that you sent me earlier today, which is is this image here. It says, "Important story, the importance of becoming a viewer's habit, and even better, comfort content, and the cost of losing it." I know you talked about it a little bit, but do you have that story for us? Yeah, that story is this, what's happening to me right now. So, for 2 years straight, I was aggressively uploading to my food channel. It was a recipe channel turned food vlog channel. Crushing it, getting more views than ever did, making more money, and everything was good. And so, that wasn't necessarily like a plan for me to do it forever. I did it because I wanted to prove to my students that the new vlog method works, and I I accomplished that, right? Well, as I'm getting into year three of this, I'm starting to build this channel, right? Creator Insider podcast. Um I'm doing more live streams because I think that's the future. Well, naturally, I'm just vlogging less. I still vlog on our family vlog channel, but I've been doing less. So, what's happened is as I upload new vlogs to my food vlog channels, I've noticed it's not performing as much. Why is it not performing as well? Because sometimes it's better than what I used to perform. So, we'll see in time how it actually does, but you know what I did lose by uploading less? I mean, we're talking like I went from doing four to seven food vlogs a week to now I'm only doing like, if I'm lucky, once a week. Is that habitual viewer that watches my content for comfort. Because I was not uploading the vlog for them to watch that they were so used to watching for 2 years, well, does that stop them from watching other content? >> No, in fact, they will definitely watch other content. >> And do you think for sure YouTube will suggest other content to them? For sure, that's what YouTube does. And that's what's happened in the last, I want to say, 3 months of my channel. And I was driving to Costco today thinking about this because a couple of my food vlogs, which I'm using my new vlog method, hasn't been hitting, right? I'm not hitting that one out of 10 like I used to. If you know, you know. You're trying to get to one out of 10 in terms of the rating. So, I'm thinking, "Huh, if I'm uploading this content the way I know works, but it's not working, is it because my content's not as good, or is it because over the course of 2 years I was stacking on my previous uploads, my previous wins, and just the fact that I became people's comfort viewing? The way I learned happens with Judy's viewers. >> Yeah, you would have built momentum, basically. People are telling me like, "I'll I get home at the end of the evening or it's the end of the week, I turn on my TV and I just watch your Costco vlogs. And we just all watch it." Well, let's just play this out. Say I'm not uploading as much. You still want to do that. Well, if I'm not there, they're like, "I'm going to find the next best thing or I'm going to find anything else." Well, YouTube stuff are going to recommend something to you or you're going to seek something out. So, then you start watching other stuff. Doesn't mean you become like a super fan like you did my content. Sure. But what if you do become a super fan of somebody else's content and then you watch it habitually and then it becomes your comfort viewing. Then, your old pal Benji over here, he's going to start uploading again because like I got a little excited, I'm motivated, I'm like, "I'm going to do three vlogs this week." But it doesn't hit. And this is what all the creators do, right? They feel entitled to the use. I never feel entitled. But still, my videos don't do well. I'm like, "Huh, what happened to all my viewers?" They've probably moved on to other creators, other vloggers, just any other content. Or, guess what? Their their their algorithm is relying on those those new creators to get that view and to keep that view and the fact that it brings them back to the channel. I've been regulated to the bench now. I have [snorts] to prove myself again, not just to my viewer, which might not even be thinking about me. This is the other thing, too. A lot of creators think like, oh, because I subscribed to you, they think about you. 100% most people don't think about you even if you're a creator and they're a super fan of you. Cuz we got all kinds of other things. We are just a television giving entertainment and education and some kind of value in terms of content. >> people change the channel. And they just change the channel. And guess what? The station, if you don't give them the show, they're like, "I ain't got another show. I'm going to fill your spot up, okay?" That's what's happening. So, I'm regulated to the bench. I have to earn my way back to the roster. So, in baseball, you know, like you got a team, you've got What do you call it? The batting roster, right? Yeah, I'm not exactly sure, yeah. >> order or whatever. Sometimes there's people that just benched and you have to get back onto that roster. I'm going to have And so, what sunk into my spirit today and why I sent that to you, I'm glad we're talking about it. I was like, "Dang, if I really want to get that habitual viewing and I want to become someone's comfort content, I have to do it again." Period. Now, it doesn't mean my video can't hit the algorithm again. But you know what's funny? More times than not, the creators that will text me or show me they're getting a one out of 10 or they're getting views, guess what they're doing a lot more of? What? Uploading more. Fair. Period. And I didn't upload as much in the last two or three months for my own reasons, okay? I'm testing other formats like live streaming. Um I've uploaded other places. I'm working on another show. So, can I expect my viewers to wait for me? They'll never wait. They're In fact, they're not even going to wait 1 minute. They will click on something else or takes 20 minutes looking for the next show or whatever, right? And it's not right away they're going to be like watching another channel for their comfort content, but eventually they probably will. And that was my realization. What's what's the lesson here? Being a creator is hard for a reason. It's very competitive. And right now everybody wants to be a creator. Well, when you stop creating that content that you were doing so consistently and uh so much of to the point where people not only liked your content, they wanted to watch your content, and they had to watch your content. Well, when you stop and even take a break, right? People talk about like, "Oh, for my mental health." Not discounting that, but also you can't expect your viewers to wait for you. Yeah, they're going to move on to something else. That is just part of the game. So, know that creating content becoming creator is competitive. It'll always be that way. So, Mr. Beast, same thing. You want to talk about the thing I didn't talk about earlier about Mr. Beast that you know, like of course I said, you know, he's not novel anymore, right? He's like the old man on the block compared to some of these younger people. For sure. But what else has happened to him? Well, he scaled his business. So, it's like the quality control's not there. I think he's very successful, but you know, they might hire somebody that just really sucks at their job and messes up the whole flow. He's had like scandals, right? Like Rosa Anna Pancino or something. She did a whole thing where she's like basically trying to get him canceled, okay? And it was because of something that happened with the Amazon show, how he treat contestants. He got married, probably going to start a family, right? Like, his priority is a little bit different. And then, four, this is the other big one, he took his eye off the the ball. When there's younger people that don't have any of those things, they are focused the way he was when he sat in that chair and counted to 100,000, right? He literally counted to 100,000 or said his name 100,000 times. That is not sustainable. You do that in the beginning to get your chance, so you have to keep your your your position, and that's just not happening for him. So, same thing at a much smaller level happened, and the the other thing to keep in mind is it's not forever. So, think about, how do I start something that can keep going? That's the miracle of my wife, right? She's been doing this for so long and could arguably still do it for another decade. And how do I build a business where I make money in different forms, right? Like, different types of income, so that I can always pay the bills once like this business model doesn't work anymore or AdSense goes lower. That's just what I was thinking when I sent you that, cuz I went to Costco the way I always do. I went super early during the executive member hour. I was all hyped up and then I thought, this not this might not work the way it used to. I think it could work again at that level, but guess what? I might have to go to seven uploads a week like I did in the very beginning, which I think the viewers kind of appreciate because if they like the content and they get a new episode every single day, those Costco lovers love that. But, But I don't upload for a whole week or only upload four in like a three-week period, they're just not going to wait around for it. And you have to live in that reality and not live in La La Land thinking like, "Oh, yeah, I'm always going to have a one out of 10 and my video's always going to get 100,000 views like my other one did last time."

  Top Comments:
  1. @LostSoulsmusic22 [2 likes]: it's getting old. I stopped watching a long time ago. It's just the same stupid challenges to win something over and over
  2. @Newstyle87 [1 likes]: The concepts behind MrBeast videos can be really cool sometimes, but the execution is honestly exhausting to watch. The pacing is so absurdly fast that the entire video feels like one long preview trailer, and MrBeast is basically yelling through the whole thing. I understand the style is intentional to constantly hold your attention, but there’s a sweet spot, and his editing often crosses into being overwhelmingly fast and overstimulating well you can’t even take a breath or enjoy any kind of little nuance, character development, or something else interesting.
  3. @GRyze_music: Tldr?
  4. @whitneydeng452: :hand-pink-waving:

- The Ugly Truth About Copying @MrBeast & Big Creators: Kind: captions Language: en You think that if a big YouTuber has got 10 million views with one idea, then if you make the same video, you will also go viral. Right? Wrong. The biggest trap of YouTube is to copy successful creators and grow. But what is the real truth? The same thing that made them viral can also sink your channel if you copy it blindly. And in today's video I'm going to breakdown the invisible trap that's silently failing 90% of new creators. So if you are also creating content but not growing it, then perhaps you are making the same mistake. When you watch the content of any big YouTuber, you only see three things on the surface. The title is catchy, the thumbnail is crazy, the views are in the millions and you think the formula is simple. I will also make a similar video. But have you noticed this? The camera angle, voice tone, pacing, story structure are all planned in the mind. You're just copying the surface. But YouTube promotes creators who understand and execute in depth. Now here I have a question for all of you. When was the last time you did a beat-by-beat breakdown of a viral video? If you have n't done it then understand. You are just watching. Not learning. What's perfect for Mr. Beast's audience might be overkill for your 200 subscribers. Mr Beast's audience has understood challenge-based content. Your viewers might prefer how-to videos or emotional stories, and when you adopt someone else's format, your original style gets lost. Now my question is what is your own style? Are you dark, deep, or funny? Copying on YouTube is easy, but survival in copying is difficult. The algorithm is intelligent. He sees how long people are watching the video. How many people are liking and disliking? What are people saying in the comments? And most importantly, does this content already exist on the platform? If you make Mr. Beast style videos. But it doesn't have the same energy as Mr. Beast. So to the algorithm you're a knockoff, and YouTube doesn't push knockoffs. Do not copy its solution. Decode it. Learn the format that is used. Take his essence , make it your own. When small creators adapt smartly, they stand a better chance of going viral. A creator created a local version of Mr. Beast's Last to Leave challenge. But with your friends, in your own language and with an emotional twist. The result: 3 million views in two weeks. Why? Because the idea was the same but the execution was relatable. Now I have a question here. Will the next idea you're going to take have your own twist on it? Next time you watch a video of a big creator, do n't copy it. Breakdown him. How was the hook? What trick was used for retention ? How was the voice modulation? What was the call to action at the end? Now think of your own version of these things. If they're making the Top 10 Mistakes video, you can make it. Top Three Mistakes New Creators Make and No One Talks About. Saw the same theme. But your original angle. If you are still thinking that let's just copy and improve later. So I will just say that this platform does not promote second hand creators. You have ideas, vision, emotions, then why are you wearing a mask made by someone else ? make your mark. And if this video was an eye opener for you, hit the like button now. And if you want me to make more breakdown videos like this, subscribe so you can understand the real game of YouTube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @motivationbypsychologist3953 [1 likes]: Best video best editing best information 💯 keep it up bro

- Joshua Weissman and the MrBeast-ification of Food YouTube | Content Terminator: Kind: captions Language: en Something is seriously wrong with food&nbsp; YouTubers. I think that honestly a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of my videos do well just because it's me.&nbsp; I know that people will watch this 2-minute&nbsp;&nbsp; segment of me doing this thing. Maybe 100,000&nbsp; people will appreciate it, but I need 9 million&nbsp;&nbsp; people to appreciate it. Celebrity chefs used&nbsp; to be exclusive to the Food Network. The Food&nbsp;&nbsp; Network says no more. Do you have any doubt in&nbsp; your mind that African-Americans are offended by&nbsp;&nbsp; the n-word? I don't know, Matt. I have asked&nbsp; myself that so many times. But these days,&nbsp;&nbsp; even the biggest celebrity chefs from the Food&nbsp; Network are actually right here on YouTube,&nbsp;&nbsp; competing for subscribers and collaborating&nbsp; with the top YouTube chefs. The objective of&nbsp;&nbsp; this is get my Uncle Crown back. Look at this&nbsp; tin foil. Are you making cocaine and meth? What&nbsp;&nbsp; is this? It's windy. This has been the standard&nbsp; for a while online, but over the past 2 years,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've seen multiple food YouTubers cross 10&nbsp; million subscribers. Last week, we hit 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million subscribers. I woke up this morning&nbsp; to see that there are now 10 million of us,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is crazy. With that milestone passed, you'd&nbsp; think that these YouTube channels that people&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to for educational, entertaining content&nbsp; about food would stay true to what got them that&nbsp;&nbsp; far in the first place. But instead, what's&nbsp; happened is this intense sloppation of their&nbsp;&nbsp; content. Tortilla chips. They're chips made out of&nbsp; tortillas. You know what they are. I don't need to&nbsp;&nbsp; tell you. And I'm not going to vomit some history&nbsp; from chat GPT at you like I tried that one time.&nbsp;&nbsp; Content that was once recipes and techniques that&nbsp; you wouldn't find anywhere else has morphed into&nbsp;&nbsp; fast food tier lists all with the most AI slop&nbsp; clickbait thumbnails that your computer could&nbsp;&nbsp; imagine up for you. Is this constant churn even&nbsp; worth it or should they just stick to what they're&nbsp;&nbsp; good at? That's why today we are taste testing&nbsp; every single fast food menu item across America.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we're here at Costco. We're going to be ranking&nbsp; Kirkland products. But why? Why scale your content&nbsp;&nbsp; up just to become a Mr. Beast clone that does&nbsp; food videos? What if you took 50 random people&nbsp;&nbsp; and put them in the same challenge to make their&nbsp; idea of the perfect burger in just 10 minutes? I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; actually going to be working at what I consider&nbsp; to be the best fast food restaurant in America.&nbsp;&nbsp; Jollibee. Out of all the food YouTubers on the&nbsp; platform, Joshua Weissman is the most guilty&nbsp;&nbsp; of this sloppification. I'm very formulaic on&nbsp; how long the attention span lasts per cut and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's really the main thing that I follow. This&nbsp; is Martins leis and he's massive. Can he really&nbsp;&nbsp; conquer all 10,000 calories in a single sitting?&nbsp; So, I've collected the rarest snacks from around&nbsp;&nbsp; the world. And today, with the help of Cinna,&nbsp; we're going to find out which limited snack is&nbsp;&nbsp; here to stay. This is the story of how Joshua&nbsp; Weissman's jealousy, plagiarism, and unchecked&nbsp;&nbsp; ego led to one of the most embarrassing declines&nbsp; in modern YouTube history. And along the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to cook a four course meal for you&nbsp; guys, inspired by what Joshua Weissman could have&nbsp;&nbsp; been had he just stuck to the food and properly&nbsp; credited his sources. That's right, I'm taking&nbsp;&nbsp; off the leather jacket and putting on a chef's&nbsp; jacket because we're doing a cooking episode. All right. So, the first dish that we're going&nbsp; to be preparing today for our four course meal&nbsp;&nbsp; is a spicy kale Caesar salad with homemade&nbsp; croutons and fresh parmesan cheese. The first&nbsp;&nbsp; step to having a perfect kale salad is making&nbsp; sure that the kale actually tastes good. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're going to do here is we're going to&nbsp; soak the kale in some warm water. You can also&nbsp;&nbsp; massage it a little bit with your hands if you're&nbsp; feeling frisky. For the croutons, you can take any&nbsp;&nbsp; leftover bread you have lying around the house.&nbsp; I'm using pita bread here. Just set it and forget&nbsp;&nbsp; it. And then you've got fresh croutons waiting for&nbsp; your salad. Now for the dressing, you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; take two anchovi fillets, 1 and 1/2 cloves&nbsp; of garlic, and two Calabrian chili peppers,&nbsp;&nbsp; destemmed. Now, this is basically a standard&nbsp; Caesar salad, a classic Caesar salad dressing,&nbsp;&nbsp; just with the addition of these Calabrian chili&nbsp; peppers. They provide a really nice spiciness,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also a a really fruity note. So then we're&nbsp; going to crack one egg, squeeze the juice of&nbsp;&nbsp; half a lemon, add a teaspoon of Dijon mustard, two&nbsp; shakes of Worchester sauce, and a generous grating&nbsp;&nbsp; of Parmesan cheese. Top it all off with some olive&nbsp; oil and blend it until it's emulsified and super&nbsp;&nbsp; creamy. Now to assemble the whole salad, all we&nbsp; do is add the dressing and toss it thoroughly,&nbsp;&nbsp; making sure everything's coated well. Then you add&nbsp; your croutons and some freshly grated parmesan and&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got a quick spicy kale Caesar salad. Crisp,&nbsp; hearty, and full of flavor. Let's try the salad,&nbsp;&nbsp; Georgie. We've got a kale Caesar salad here with&nbsp; Calabrian chili oil and homemade croutons made&nbsp;&nbsp; from pita chips. Georgie, maybe you just want&nbsp; to try the pita chip with the with the parmesan. Very good for a for a Kale Caesar. Hey guys, how's&nbsp; it going? Uh, so I didn't think I was going to&nbsp;&nbsp; make this video. I thought I was going to get over&nbsp; this, but I really just I don't know. I just felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like I had to talk about it. So Joshua Weissman&nbsp; started on YouTube almost 10 years ago doing&nbsp;&nbsp; simple, healthy recipes. Hey guys, and welcome&nbsp; back to one of my weekly recipe videos. He had&nbsp;&nbsp; a background working in fine dining restaurants,&nbsp; so it didn't take long for him to find a content&nbsp;&nbsp; niche making fancier versions of classic foods.&nbsp; His Popeye's chicken sandwich but better video is&nbsp;&nbsp; still one of the most successful videos to ever&nbsp; be released on his channel. This was the Joshua&nbsp;&nbsp; Weissman that people subscribed for, a chef with&nbsp; YouTube charm and restaurant chops. But that chef&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly vanished. What makes a great chef is first&nbsp; being the business person. So, if that's what&nbsp;&nbsp; makes a great chef, then to me, that's what would&nbsp; make a great content production studio. Perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; the most important part of presenting cooking&nbsp; videos on YouTube is crafting unique recipes&nbsp;&nbsp; that people are interested in learning. For some&nbsp; chefs, that means testing a recipe over and over,&nbsp;&nbsp; fine-taking different parts of it till it's just&nbsp; right. However, for Joshua Weissman, the recipe&nbsp;&nbsp; crafting process looked a little different. He&nbsp; wasn't actually refining any recipes. He was&nbsp;&nbsp; copying them. And the people he stole from weren't&nbsp; celebrity chefs. They're bloggers, home cooks, and&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller creators. Easy targets, in other words.&nbsp; One of those easy targets, or so he thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; was Joe Rosenthal. I wrote all my recipes for&nbsp; somebody to come in with no knowledge of cooking&nbsp;&nbsp; and do them and and be successful. I have a PhD&nbsp; in mathematics. When you're working on a PhD,&nbsp;&nbsp; like the number one rule is is you site your&nbsp; sources. And actually, I think there's this uh&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling in academia that you're more powerful when&nbsp; you have more sources. I truly believe that with&nbsp;&nbsp; the recipes I've I've published, I feel like I'm&nbsp; I'm contributing something that that helps people&nbsp;&nbsp; um that I think does something that other rap&nbsp; recipes don't. You know, if if if Whitman just&nbsp;&nbsp; said, "Yeah, this is a great hoodie roll recipe,"&nbsp; I would have shared would have shared the video&nbsp;&nbsp; probably. I think he likely knew it was stolen.&nbsp; Um I don't think he cared. Um, and I think it's&nbsp;&nbsp; probably a broader problem than him. Not only did&nbsp; Joe figure out that his recipe had been stolen,&nbsp;&nbsp; he also found three other recipes that Joshua&nbsp; Weissman had fully tried to pass off as his own.&nbsp;&nbsp; He wrote about it all here in this article that&nbsp; I'll be referencing a lot throughout this video.&nbsp;&nbsp; Who am I targeting with the Weissman article? It's&nbsp; like, I don't know, people who want to know the&nbsp;&nbsp; scope of the harm. So, I think the the most common&nbsp; refrain uh as far as defenses against plagiarism&nbsp;&nbsp; go is that there's no copyright on a recipe,&nbsp; just copyright on the pros. I think it's wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; to steal from other people. And I think people&nbsp; have this idea that like nothing's original, so&nbsp;&nbsp; like I could just take this. As far as the recipes&nbsp; go, at some point he was giving employees like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Here's a recipe. Here's the stuff. Go do this."&nbsp; Joshua Weissman's plagiarism didn't just stop at&nbsp;&nbsp; recipes, though. He was also stealing images&nbsp; of food from smaller creators to use in his&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnails. Here's Joshua Weissman's thumbnail&nbsp; for his cheesy gordita crunch but better video.&nbsp;&nbsp; And here is a thumbnail from the Burger Dude&nbsp; for a video called Vegan Cheesy Gordita Crunch.&nbsp;&nbsp; notice something? Or what about the vegan&nbsp; burger that he used in this thumbnail? All&nbsp;&nbsp; stolen images with no credit whatsoever&nbsp; to the burger dude. So, if he's stealing&nbsp;&nbsp; the recipes and he's not even putting his&nbsp; own photos of the food in the thumbnail,&nbsp;&nbsp; what exactly is Joshua Weissman bringing&nbsp; to the table as a chef/content creator?&nbsp;&nbsp; The second course for our special four course&nbsp; meal is a rustic and simple steamed broccolini&nbsp;&nbsp; with lemon and just a little bit of calabrian&nbsp; chili oil and parmesan cheese. The first step is&nbsp;&nbsp; easy. All you got to do is take the broccolini and&nbsp; cut it up into bite-sized pieces. Then you just&nbsp;&nbsp; toss it in the steamer and 10 minutes later you&nbsp; toss it directly into a pan with a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; olive oil and some freshly squeezed lemon&nbsp; juice. Just toss it around in there. Make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure it gets all incorporated. Then it's as easy&nbsp; as just plating it up with a little drizzle of&nbsp;&nbsp; that Calabrian chili oil and some Parmesan&nbsp; cheese. We've got Yeah, I know you're very&nbsp;&nbsp; excited. We've got a lovely broccolini with lemon&nbsp; chili oil and some parmesan. You want to try it? Mhm. She didn't like it. She spit it out. I would say&nbsp; in general there there seems to be a shift toward&nbsp;&nbsp; this kind of Mr. Beast like content, this Mr.&nbsp; Beastification of the food YouTube space. And&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman's right there with the same vibe.&nbsp; If you make a video and it does crazy views,&nbsp;&nbsp; the first thing you should do is look at it&nbsp; formulaically and figure out how to rinse and&nbsp;&nbsp; repeat that process. This content shift towards&nbsp; watered down Mr. Beast style slop didn't come out&nbsp;&nbsp; of nowhere, though. It all actually goes back to&nbsp; 2022 when Joshua Weissman's channel had just hit 5&nbsp;&nbsp; million subscribers. We hit 5 million subscribers.&nbsp; Five? I can't even count that much. I mean, I can&nbsp;&nbsp; do a five on my hand. See, at the exact same time,&nbsp; another food YouTube channel was skyrocketing in&nbsp;&nbsp; popularity in ways that Joshua Weissman could&nbsp; only have dreamed. This is Mr. Beast, the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTuber on the planet, who also happens to be the&nbsp; worst cook I've ever met. Help! Nick, get the fire&nbsp;&nbsp; station. Put it out. Put it out. But today, I'm&nbsp; going to turn him into a master chef. Chef Nick&nbsp;&nbsp; DiGiovanni had everything that Joshua Weissman&nbsp; wanted. Not only did his viewership skew younger,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Nick DiGiovanni's videos, sometimes on similar&nbsp; topics, would topple Joshua Weissman's videos and&nbsp;&nbsp; views. Now, anyone who watches these two creators&nbsp; would tell you that they're nothing alike. But&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman just doesn't see it that way,&nbsp; despite stealing multiple recipes and thumbnails.&nbsp;&nbsp; At this point, Joshua Weissman was furious that&nbsp; Nick DiGiovanni was supposedly copying him. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; did he confront Nick or reach out to him via DM?&nbsp; Of course not. Instead, he invited him over to&nbsp;&nbsp; collaborate on a YouTube short. Homemade tater&nbsp; tots. Delicious. According to Joe's article,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman spent the majority of that&nbsp; shoot trying to impress Nick DiGiovanni by&nbsp;&nbsp; making transphobic jokes towards his&nbsp; own employees. Even worse than that,&nbsp;&nbsp; towards the end of the shoot, when Nick&nbsp; tried to post promoting their collaboration,&nbsp;&nbsp; he noticed that Josh had had him blocked on social&nbsp; media. But I was there for the the whole thing of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, trying to tag Nick, not finding&nbsp; him, and then Nick gets his phone. He's like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh yeah, you can't tag me cuz you blocked me."&nbsp; It was just it was like five people in the room,&nbsp;&nbsp; and all three of us looked at each other like,&nbsp; "Damn, that's embarrassing." Behind the scenes,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman is competitive to a toxic&nbsp; degree with his fellow food YouTubers. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; very competitive. The competition is not me.&nbsp; I don't feel like I'm competing with anybody.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if somebody thinks that they're going&nbsp; to beat me because they want to make better&nbsp;&nbsp; content than me specifically, they will&nbsp; lose to me. But when push comes to shove,&nbsp;&nbsp; he would never confront them. Instead, he directs&nbsp; all of his anger and eye towards his employees and&nbsp;&nbsp; people who he sees as beneath him on the social&nbsp; ladder. It was also around this time that Joshua&nbsp;&nbsp; Weissman's employees delivered to him a letter of&nbsp; grievances, specifically mentioning his anger and&nbsp;&nbsp; bad communication skills. The next dish in our&nbsp; succulent four course dinner is going to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; herbaceious pesto pasta and just a little bit of&nbsp; Calabrian chili oil and parmesan cheese. The first&nbsp;&nbsp; step to any good pasta is boiling the water and&nbsp; just putting a little bit of salt in there. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to go over and make the pesto.&nbsp; Now, pesto is a raw sauce. Raw sauce. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you start off with a clove and a half of garlic,&nbsp; a handful of pine nuts, and a very healthy grating&nbsp;&nbsp; of Parmesan cheese. Then, we're just going to add&nbsp; all of our washed basil, a little splash of water,&nbsp;&nbsp; and top it off with some extra virgin olive oil.&nbsp; Take out your immersion blender again and give it&nbsp;&nbsp; a good blend. Next, we're going to add the pesto&nbsp; that we just made into the fresh pasta and just&nbsp;&nbsp; toss it around. and just start tossing it real&nbsp; good and just toss it around. And once you toss it&nbsp;&nbsp; around and it's all tossed around, then it's ready&nbsp; to plate. Now, let's try the pesto pasta. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; Georgie, you can't try this one cuz it's got&nbsp; garlic in it. So, I don't want you to have it. Very good. The simple reality is if you are going&nbsp; to run a business and you're going to produce&nbsp;&nbsp; content and you're going to pay people, please&nbsp; understand that it is going to be it's going&nbsp;&nbsp; to feel very volatile. It's going to feel very&nbsp; stressful. It's going to feel very pressuring.&nbsp;&nbsp; And now all of a sudden the videos that you're&nbsp; producing, they have to perform. It wasn't like&nbsp;&nbsp; the workplace problems just disappeared after&nbsp; the grievance letter. According to his employees,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman often had childlike tantrums where&nbsp; he threw food and cooking equipment. He pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; much would talk to everyone by attacking them. He&nbsp; would yell at them. He would try to get in their&nbsp;&nbsp; face if he could. He knew whose face to get into&nbsp; and who's not. Uh, and he would raise his voice,&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff like that. He would throw [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] depending&nbsp; on who it was. uh where he would just throw&nbsp;&nbsp; like a tantrum and just be yelling. During the&nbsp; filming of the video I Cooked Without a Kitchen,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman became so angry that he started&nbsp; punching a bowl of ice until his knuckles became&nbsp;&nbsp; bloody. Don't make me angry. You wouldn't like me&nbsp; when I'm angry. Joshua Weissman also had a really&nbsp;&nbsp; bad habit of forcing weird, overly sexual jokes&nbsp; at his employees, but that's not as surprising&nbsp;&nbsp; to me considering a lot of those jokes would&nbsp; make their way into his videos. Unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the beginning, I did a lot of sexual innuendos.&nbsp; I noticed that they got pretty good traction. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I did utilize that. Look, my mouth can do a lot&nbsp; of things, just not that respectfully. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's nothing better than some&nbsp; little cakes and little balls. Hello,&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody. One of the biggest targets of this&nbsp; harassment was Joshua Weissman's former assistant,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ulises. This is like whenever Ulises eats.&nbsp; It's cuz he has a small mouth. It's also&nbsp;&nbsp; simultaneously big at the same time. Things&nbsp; were always weird. things were always weird&nbsp;&nbsp; from from like day day three and that's just&nbsp; kind of where all like the weirdness and stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; uh kicked in. What exact like what kind of&nbsp; weirdness? Uh you know like the sex noises&nbsp;&nbsp; uh the stuff he would say to me you know saying&nbsp; I look cute that day or something like that. Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; and just you know it just took off from there&nbsp; and it was just very consistent. It would be&nbsp;&nbsp; just randomly like we would be shooting and it&nbsp; will some ass joke will come out will come out&nbsp;&nbsp; and he'll be like you listen you trying to&nbsp; get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the ass or you you want to get&nbsp;&nbsp; [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the ass and it was just always just like&nbsp; that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It was kind of like a locker&nbsp;&nbsp; room vibe for him but just him. Like the first&nbsp; time I heard something out the door I was just&nbsp;&nbsp; like yo like are you guys that cool with him?&nbsp; Cuz I'm not. After what Ulises and the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman production team went through, Josh&nbsp; decided that it would be a good idea to upend the&nbsp;&nbsp; lives of everyone who decided to stick around and&nbsp; move them from Houston, Texas to Austin, Texas,&nbsp;&nbsp; over 2 hours away. Man, since the day I met him,&nbsp; that dude's been like stuck on moving there cuz&nbsp;&nbsp; it's supposedly like the biggest food place in&nbsp; Texas. But I mean, I don't I don't I don't think&nbsp;&nbsp; I personally don't think that. But he just always&nbsp; wanted to move there. We're just kind of like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hey man, like this move is coming and we haven't&nbsp; gotten any information like, you know, what's the&nbsp;&nbsp; pay going to look like? Is the company going to&nbsp; help us move there? You know, how are we going to&nbsp;&nbsp; move there? What we're going to do with work?"&nbsp; Uh, so when we start asking questions, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp; start getting weird. He's afraid of confrontation&nbsp; with anyone he doesn't think he can bully around.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like I was trying to have a conversation with him&nbsp; like, "Hey, you remember what we talked about day&nbsp;&nbsp; one? This is not what you're telling me. In fact,&nbsp; you're not even telling me." I told him, "Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, the the it is a higher cost of living.&nbsp; This is what I think I should be getting because&nbsp;&nbsp; I know I can make it there with that to live the&nbsp; exact same way I'm living here. No, no lesser,&nbsp;&nbsp; no better." I told him I wanted a three $3,000&nbsp; difference. He was like, "No." And I was like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Bro, you shit." $3,000. Despite Joshua Weissman&nbsp; constantly refusing to give his employees a raise,&nbsp;&nbsp; his business was making more money than ever.&nbsp; I did the math and and um I probably made&nbsp;&nbsp; about $15 million. He wasn't big on like brands&nbsp; unless they were like the big brands, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the Lamborghinis, the Rolexes. When&nbsp; it came to music, Drake, right? because Drake's at&nbsp;&nbsp; the top. Like he was always into whatever is best.&nbsp; Like the best. He had to have the best. One of his&nbsp;&nbsp; watches can probably pay for like three people's&nbsp; salaries. He was reportedly being offered $100 to&nbsp;&nbsp; $200,000 per brand deal and had a GTA 5 level&nbsp; collection of luxury cars. But of course, he&nbsp;&nbsp; was only able to have those things because he was&nbsp; paying his employees poverty wages. One employee&nbsp;&nbsp; was reportedly living in a 200q ft apartment and&nbsp; was unable to pay rent when Joshua Weissman's&nbsp;&nbsp; studio relocation was delayed for 2 months.&nbsp; Other employees reported being misled about how&nbsp;&nbsp; much they would be paid with raises always being&nbsp; promised but never being delivered. Meanwhile,&nbsp;&nbsp; Joshua Weissman's luxury watch collection&nbsp; continued to grow, adding watches like the Otmar's&nbsp;&nbsp; Pigwit Royal Oak Offshore, a watch that retails&nbsp; for $34,000 while his employees were sleeping on&nbsp;&nbsp; the floor in 200 square ft boxes. Joshua Weissman&nbsp; was getting his very own Architecture Digest video&nbsp;&nbsp; on his custom built home. This is where I actually&nbsp; live. The kitchen is over there, but we'll get&nbsp;&nbsp; to that after we get to know each other. Not&nbsp; to take the credit, but it was really me and&nbsp;&nbsp; my contractor that designed it and my wife also&nbsp; who had a lot of input, I should add. What this&nbsp;&nbsp; shows more than anything is that you can have the&nbsp; fanciest equipment, most state-of-the-art studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you don't treat your team with respect,&nbsp; your content suffers. The final dish in our four&nbsp;&nbsp; course dinner is a classic steak out. The first&nbsp; thing that you need to do is salt your steak and&nbsp;&nbsp; toss it in a stinking hot pan. Once you've&nbsp; seared the steak sufficiently on both sides&nbsp;&nbsp; while maintaining a perfect temperature in the&nbsp; center, I'm not going to tell you how to do that,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way. You just you can just figure that&nbsp; out. But once you've done all that, put it on the&nbsp;&nbsp; side to rest. Now, we're going to work on the pan&nbsp; sauce. The first thing you need to do is toss in a&nbsp;&nbsp; handful of chopped shallots and a knob of butter.&nbsp; Now, before the shallots start to burn, you&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly deglaze the pan with a little bit of red&nbsp; wine and chicken stock. By that time, your steak&nbsp;&nbsp; will be well rested, and you can slice it against&nbsp; the grain and serve it with that warm pan sauce&nbsp;&nbsp; on top. We're going to try the steak now with the&nbsp; special sauce. Let me get a manageable bite here. That's by far the best thing.&nbsp; You want to try that, George? What do you give that 10 out of 10? Joshua&nbsp; Weissman may have started as a chef that&nbsp;&nbsp; wanted to teach, but somewhere along the way,&nbsp; he became a brand that wanted to win. Sure,&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming a YouTube brand means you get tons&nbsp; of money and network professional connections,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that's kind of the opposite of what YouTube is&nbsp; all about. Especially YouTube cooking videos. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; about a community. The most important thing that&nbsp; you can do, especially if your YouTube channel&nbsp;&nbsp; starts to pick up traction on the platform, is&nbsp; find ways to uplift smaller channels. Whether&nbsp;&nbsp; it's sharing their recipes or highlighting their&nbsp; videos, community and collaboration is the thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that matters the most. with Joshua Weissman.&nbsp; I think I cited like I don't know if it was&nbsp;&nbsp; from mine or something else. It's like this&nbsp; video has like 4 million views and it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; that that could be really a huge thing for&nbsp; any of the the people that he stole from.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BestEverFoodReviewShow [3600 likes]: How come no one destroys my videos or tears apart my channel or who I am as a person. 😢😢
  2. @bloodygoat6941 [1 likes]: Weissman, babish and one other guy's name I forgot are the worst offenders and with babish it wasn't about cooking techniques anymore but anime food and some other guy that wasn't him anymore
  3. @MyseptumStinks [1 likes]: Hater content goes crazy on views nowadays 😂😂😂
  4. @j3everal: Joshua Weissman plagiarized his goatee and glasses from Colonel Sanders
  5. @Creator_Cube: Turd
  6. @ThomasTheDrunkEngine: I am glad he swiched to slop, at least he isnt stealing
  7. @gavinduncan6082: He does now have a second channel where he does his old content of just making recipes
  8. @Greenstrtjs87: yeah Babish chanel ha declined a lot like wtf
  9. @FloatingAmongTheCosmos: Being honest, Babish gets a pass. Yeah its slop content but its not as bad as Joshua's, plus he does make cooking vids from time to time.
  10. @adc787: I guess Kate is also a transphob piece of shit,. because she's still with him and procreated. 

No thank you, I don't want bigoted lawyers.
  11. @adc787: brb, unsubscribing from Josh Weissman.
  12. @TheStellarJay: This is an important video and im happy you made it, but the cooking bits should definitely be trimmed out. It completely undermines the tone of the video and I feel like probably tanked the retention leading to less people seeing it.
  13. @jonathantanner7083: Damn, feeling real vindicated for not liking this guy, had a bad gut feeling about him but couldn't place why.
  14. @caymant8959: Hes brining nothing to the table, thats why youre going on for twenty minutes about him.
  15. @yaboy804: Why we low key hating on babish I like that guy
  16. @PeakMediocre: Oh, hush. You put their names in the title for a reason.
  17. @c01onel: Imo now you can just unsubscribe from his main channel and subscribe to his 2nd channel for recipes like he used to do, less goofy jokes too.
  18. @xeracorocks: Disgusting but you just described every ceo around the world
  19. @bepsi8700: This video was a pure waste of time. I really couldn't care less about how much of a greedy douche Joshua is behind the scenes. Like wow, the soulless greedy e-celeb made rich from the dipshits who watch his videos, underpays his underlings, has horrible tacky taste, and is focused only on making money and increasing the profitability of his brand, how could this have possibly happened? This subject isn't anything special for these reasons, these types of greed whores are a dime a dozen on youtube these days. No, I don't need a reason deemed morally just by the rest of the internet to hate Weissman. I and most everyone else (whether they want to say it out loud or not) hates him because he is genuinely one of the most cringe and insufferable personalities to ever spawn from this site, I can't really care too much about Weissman screwing over some clout chasing e-celeb ball washers, I'm too busy trying not to tear my own teeth out with a pair of plyers because Weissman decided to open his mouth and vocalize his personality for a few agonizing seconds. All of this could have been avoided if people just bullied Weissman off the internet for being a supreme cringelord instead of buying into his wholesome chungus epic bacon schtick wholesale. I hold his viewers accountable above everything else, always hold the consumer accountable.
  20. @recipeguy825: Ngl, I had no idea that he even had a controversy😭

- How Mr Beast finds winning ideas: Kind: captions Language: en the truth is it's not even a secret a movie was made about how mark zuckerberg did it steve jobs did it to xerox and bill gates did it to steve jobs i don't like to admit it but copying is an incredible strategy elon musk is calling jeff bezos a copycat everything's a copy copy do you copy yeah it's easier to do you can copy it copy copy copy copy until end of the copy you can find yourself our negative relationship with copying starts at school we're taught that copying is bad the problems are better solved on our own and copying someone's homework is a crime equivalent to murder as we get older it gets worse we hear words like plagiarism piracy copyright okay but wait some of the most creative minds in history have talked about how amazing copying is picasso said good artist copy great artist still which he copied from ts eliot david bowie said the only art he'd ever study is the stuff that he could steal from and writer jonathan lethem said that the reason we think so much is original is simply that 9 out of 10 times we don't know the original source the reason why copying isn't as bad as we think is because so much happens between the idea and the product we romanticize the idea but it's actually in this execution where the magic happens that is the hard bit and let's bring it back to steve jobs who said that there is a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product and yes that is mr beast the world's most successful youtuber his secret to success he copies successful tv show formats and adapts them for youtube i mean his most popular video ever is literally a copy of netflix's squid games adapted for youtube i recreated every single set from squid game in real life and yes you could say that he copied the idea or you could say he took it and adapted it for his audience and that's the key here when you copy an idea whether you like it or not you're going to take that idea and see it through your eyes through your audience size and then your version will be different tell me if you disagree with me in the comments but it's hard to argue with the fact that copying allows you to arrive at better tried and tested solutions much quicker if i still haven't convinced you just change the word copy to inspiration and admit it's basically the same thing so here's a fun easy and amazingly effective way that you can copy ideas that you're going to feel comfortable with millions of businesses have been built on ideas that people have seen when they've been traveling a different country on holiday somewhere and then taken back to their hometown or country nowadays you don't even need to get on a plane to find great ideas from other places just pretend you're a tourist and do what they would do so let's say you own a boutique ice cream shop and you want to find some ideas to boost sales so let's start by going to tripadvisor search for ice cream shops in a big city we're going to choose new york scroll down and we see taiyaki nyc click and we see that this is one of the highest ranked places for desserts in the whole of new york city so straight away we know that they have a good idea that works or what is called in business a validated idea and immediately we see these cool pictures of all these fish-shaped ice cream cones they look they look pretty cool i mean i wouldn't mind one i wouldn't mind trying one and as someone says in the comments this is instagram ice cream so there you go first idea cool shape cones and it doesn't even necessarily have to be a fish it could be something that better matches your business now let's continue scrolling down and you can see what tripadvisor's artificial intelligence has picked out of the reviews let's click on red bean paste and we see that they put red bean paste at the end of the cones people love it apparently and they think it's a great surprise so there you go idea number two put a tasty surprise at the end of the cone and it doesn't need to be red bean paste less than a minute two validated ideas copied but with your own take on them that you can start using right now and it's not just tripadvisor that you can use this for if you're an online business look at google and find other online businesses from other countries see what they're doing if you're a content creator find other content creators from other countries okay you're going to have to use a bit of google translate but the amount of ideas that this is going to open you up to is going to be huge and you're going to be doing something that very few others are doing and the reason we can sometimes get stuck for ideas is because we're often only ever looking within our normal sphere of influence this is where research as well as looking at other disciplines outside our world can really really come in handy and with the internet it's cheaper and easier to do than ever before on the screen right now you can see another video that explores other ways that you can do this so click that and see you in that video in a second [Music] um

  Top Comments:
  1. @nelsonthekinger [3 likes]: Another incredible and underrated video! I learned drawing by copying and there is some years already I accept copy as a valid strategy :))
  2. @mohammadakhondzadeh452 [1 likes]: Thanks for your sharing these usefull idea.
keep up the good work.
  3. @EddieOdyssey [1 likes]: Trade copying for inspiring
  4. @dublogicgr [1 likes]: Greta video - I like the format   - I get that you interchanged inspiration for copied but I think you could have used it a few more times and also defined more clearly the difference between copied & plaragism in the school environment becasue conflating copied in academic terms and business ideas mean two very differnt things with the former being unethical and the latter being good business practice! (-:
  5. @killerqueen684 [1 likes]: Muy bueno
  6. @undatable5838: I took a new approach with this video, and would love to know what you think! Still learning...!
  7. @แสนล้านสามแสน: ❤😂😅
  8. @แสนล้านสามแสน: 0:20 0:23 scb

- I Copied MrBeast’s Daily Routine For 30 Days: Kind: captions Language: en time is nine o'clock and for the next 30 days I'm gonna be copying Mr BEAST's daily routine I've been doing YouTube on this channel for about a year and I've managed to gain over 2 000 subscribers but to be honest I've been a bit lazy so I thought I'd copy the most subscribed to channels daily routine to try and grow my channel as much as possible in 30 days so let's go on to the rules I've currently been waking up at about 11 to 12 o'clock but that's gonna change because I'm waking up at nine o'clock and going to bed to buy one to ensure that I have eight hours of sleep and 16 hours of Total daytime and throughout the past year I've watched almost every single Mr Beast podcast to ensure that I can get his daily routine as accurate as possible so out of my 16 hours total daytime I have to spend at least eight hours working on YouTube videos in any way shape or form as Mr B said he only watches YouTube I have to spend at least two hours watching YouTube and I can't watch movies because he said that he doesn't watch movies which is Criminal but I'm gonna stop myself I'm gonna give myself about one hour to eat I'm also gonna say they have to spend at least two hours a day exercising in any way shape or form said that twice now but and with the final three hours I have left over I'm gonna spend them socializing with people like my friends if I had any all my family members that live in my house because I can't just not leave my room go that's what I do anyway I just don't leave my room I'm currently on 2083 subscribers in the past 28 days I've gained over 14.5 000 views and 57 subscribers the latest video is is a Mr Beast versus PewDiePie subscriber battle going to happen which was posted three days ago it's currently the 30th of September so on the 30th of October this challenge officially ends it's our one day zero day one day zero day oh before I start this challenge I'd already filmed and recorded like two different YouTube shorts so I'm gonna get the clips for those and then maybe start editing them I had it on my phone because I thought it's easier so this is a list of all the things that I do to make a YouTube video so that's all the things I'll be doing throughout the days let's go took me 26 minutes to get all the clips for the shorts but I'm gonna pause the timer go get some cereal time to edit the short [Music] 59 minutes in and I finished the first short the time is currently 17 minutes past 12 and I've done a total of eight hours of YouTube work today I managed to get two shorts done and one of them's already uploaded and free short scripts and finally one video script that's all I've done today I couldn't quite get the exercise in because it was raining other than that I did socialize a bit I think I played a game of Scrabble so I'm like 90 years old but that's the end of day one we'll just see you we'll see when you we'll see you we'll see you when we see you there we go hello it's day five and I thought you know it's a milestone day as with one sixth of the way there so I thought I'd bring you you know my daily routine what I've been doing my eight hours my social time already gonna show you that but yeah and my awesome basketball skills so you can see that first hand you know also we're gonna do a quick update at the end of the fifth day to see where we are and then obviously the next update will be the 10 day and then so on 20th day what just enjoy the day you know just finished the thumbnail for the Bell and The Bean video since that last clip we've been working for about two hours and a quarter on different scripts I went out for lunch and I've come back and I'm gonna go play some basketball I'm finished with the basketball and now I'm about to go back to writing and researching for Scripts it's currently the end of day five and I've done nine hours I went a bit over the top always on the grind anyway today I finished like four or five scripts for different shorts and videos and I've finished two more shorts which will be uploaded I've got like five or six shorts on private ready to be uploaded like daily also on the bell in the bean video it's doing really well it's got a thousand views he actually commented on the video which is which is really cool someone that I've just watched for ages and he actually commented on the video is just crazy yeah that's pretty much what's happened today I'll give you an update on subscriber count currently on 213 subscribers after on day five of working every day but obviously every video that I've done hasn't actually gone out and hasn't actually been published yet so not all the work has been uploaded basically anyway that's the end of day five and I'm sure I'll catch up with you on a other Milestone day I forgot to pause the timer when I was done hello it's day 10 and time to give you an update on how the challenge is going apparently on 2134 subscribers had 41.3 000 views in the past 30 days and have gained 95 subscribers in the past 30 days but it's only day 10 so we've got 20 more days of this challenge to go and I'm feeling pretty confident to be honest the shorts I've done if done really well some of them have flopped but that's just how YouTube works and the Baylor Levine video has done great I've got eight more shorts that I haven't uploaded yet they're just sitting on private and I've got a video about Isaiah photo that I'm going to be posting in the next day or two I've just got to do the thumbnail and that's me caught up with everything that's happened in the past 10 days so let's go on with the rest of the challenge I forgot to stop the timer again I really need to get better at stopping the timer also it is currently day 13 of the challenge and for the next four days I'm not going to be looking at my YouTube analytics because I've just uploaded a video it's not doing great but I know that sometimes it takes a while and it's just you know when you upload a video put that one Jeff into it and it doesn't do well it kind of gets you down so I'm just not going to look at the statistics for a while uh probably not until I have to like actually upload a video not just on like public make it public you know what I'm saying let's see how that goes and we're done with the next couple days I forgot to stop the timer again I've also moved my mic close to my face it's now down here instead of up there and also I'm going away for the next couple of days so you'll only see screenshots of the time on the screen hello everyone and it's day 17 and I haven't looked at my phone or the analytics for my channel in I think three or four days and I'm about to have a look the first time I have a 2169 subscribers that's a pretty decent gain so the past couple shorts have been doing one not so great one 7.5 K 5.2 K and 800 so they didn't do too bad the Isaiah photo video I did did not not it didn't do very well it got 48 views it has really bad click through rate and watch time so but you know I enjoyed making the video but the next video is going to be one about roadshore so I think that'll do well but we'll have to see Isaiah 41's a 10 out of 10 which sounds good but if you know YouTube it's not good but anyway that was day 17 and I'll update you on probably day 20 or day 25. the timer says zero because it bugged out and reset when I set some of our alarms today I filmed about 15 shorts uh the entire Roadshow video and I got a load of Clips ready for the edit I forgot to stop the timer again I forgot to pause the timer again today is the 28th of September which means tomorrow is day 30. I feel like I'm an apology video there anyway day 30. I've learned a lot during this challenge so before I talk about the results I just want to talk a bit to you guys about what what this challenge has done for me first I've always seen those like things where people do like two years of growing a beard and they're like this so now I can finally do one of those and this isn't going to be one of those things all the YouTubers do at the end of the video it's like zoom in dark borders and they're like it's not the work that really counts it's finding the work you want to do that really matters it's not one of those at the start of this challenge to now I am the happiest I think I've ever been I'm the type of person that if I haven't done anything throughout the whole day and I get to the end of the day and I've just done nothing I feel just down really so this challenge the fact that I can go to the end of the day and see what I've done each day is just really helped me I've started to Buck things in to do with like family and friends and well if I had friends and just film my like months and days with different stuff to enjoy and a little thing here although I did have the eight hours on the timer constantly I found that some days were a lot more productive than others as I felt burnt out and I kind of got distracted by TV and this isn't all a bad thing because I found really a passion it sounds like oh TV is your passion what shut up I just like talking about the office and Game of Thrones and different shows I've watched and I feel like I want to do more of that but I don't want to do it on this channel because you know this is more like talking about YouTubers how Mr Beast beat the algorithm or whatever I want to do it on a different channel so the channel linked to donk mustard yeah very creative name down in the description if you like TV movies whatever go subscribe to it please it mean a lot to me but yeah some days we're a lot more productive than others I'd say some days I was doing like five six hours work some days I was doing like four and then some days I had really good days where I was just so productive I got eight hours done I got scripts done videos done edits done everything thumbnails and also want to say that my thumbnails have got drastically better from the start of this challenge to the end of this challenge but this is one from the start oh I just popped it up and then this is one from the end of the challenge the my most recent video that at the time of recording isn't out yet I just I don't know I've just learned a lot during this challenge I also just want to say the around about two hours of exercise I was doing a day has helped me so much and I just feel better I've been eating healthier and just the basketball runs walks and talking basketball Mr Beast I changed you to a 1v1 at basketball because I'm just better than you anyway it's just helped me feel a lot better but now let's go on to the results after 30 days I'm now on 2296 subscribers it only shows the past 28 days on YouTube analytics so in the past 28 days I've done 116 000 views and gained 192 subscribers but throughout the entire challenge all 30 days I've gained 226 subscribers in total as you can see from the before and after the challenge is done well amazing I saw a Mr Beast thing that said focus on shorts so the past 30 days I have been doing loads of shorts and only a couple videos but the views on the videos have actually increased like a lot like my last video got 2.3 K views and like if you look at all the ones before the challenge and then all the ones during the challenge and they've all just done like amazing really it doesn't matter if this is going to take me two months two years five years ten years I'm gonna be a YouTuber because I just love doing videos and it doesn't matter how long it takes me I'm going to do this as a full-time job eventually if you enjoyed please like And subscribe to both of my channels because one day I want a high five The Rock

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cody-Coyote [10 likes]: This is your second video I've watched now. You have a very clear voice and good humor. Unique ideas on editing that are rare to see. Overall, I think you were able to truly let your skills come out when you set your mind to it. Really great work. You've earned another sub here.
  2. @MirageUchiha [2 likes]: Nice job. 👌🏾 
I've done a couple challenges in my life. 
I'm on a water only challenge rn. 
No juice, soda, etc.
  3. @calvinblackmon_sax [1 likes]: You are doing really great! The video is very well polished! Keep it up and you will continue to do great!
  4. @wonderofwonders3080 [1 likes]: do not stop
  5. @tunaXonXtoast [1 likes]: I'd like to start but I have no idea what to do. Like, where do you get ideas for videos? where do you edit thumbnails, what editor do you use, should i hire someone to do it for me? i feel defeated already.
  6. @Hello-bs7ll [1 likes]: One day you’ll blow up and someday I’ll see this and know I was an OG
  7. @funkymonkeygaming6893 [1 likes]: epik
  8. @TheGamingBunny [1 likes]: your videos and shorts are excellent, keep up the great work and that high five with the rock will happen soon :)
  9. @Cordaddy [1 likes]: Here before he’s famous 🫡🫡🐐
  10. @arc7853 [1 likes]: I'll copy his routine!
Gets a 2.5M views video
  11. @Newgen35: this video came on my up next. 
im starting out on youtube too man . 

just subscribed
  12. @samzpendle8891: Dude exellent job man. Props to you bro
  13. @benharvie4341: After you hi-five The Rock, you'll need to come up with another outro. 
Seriously though, there's alot to take away from this,  when we apply ourselves to the task, and daily habits feeding into that. Cheers.
  14. @wonderofwonders3080: you need to add some music
  15. @user-ky4en2nr7m: U Can do it Budd G luck We suporet u😁👍🏻
  16. @memhustle23: You’ve gained 9k subs in 6 days? Incredible
  17. @MusicBeSlappin209: bro blew up fast
  18. @fundifferus5423: You have beautiful eyes.
  19. @ussrmj1232: You deserve more subscribers and views man
  20. @deadshot1599: Very good video, I subscribed!

- How MrBeast makes money on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en so you do I don't know what you would call them but like integrated ads in your videos and you do I would say masterfully it's like part of the video you're talking about brand deals brand deals is that what you would call that yep so it's a brand deal it's part of the video it's still really exciting to watch and yet there's a plug for the brand in general just brand deals since you brought it up uh integrating them well I think that's something a lot of creators don't do like they'll just do a brand deal out of the blue they'll just be filming a video and then around the three minute Mark just start talking about a random company yeah and you I feel like if you don't want viewers to click away and you want people to not get pissed off and call you to sell out you got to find a way to integrate into content and ideally use the money in the video to make it better like as the easiest thing you do when you do a brand deal is just tell people how you're using money from the brand deal to make your content better and if you do that like no one cares now they're supporting you for it and you go from being a sellout to like oh I'm doing this to make better videos for you guys you know I don't know if you can share but with those Brands when you have discussions with them are they strict about how long you need to be talking about it or is it more about their leaving control to you about the artistic element of it the problem is the the ones who don't give us the artistic element we just don't really work with anymore because it's just you know we get 100 million views of video now and I can confidently say I know how to entertain them and convert them better than these random Brands so uh yeah if they don't give us that freedom I just won't work with them so you have that leverage but for smaller creators it's a lot harder yeah and they're they're gonna just say 45 seconds here's what you say take it or leave it and it's like pretty brutal because I think just in general if Brands were more accommodating to let creators tell their story onto Brandon talk about the brand in a way that felt a little more natural I I think it'd be less cringe it people would be less likely to go and you know tough times tap Skip and uh obviously it would convert better but they're just so afraid and they want this standardized thing say these words and 45 seconds right here at this three minute Mark yeah I often think about how to resist that you just don't do them though right not on YouTube right on audio I do ads in the very beginning and I say you can skip them if you want um but Grant loves that I don't like the point is they so the funny thing about podcasts is different than YouTube videos podcast people actually do listen to ads a lot because they it's slower paced and they like the the Creator voice like talking about the thing um but in general I just don't believe you should be talking about a thing for a minute exactly and that's going to be effective I want to see the data for that I think what's much more effective is the way you do ads which is like integrated into the content like put a lot of effort into making a part of that like doing the brand deals and I just it's difficult to have that conversation it's like a very strenuous conversation you have to have with with Brands you have to each one at a time and I just wish there was more of a culture to say like the quality of the ad read matters a lot more than the uh like the silly parameters like the timing of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdamNoel [29 likes]: All with a fiji water bottle tastefully in the corner
  2. @brokula1312 [2 likes]: There's just no way I'll give a flying duck about ads, no matter how you pack them.
  3. @hnaku8748 [2 likes]: Thanks for the tip. Gonna apply it to my one video made 8 years ago.
  4. @LexClips [1 likes]: Full podcast episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3_PwvvfxIU
Lex Fridman podcast channel: https://www.youtube.com/lexfridman
Guest bio: MrBeast is a legendary YouTube creator.
  5. @divine7i [1 likes]: Hey there Lex, 
meet Drkhan @LazDetroit the only rapper with a medical degree. Let’s talk?!?
  6. @Maxim.Nazarenko: Thanks.
  7. @isamaldonado3249: Mrbeast I'm your fan
  8. @MichaelCobbs: Invest in you.
  9. @wrenlinwhitelight3007: I think Bill Burr does the best job at podcast ads, like Lex says about the pace and personality. He's makes fun of his sponsors so often it's a meme on his podcast.

- MrBeast's Net Worth And How He Made Millions: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone today we're diving into the jaw-dropping Journey of Mr Beast the YouTuber who went from a smalltime gamer to YouTube's first potential billionaire can you imagine turning down a billion doll offer for your channel that's exactly what Mr Beast did so let's rewind to 2012 when 13-year-old Jimmy Donaldson aka Mr Beast launched his channel under the quirky name Mr Beast 6000 starting with Minecraft and Call of Duty he struggled to gain traction but never gave up his big break came in 20 2016 with the worst intros series skyrocketing his subscribers from 30,000 to 100,000 in just a year fast forward to 2018 Mr Beast had 10 million subscribers and was a key player in the PewDiePie versus t- series battle even buying Super Bowl ads for PewDiePie although T-Series eventually won this only fueled Mr BEAST's determination to become the most subscribed YouTuber by 2020 Mr BEAST's content had transformed with insane stunts and massive giveaways drawing millions of new subscribers monthly his video budgets soared from $10,000 to $300,000 and by 2023 his videos cost a staggering $2.5 million each his most expensive video the 1 versus $500,000 plane ticket cost $5 million this Relentless investment paid off on June 1st 2024 Mr Beast surpassed T Series becoming the most subscribed YouTube channel with 288 million subscribers his channel alone pulls in an estimated $50 million a month with his massive reach and audience engagement he earns between $4,000 and $66,000 in ad revenue for every million views his most viewed squid game video likely generated between 2.56 million and $3.8 million in ad Revenue alone additionally Brands pay him substantial fees estimated between $2 million and $10 million for access to his massive audience but Mr Beast doesn't stop there Beyond YouTube his first video onx earned $263,600 in January 20124 his feasable snack brand generates $100 million annually projected to exceed $500 million this year with these earnings Mr Beast is on track to become the first billionaire YouTuber so next time you watch a Mr Beast video remember you're not just seeing epic stunts and giveaways you're witnessing the rise of a YouTube Empire

  Top Comments:
  1. @josephsmith6944 [9 likes]: Good for Him❤😊 !
  2. @Buckski00buckshot [6 likes]: I have 495 subscribers, and can’t make a dollar .
  3. @BlenderStudy [4 likes]: Thank you for the update, TheRichest..!!  My respect to MrBeast for all the charitable things he's doing with his wealth.
  4. @EmotionsRTemporary [2 likes]: Imagine how much YouTube is making!
  5. @SongsprofessorAudioEngineering [2 likes]: 🤩🔥🔥🔥🔥🤩🤩
  6. @daughterofchrist550 [2 likes]: I have 32 subscribers,  take that Jimmy!😂😂❤❤
  7. @gumelarfarmer [1 likes]: Halo gaesss aku dari Indonesia aku dukung cenel kamu semoga kamu juga suka cenelku,, 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻💪💪💪💪💪🤟🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  8. @Darlenehere: I have downloaded games you mentioned, I followed all the prompts and did many levels,and never made a cent. Why lie about your games that supposedly pay to play?
  9. @mysafename1694: I like the challenge that you gave out on survivor season 50
  10. @Youngen411: ❤😊😮
  11. @manoolus: i'm real mrbeast
  12. @Majorpain32677: And God said what is it profit a man to gain the world but loose his soul forever as a military veteran money doesn't mean Jack crap it doesn't make you happy and doesn't bring peace and joy This is all a delusion and it's sad that this many people in this world subscribe to a person like this He's literally doing nothing to make money except acting like a kid
  13. @tddnenc: go NC
  14. @johntedesco9834: Hes the only streamet youtber that i say good for you started smal when he blew up gives back to the community gives opperstuntys to people to get rich with no is not flashy with expensivr cars has a stack to show off his money like the other curse people out for being poor prank people and mock them for not having money start fights show off cars and spit on people like there just terrible himan beings were people want to see them go broke like durdy and n3on like there so spoiled and rubs in the fact there rich
  15. @JordanSimpson-o8p: I'd rather skydive onto a needle than eat his chocolate
  16. @ShobojMia-r1o: ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😭😭😭😭🙏🙏🙏🙏
  17. @theworldfacts2422: hi dear
  18. @auro1986: he is agent of every billionaire there in america
  19. @TowManDave00: The guy is amazing!...and the MrBeast peanut butter chocolate bar is addictive...lol... You have been warned!!
  20. @keepcalm7453: ❤🙌🙏🙌🙏🙌🙏🙌❤

- How Much Money MrBeast Makes | The Full Story: Kind: captions Language: en if he can make a three-pointer i'll tell you how much i make off youtube well i never thought that this would happen and no i'm not talking about being stuck inside of a makeshift jail cell but instead getting an inside look into the business of one of the most successful creators of all time mr beast 96 000. 157 million views that's why when you say like do you set aside money 39 days of no video and you can still do that on a side channel from his humble beginnings jimmy donaldson was able to turn his genuine passion for making youtube videos into a conglomerate to businesses restaurants charities and investments and today we're getting an inside look into forbes highest paid creator allowing us to see exactly how he spends his day and his money enjoy when is the moment that you realize that you could turn this into a business probably when i started making around 20 30 000 a month is when it kind of clicked in my head i was just like wait a minute if i just had a helper i could do this two times faster i could upload twice as much and so then i just brought in a guy to help me move boxes and just help with the simple stuff and i was like oh well now let me go hire an editor and then i just basically hired someone every month for the last like six years yeah so we have basically cameras for different things as the videos have gotten crazier we've just built up a giant arsenal of stuff how many hours do you work in a day i would say since i was 11 years old almost every waking hour of the day i'm thinking of youtube in some form or capacity i feel like it was almost like baked in my dna like it just flows in my blood the innate urge to create videos and to build a youtube channel and build businesses it's just that's just what i do and if i like try to take time off i just get depressed and i feel like i lose my sanity but i also feel like i lose my sanity because we've cranked the treadmill so much on creating videos so it's like weird but if i'm not creating then i don't feel fulfilled i don't feel like i'm progressing then i feel like i'm wasting my time the problem i'm having right now is i struggle to wind down at night because i just work and work and i'll lay in bed and i'll think of ideas and i'll think of just like you know what we could have done better how we could edit a video better or finances or whatever so i'm trying to like actually find ways to like pull back a little bit and so i sleep a little bit better hopefully it's not too messy so i have everything i need in here um my bed my work computer a little bench press to get exercise in a toilet and a shower and that's my closet i was on the cover rolling stone recently which who cares about magazines whatever but steve jobs was also on the cover of rolling stone so i'm getting this blown up to be the same size as this so i can have like just matching posters of us both on the cover of rolling stone could you walk us through a normal day next week i'm gonna be flying to india to stay in like a one dollar hotel and then like a ten thousand dollar hotel in the maldives and then when i get back well that means gaming reacts well behind so i'm gonna have to do a whole day of catching up on our reacts videos i'm gonna have to do a day or two catching up on our gaming videos and then i've been gone so now i got to spend a whole day catching up on the creative and all our other main channel videos and then the video after that we're gonna do like the world's largest experiments like we're trying to make the world's largest balloon you know and then the beastberger festivals are probably going to want my head on a platter because i just spent two weeks traveling filming that video and i haven't been talking to them as much and then probably those meetings will probably fly into town the main channel is the priority and then around the main channel schedule the rest of my life kind of like forms with all the other businesses well these are just our english channels so then we're gonna have spanish portuguese brazil japanese hindi and they'll probably go down to like here my well of knowledge needs to constantly be expanding so i have more things to draw inspiration from from our ideas if not you're going to get the same ideas over and over again so it happens for a lot of creators that's why their videos are repetitive and always the same thing because if you're not constantly learning new things then your ideas are just limited to what's in your head and eventually you're going to drain it how many hours would you say it takes to edit the average video so our 100 million subscribers special i think we were just doing the math i think it was like collectively like 1700 hours across all the editors the thing is like i'm not the easiest to work with in that regard like i really want to make the video as good as possible and so we'll just be like well what if we try this and so we'll have to like basically re-edit the video to see if this other way produces a better story and if it flows better it's a lot of testing so we usually edit a video like you know five or seven times working for jimmy is like the most particular process if he's not completely happy with the video then it just keeps on going for like like an extra week and well just every single day it's like it's a long process but at the same time it improves quality apparently if you make a p joke it will drop your attention by around five percent no pee jokes that's just a no-go no matter how funny it is i mean i think it's funny but doesn't matter it's just a no-go like you can't do that there's just no no do you ever take days off so i found giving in to my natural instinct works best so i just work every day every hour of the day um until i just burn out anytime i try to stick to a schedule it just doesn't work because there are certain saturdays i'm just fired up and like god himself couldn't stop me from going and working on a video and then there are other saturdays the way i'm burnt out and so yeah i just i just kind of give in to my emotions and just work when i want to all their walls are whiteboard paint yeah so all throughout here is just all our upcoming videos this is the the box they deliver the 100 million i'm going to be 100 honest i had never even read it i didn't realize it was customized for every person remind me to read that later i thought it was just a copy print everyone do you know how many income sources you have that's an interesting one well let's see we have beastberger uh feastables we have a company where we dub channels which runs our mr beast espanol and stuff like that we do that for other people we have mr beast mississippi's gaming beast reacts yeah merch as another one honestly i'd have to like open my bank account look through it because like there's also like sub opportunities like we occasionally do things where like we built this app we had people put their finger on the outside yeah so we're building other apps in the future what would you say your main source of income is if you were to pick one thing so i'll say this because i treat you you can throw it up that uh beast burger has done over 100 million in sales and obviously that number has grown a lot bigger since then so like but again it's because it's something people can repeatedly buy merged the best margins but you know it's you just like a burger or whatever you know it's something someone can order multiple times a week merch is only going to buy like twice a year you know what i mean what about sponsorships oh yeah and sponsorships oh gosh yeah those have gone crazy recently i'll tell you over under what's what's the most you think i've gotten for brand deal three million oh well uh i was hoping you would say something lower we've definitely done deals around that ballpark yes how many people work for you it's definitely getting big i i'd say in general right between feastables and all the stuff we're doing like full-time salary probably 150 people maybe maybe 200 just kind of depends so a lot of like part-time jobs and second-hand jobs that are spun off and that's where it gets into like the hundreds but yeah this is our studio it's around 40 000 square feet studio space in america currently is in very high demand people are struggling to keep up because content creation just in general is growing year over year so having a big place like this with no beams which is what was here when we bought them there's like hundreds of these which is how most warehouses are you can't film movies you can't film content in them so it's very very hard because it's expensive it's much easier just to throw up beams to hold up the roof to find wide open space like this with none so that's why spaces like this are pretty rare do you know how much it costs in terms of running your overall business every month like on the gaming channel we probably are spending like i don't know depends like a couple hundred thousand a month reacts a couple hundred thousand a month the main channel now probably like three or four million a month um like feastables is spending probably a million or so a month beastburger same thing i mean if you're including like marketing and stuff a couple million a month i mean even like our beast uh philanthropy our charity you know i put a lot of money into that so we can have food and stuff like that so yeah it's it's getting pretty crazy who manages that um well if you go over there up those stairs you'll see a little accounting team that i walk in and i go i want to give a hundred people hundred thousand dollars they go you're crazy and i'm like good luck and here is 10 other doors and those are the people that i stress out with money the money is best spent in like just doing grander things that i find interesting that are unique original and like for the most part you can't find what we do anywhere else not at the scale we do and i think it's like that is where i want to put the money in because then that's what gets people coming back they enjoy it and then everything else benefits do they make sure that money is like put aside just for you like just in case people have been saying that since i had a million subscribers and the videos give views even if i don't upload so like if i really wanted to i could just stop spending and just live off the money 531 000 full disclosure it's late at night i haven't uploaded in a while um oh my god when we uploaded the island video we were doing five million an hour so here look at all the channels here's the other channels pick any channel you want it's 63 000 a month literally all i want to do is make the best food as possible that's why i live in the studio right over there so i don't like i'm not worried about paying for a mansion i don't drive a lamborghini i purposely have a really like dumbed down lifestyle so when because it gives you freedom like you know most people can't reinvest in a business because when they get to this level they're worried about their 10 million mansion they're like four or five cars and insurance and keeping up with that and then like their second home and all these other things i just cut it all out i have no like personal debt or like things you know that i have to pay for so i can just go all in on the business because it's like it doesn't even matter you know what i mean how much do you think it costs to build an elevator uh my guess here is probably going to be 80 grand i think that was around 200 000. why so much i thought i said the same thing i was like in my head i was like oh an elevator is like 20 grand how do you plan to expand the business ooh that's where it gets fun i think for starters you know i just want to keep making the best videos possible i have to reiterate i'm going to sound like a broken record but everything i do stems from that because if i stop making the best videos people stop watching and then festivals is relevant beast burgers are relevant all the companies are just literally irrelevant so that and then stemming off from that um next i really want to get into making mobile games i think that'd be a lot of fun because we have a gaming channel that gets like 20 million views of video and then i really want to scale up feasibles launch new products we're going to launch cookies and then beesberger we're getting into building physical locations so in two weeks we open our first physical piece burger we have 2000 virtual rebuilding that and then based on how that goes i want to build 10 and then 50 and then 100 physical locations um and just you know keep leveraging the brand i like pushing myself and i see it as a sport and like going hard in business and building them even though it's stressful and it's very difficult and like sometimes i'm like you know you have a mental breakdown you're like why am i doing this why did i push myself so hard but then when you're not doing it you're just depressed so it's like a weird system a weird situation but i love it but sometimes i don't we're gonna try to do uh world's largest hydraulic press versus a lambo see if we can squish it then we're gonna do uh we're gonna put a rocket on a car and see how many buses he can jump over um and then what's largest elephant toothpaste world's largest paper airplane what's your biggest insecurity like our videos are very fast-paced and so sometimes you do have to give up a little bit of the story in order to keep the videos moving of anything it would be that like a lot of people think the only reason we get views is because i just throw money at it and they don't realize that you know we spent a decade just studying what does well um you know studying figuring out our own style figuring out our own way to do things and that amount of hours i put into like just expanding the inspiration in my brain just so i can come up with the original ideas and the like the months and months we spend building the sets and working on it and the weeks we spend editing and all this and then you know they're just like oh he just spent money that's it that's there's nothing special you know what i mean speaking of which yeah you want to see where we store our money let's see almost every area of the internet points to youtube so i think youtube's going to keep growing it's mind-blowing and you can leverage that to build businesses or you know like do things like be philanthropy or whatever i think like people don't realize just how crazy it is for us we have a hundred million people on average that watch almost everything we put up does that ever worry you that you have that much influence on so many people we did team trees we do team c's typically our stuff centers around doing good and um no actually it excites me because i've had hundreds of parents probably even a thousand at this point tell me stories of like their kids watch that and then when they get tooth fairy money they want to go donate to charity or like their little 12 year old kid wants to go volunteer because they watch the peace philanthropy video no i feel like we're doing a good job in inspiring people to to care and you know um yeah maybe it could be perfect but in general i feel like compared to other stuff we're doing a pretty good job oh my gosh we're about to hit one point or 103 million that's yeah it's hard to say so i'm curious on this one how do you balance having a relationship with my current girlfriend she's actually from south africa so that is the hard part because i live in my studio i don't really ever do anything fun and i work 99 of the time so one thing is like i also i'm obsessed with learning and so it was very important i found someone that also likes learning so she loves reading books she loves like experiencing things so like i don't see like taking like an art class as a waste of time because that might creatively inspire me or like a pottery class or even going and shooting guns or whatever some some new thing so uh usually it's like us doing something like that where in my head i'm learning something and i can kind of justify the time you know what i mean yeah to my like business obsessed brain cell so it's that and that and it's also good to unwind um and you know so you can actually go to bed at a reasonable time and not just lay there working in your head to be a good business owner don't you have to know like where every penny in your company goes or something like that you would think but you know what if you hire someone else to do that for you then it's like yeah i just want to focus on making great videos so like i'm not as like involved oh this is pretty cool just the laser-like focus and obsession is just kind of what i aim to like implement in our videos because it's yeah it's just beautiful to see hey you should subscribe right now that you know a lot of people who wouldn't have done it because they just didn't think of it are now thinking about it and it will convert like 10 or 20 000. so literally just say it and you're good subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrahamStephan [919 likes]: Here is the full podcast! Enjoy: https://youtu.be/N26B7IHLpJA
  2. @junk.journal.atelier [1 likes]: He’s such an inspiration. I hope I can become a good YouTuber someday. On my way to 50 subbies 😂 love and blessings ❤
  3. @Thecameronblanchard: Beast=The devil
  4. @BenjaminAkinola-j8d: If MrBeast gives me money . I would treat my elder sister😢😢
  5. @norwegianblue2764: I'm familiar with Mr. Beast as a super successful YouTuber, but I've never checked out his channel and have no idea how or why he is successful. Would love for someone to make a 10 minute video explaining just that.
  6. @jesushernandez4816: Does Mr beast have a lisp?
  7. @TheLittleEntrepreneurShorts: Hahaha Great Video, Love From USA <3
  8. @Jasmine-AllCare: Great questions, very good interview
  9. @AJice1980: I don't hate Mr Beast but I just never got into his stuff.  I know it's more marketing toward children but I just never found any of his stuff entertaining.
  10. @rhettennis1657: Can i apply for beast burgers
  11. @HakanIAm: Wow
  12. @SharleneFeingold: Jimmy Donaldson is a BEAST!!! I love his drive!
  13. @emma1634: A what kind of joke?  A P joke?  What is that?
  14. @tomorrowmusicofficial: Wow amazing
  15. @priscillacatania8275: I did for U
  16. @priscillacatania8275: I just followed you.  Wish I seen it on that special board U have.
  17. @priscillacatania8275: People have no idea on the work U put into
  18. @priscillacatania8275: Respect to Mr beast.   ❤ You
  19. @priscillacatania8275: I'm going to buy a t shirt of u
  20. @priscillacatania8275: Omg U a massive.    Congratulations U make me happy knowing U help people.  But please have time for yourself.  U need to learn to switch off

- a comprehensive recap of MrBeast’s downfall: Kind: captions Language: en I feel like you're probably as sick of hearing Mr beast's name as I am but if you're wondering what all the fuss is about regarding him lately then this video is for you we're going to do a comprehensive overview of Mr Beast controversies so yall can get the gist of the conversation surrounding him also this video topic was chosen by my Instagram followers shout out to y'all if you want to vote in the poll for the next video topic follow my Instagram link down below Mr Beast is the most subscribed to YouTube channel in the world he is currently standing at 308 million subscribers at the time I'm filming this he is known on the internet for doing everything to the extreme and by that I mean doing extreme challenges spending extreme amounts of money giving away extreme amounts of money he has said that the philosophy of his channel is to pour the money he makes from his YouTube videos right back into the channel meaning the better his videos do the more extreme they're going to get his videos from his thumbnail style to the wording of the title to the pacing of the videos themselves have impacted the trajectory of YouTube at least in my opinion maybe I shouldn't attribute as Matt pad put it this era of success solely to Mr Beast but I feel like he definitely had a major role in it and at first I personally didn't see too much harm in what Mr Beast is doing the production of his videos is insane what he's able to accomplish is insane I've also found a lot of his videos entertaining but within the last several years as his Empire has grown the amount of people speaking out against him has also grown and my opinion of him has changed well you may be inclined to think this is the natural cycle of popularity with public opinion shifting from love to hate like the swing of a pendulum there are some crucial conversations to be had about the actions of Mr Beast and his crew but before we get into any of that I want to talk about the sponsor of today's video thank you so much to raycon for sponsoring this video Even though I just graduated from college you best believe I'm going back to school shopping it's such a fun time and I don't want to miss out on those sweet sweet deals something y'all need to add to your back to school list is rayon's bestselling everyday earbuds let me tell you they're a daily essential first of all look at how cute they are I don't normally see earbuds in the color lavender so it's something that I really appreciate about raycon giving us a variety of colors to complement any and all skin tones and the fit is Heavenly I shied away from earbuds in the past because I have pretty sensitive ears I'm prone to earaches but I've have not had that problem at all with these earbuds because of their active ergonomic design which allows them to fit snugly in my ear without falling out I love to wear them on my daily hotg girl walks and their discreet size and shape also makes it so that my ears don't get all sweaty some features that are also pretty cool are that they have multi-point connectivity which allows me to pair with two devices at once a 32-hour battery life I don't even remember the last time I charged them because they're still going strong and active noise cancellation with the right song you'll be like spiritually transported trust me with amazing audio quality that Ral some of the biggest names in premium audio what are you waiting for click the link in the description box or go to by ron.com toenter to get 20 to 40% off of your raycon purchase thank you so much again to raycon for sponsoring this video now let's get back to it so we're not really going to go through this chronologically we're going to take a topic by topic and also for the record Mr BEAST's actual name is Jimmy so so I'm going to use Mr Beast and Jimmy interchangeably for you know a singular man to start one of the things that sparked a lot of conversation recently was a video posted by the user dog pack 404 on YouTube with the title being I worked for Mr Beast he's a fraud before we get into the video there's actually some controversy surrounding the video itself the title makes it seem like we'll be getting some sort of inside scoop from someone who actually worked for Mr Beast but that's not really the case most of what this guy talks about anyone could have put together and made it into a YouTube video he mentions his status as you know an ex-employee of the company a handful of times but ultimately that's not the main focus of the video and people claim that he can hardly even say he was employed by Mr Beast because he only worked there for about a month according to a tweet by someone named Chucky who is a current Mr Beast employee I quickly want to debunk some of the info in this video since the guy who made it was on my team it was my decision to fire him for erratic Behavior he worked at the company for less than a month and wasn't an employee for most of the videos he mentions to have knowledge on there's so much in his video and I want to specifically address him saying our videos are fake or staged because this is not true and I was on set for many of these videos his tweet is longer and mentions specific points in the video that we'll get to you later people have also called into to question dog Pack's credibility because he made a comment about being on shrooms when he was making his video as well as when he was being interviewed by lwig he repeatedly called him the controlled op and he just overall didn't give a very good impression on viewers but viewers also bashed lwig a little bit for being blatantly Pro beast and not you know diving into some of the more concerning issues that dog pack brought up in his video anyways dog pack has since been sent to cease and desists by Mr Beast he did not really respond to those in a serious manner even when taking these behaviors that dog pack has displayed both within and outside of his video into consideration I think he brings up valid criticisms in the video that are worth mentioning the first one I want to touch on is that Mr Beast and his videos are disingenuous now already I've read a tweet by a current Mr Beast employee who has adamantly claimed that the videos are not fake which isn't surprising because Mr Beast expresses that same sentiment Time and Time Again part of his brand is the fact that what he presents in his videos are truthful to how they occur so much so that Mr Beast and his crew commonly joke about faking videos during the actual video but no we to be the real channel that doesn't fake things dog pack briefly brings up Mr BEAST's use of CGI possibly fake countdowns and possible voiceovers that are put in in post production and personally if those claims are true I could look past them for the sake of entertainment however then we get into a deeper issue with dog pack claiming that the prizes that Mr Beast claims will go to random subscribers actually go to his friends and family I guess you forgot she's your hiring manager I actually recognize a lot of people people in this video including Jimmy's own girlfriend so yeah the random subscribers you see in challenges are actually never random they're almost always local to Mr Beast and often times friends and family of Mr Beast employees or just the employees themselves he did provide evidence that at least a few people in Mr BEAST's videos are related to Mr Beast whether they be friends or employees and Mr Beast doesn't say anything about knowing these people in the video so it kind of implies that they're random when they're not however Chucky in his tweet that I mentioned before pointed out that in one particular video because of Co and some people um had Co so they couldn't participate in the video then Mr BEAST's employees stepped in and like you know filled some of the seats dog pack focused a lot on this guy named Mac who I believe was presented as a random subscriber or just like a random contestant when really he was connected to the Mr Beast team and won you know multiple different prizes I found public records showing that Mac moved from California to Greenville North Carolina where Jimmy is located back in August 2023 2 months before he appeared as a contestant also he didn't just move into any old house he moved into a million dooll mansion what are you going to spend the $800,000 on I mean my life's changed now yeah I'm sure that $800,000 is really going to change your life so in that sense that could arguably be counted as being rigged another instance is these two YouTubers winning the Mr Beast Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory thing also these tickets one of them just so happened to go to a YouTuber with 700,000 subscribers at the time just pure chance this was just tape it was taped no freaking way so it is like really like total chance obviously like you're one of like hundreds of thousands of names talk to Jimmy B what do you got to say to Jimmy thank you for picking us no he didn't it was random was it though was it random also this guy went on to win the Chocolate Factory and extremely unlikely things do happen but uh can we see how the winners were chosen maybe so ultimately I think that that the Chocolate Factory one was likely rigged I think that the Mac situations were likely rigged now let's just say that the only times that Mr Beast rigged manipulated the video gave the prize to a friend under the guys that they were a stranger were only these couple of times that still means that Mr Beast faked at least a couple of his videos and then lied to his fans about it you may be like Amanda well if this is true why does it matter if it ultimately leads to more entertaining videos well in my opinion and this is a theme we'll touch uh upon more in depth later Mr Beast channel is built upon the idea that supporting him will reward you he also knows that his audience is primarily children the average demographic is what 13- 17 is that the biggest spike in your analytics well I mean mine's horeshit it says like 18 to 24 if I know all my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] viewers are little kids personally I find taking advantage of children by capitalizing on their hopes of winning a prize and then lowering their odds of winning that prize that much more by giving it to someone you know and then lying about it to them to be incredibly cruel but let's just say that for whatever reason this whole claim is false not once did he rig a video to be more in control of the situation every person that has been presented as a random Mr Beast subscriber is in fact a random Mr Beast subscriber even so we still have a strong case that Mr Beast faked at least one of his videos because a little less than a year ago longtime YouTuber Rosanna Pansino spoke out about the fact that when Mr Beast released his video of extreme $1 million hide and seek where big creators were competing for a chance to give $1 million to their fans Mr Beast rigged who won and lied about who were in the top three in the video Mr be said that the winner of the competition was Zach King he was awarded the a million dollars to give to his fans lay was in the top two but was disqualified for sleeping in his hiding place and failing to move when he was told to do so and Logan Paul was in third however Rosanna said that after lay was disqualified she was in third place quackity was in second place and Zack King was still the one who won however technically he should have been disqualified because he was hiding in the ceiling and that was deemed off limits so ultimately in reality quacky is the one who should have won the entire competition there is a clip of quack saying on stream near around the time the video came out that he came in second place so I was I was in I ended up being in third place I ended up being in third place because they found me but lay was in that video and lay was asleep so I was technically second place so I was I was the second place in that video so I got out of the xer machine right when Jimmy is driving by on a golf cart just oh my gosh just bad luck but I made it to uh top four fourth place uh so I'm really proud of myself cuz that's just a miracle never thought I would make it this far so for seemingly no reason at all Mr Beast manipulated The Narrative of the video rigged the outcome of the video to be that rosan and quacky weren't in the top three at all and he allowed Zack King to win even though he went against the rules he didn't tell Rosanna about this change so she was completely caught off guard when the video came out and then later on when she asked Jimmy why he did that he replied I don't know what do you mean you don't know and if you're asking yourself why this matters quacky was robbed of a million that he would have been able to give to his fans that's an awful thing to do to have rules set in place to make it a Fair competition and then completely disregarding them it also seemed like Mr Beast wasn't all that concerned that his seemingly small decision to alter the narrative impacted the lives of a lot of people I don't think that's something to take lightly and maybe you know his mind can't comprehend how large of an amount of money a million dollars is now that he's dealing in hundreds of millions of dollars but anyway this situation is actually what caused me to start seeing Mr Beast in a different light and this isn't the last time that Rosanna would speak out against against Mr Beast more recently she's been using her platform to publicize the stories that people have been telling her about the conditions of Mr BEAST's production on set of the upcoming show Beast games basically Amazon Prime gave Mr Beast $100 million to create this competition reality show AKA Beast games in which 2,000 people would compete for $5 million and on the actual show Beast games I'm pretty sure it'll be a th000 people but um it started out as 2,000 people because Mr Beast will make a video about that whittling that number down to 1,000 and on that note actually I don't think that contestants were told that the number would be 2,000 like when they were signing up for the competition I think the promotional thing said 1,000 so they weren't aware that their odds had been cut in half and they felt you know Betrayed at that and then things only got worse from there Rosanna made a series of Tik toks explaining claims being made by past and present contestants because um this is still being filmed there are people that are still competing for the $5 million as well as some crew experiences and from people behind the scenes so they've been messaging her and the gist of it is they claim the games cater to young athletic men because the challenges in the games favor speed and strength some contestants even went so far as to Target the weaker ones um a lot of them being women and so I don't know what the chall challenge is because you know it's probably still confidential but apparently they started tackling these women these women ended up with injuries broken bones these guys were not penalized for it there were mosh pits there are claims that multiple people had seizures because they weren't given timely access to their medication one person didn't get timely access to their insulin as a diabetic claims that they were being fed very little very infrequently scarce access to water um really bad sleeping conditions they barely got any sleep sometimes they were expected to sleep during the day and they were living in like the stadium claims that they had delayed access to clean underwear that they were supposed to be provided with plane tickets home but they weren't given in a timely manner so they had to resort to paying out of pocket to find their own means of transportation home because you know these people got to work a person claimed that the people running the games offered contestants who lost $11,000 to agree that they would not join any sort of class action lawsuit and later they offer these same contestants in addition $1,000 for any sort of inconveniences in general it seems like this event was poorly planned and poorly executed Rosanna said that she heard from a trusted source that Mr Beast and his crew specifically requested that the production of Beast games be nonunion meaning that there would be less regulation and they didn't need to spend as much money on compensation and Rosanna showed an email from the International Alliance of theatrical stage employees stating that Beast games had been deemed an unfair production and that no member is permitted to work on this production in a New York Times article titled willing to die for Mr Beast and $5 million they wrote that a spokesperson for Mr Beast said the shoot was unfortunately Complicated by the crowd strike incident extreme weather and other unexpected logistical and Communications issues the spokesperson said Mr Beast had started a formal review and had taken steps to ensure that we learned from this EXP experience representatives for Amazon MGM Studios declined to comment the rest of the article shared stories that were very very similar to the ones that Rosanna had been sharing I remember when Mr Beast did his rendition of squid games people were joking about the fact that he was doing that because why are we creating our own version of a show when the TV show drama on Netflix is originally based on extremely wealthy people using human lives as Commodities and using human suffering is entertainment it's weird that pretty much the only thing that's separating fiction and reality at this point is the fact that no one is actually dying that may sound dramatic but according to the claims um brought forth in the New York Times and brought forth by Rosanna there have been abysmal living conditions violence and mobs that went without any sort of repercussions and a multi-millionaire overseeing the project valuing entertainment Above All Else and it's not like this is anything new or that no game show has ever done this before but I think the direct comparison from watching the TV drama on Netflix squid game where a lot of you know the public us the viewers shared a moral opposition to the wealthy people running and enjoying the games followed immediately by one of the most popular YouTubers stepping into the role of the villain and now we're hearing that the contestants on the show were legitimately suffering but I mean that's literally the theme of Mr BEAST's Channel how far will you go for the chance to win a lot of money and that actually brings me to the primary topic of dog Pack 404s video dog pack claims that Mr Beast employs illegal lotteries he cites multiple cases happening primarily during these two live streams the other big one being Feasta BS his brand of chocolate bars docpac did a good job explaining what an illegal Lottery is in his video Captain Sparkles also made a video about the situation in specific regard to Illegal lotteries but I'm I'm also going to explain as well to reiterate what they both say in general lotteries are illegal unless you're talking about the lottery as in the one run by the government there are a few exceptions but usually a person can't just run their own Lottery lotteries are usually formatted as if you buy this then you have a chance to win this if a gamble has all three elements a consideration which is you know usually payment B random chance and C having a prize that's a lottery and that's illegal you need to take out one of these three elements in order to make it legal for example a contest takes out random Chance by having people you know use a skill and compete a sweep Stakes takes out the pay to entry doc pack adamantly claims that Mr Beast has employed many illegal lotteries throughout his two live streams where he's selling his merchandise that are no longer publicly available on his channel Captain Sparkles pretty much acknowledges the same thing the reason why I hesitate to say that what Jimmy has done is illegal is because I feel like the methods Mr Beast employs are probably technically legal through some loophole or other the entirety of Mr BEAST's brand functions on a similar system if you support Mr Beast you may win a prize a lot of giveaways function like this and a lot of creators do giveaways if you subscribe to my channel you'll be entered for a chance to win the newest iPhone does that sound familiar now giveaways are allowed because that's technically a sweep Stak so you don't have to pay to enter no purchase necessary you're good to go subscribing following commenting doesn't cost any money you get into much riskier territory when you are encouraging people to buy things from you in order to be entered in a chance to win something like Mr Beast does all the time Mr Beast has done a couple of live streams and in both of these live streams the main message was if you buy this shirt then you may win a massive prize because in these live streams he doesn't say no purchase necessary it would seem like this is an illegal Lottery but then it got me thinking don't creators do this all the time though David Do's QR puzzle immediately comes to mind and actually now that I'm thinking about it David and Jimmy have some similarities but then you also think about the ones that you've seen on television like the Danimals cruise and the ones on the cereal boxes and other food products and they advertise these grand prizes with the not so mandatory but basically mandatory condition of buying the product the reason that these types of things are able to function is because like I you know briefly mentioned before the no purchase necessary option needs to be available and in my opinion you know I'm no lawyer but not only does it need to be an option but it needs to be a publicized option it needs to be adamantly cleared to the public that there's no purchase necessary with Danimals and like cereal boxes and stuff it is pretty adamant because in the commercial itself there's always that line at the end that goes no purchase necessary many will enter only one will win so buying the product they're advertising is not a condition for entering the sweep stakes and it would be considered a sweep stakes in this case instead you usually send a letter to indicate your interest sending a letter isn't technically free but you know I digress and sending a letter is the no purchase necessary option which will give you an equal chance in the drawing supposedly as buying the product would however unlike food products where you're probably buying them like cereal on a regular basis so it doesn't even really feel like an added expense buying merchandise like a Mr Beast shirt you're definitely going out of your way to make that purchase on top of that the glaring problem that I see with Mr BEAST's method of sweep Stakes is that he does not make the no purchase necessary option abundantly clear for example for this particular feasable sweep staks nowhere on the main page does it say no purchase necessary in fact it preaches the exact opposite and that's the thing unless you know about this clause and are specifically searching for it you probably won't come across it to find it you need to click how to enter and then go to the official rules and only then will you get information on how to apply without purchasing dog pack brings up Mr BEAST's first live stream where apparently and we don't know for sure because the video is no longer public which is sketchy in his own right he has not heard saying even Once In The Stream that no purchase is necessary and it didn't appear to be on the website or in the description of the video that's what dog pack claimed I don't know if that's you know completely accurate it but in the second live stream again it he wasn't heard saying in the actual live stream that no purchase was necessary but there is a disclaimer in the description of the live stream Captain Sparkles did a video on this like I mentioned and he actually admits that he accidentally ran an illegal Lottery he says that it's a common Pitfall for creators who want to give back to their Community um in his particular case he was running some sort of charity event and he wanted to give back to people who had had donated and that you know when people give money and then you enter them in a chance to win a prize that you know that system is an illegal Lottery and so he gives Mr Beast the benefit of the doubt because he knows that it's a common Pitfall for creators to fall in and if you aren't aware of the logistics of lotteries I certainly wasn't I had no idea about any of this stuff before I was researching this video so captain sparkle said that Jimmy probably has good intentions and wants to give back to his community I disagree with that I'm not giving Jimmy the the benefit of the doubt because if what dog pack 404 said was true about the fact that Mr Beast didn't have the no purchase necessary disclaimer in anywhere in the first live stream but then he did in the second that makes me believe that someone told him about the you know legality of the situation which caused him to add the no purchase Clause but he continues to employ these manipulative methods anyway because it makes him a lot of money saying no purchase necessary I ently throughout the duration of the live stream would completely defeat the purpose the purpose being he wants to sell merchandise you may be like Amanda there's only a few Clips a few segments available of these live streams you know they're no longer public how do you actually know what you're talking about because I was there [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this live stream took place 4 years ago I had just turned 17 it was the first and last time I bought merchandise from a Creator consider me swindle but damn it I was curious what if I was one of the lucky few who would get a Tesla over and over Mr Beast would tell me to buy a shirk that I could win that I would probably win with all of the prizes they were throwing in each and every package heck he was giving so much money away he might not even make any granted memory is a Fickle thing but I watched several hours of this live stream waiting for my time to buy this stupid goddamn shirt not once did I hear him say that you do not need to purchase something in order to win one of the prizes so like I said I was waiting for my perfect moment to strike the lotteries were very unorganized he was telling you to buy a shirt in 5 minutes to get a prize no wait 7 minutes no wait 3 minutes I actually remember regretting buying my shirt immediately after the fact because right after I did he offered another prize that was bigger and better but I got my order confirmation I waited patiently for that package containing what I could only assume would be my shirt buried beneath piles of cash but when the order arrived it just contained this shirt now for being real did I actually genuinely believe that I would be one of the people who would win a massive prize no I was mostly doing it for the memes and I only bought one shirt so you know it's not like I did anything crazy but that's what gambling does it prays on your hope until that hope wins out over you know your logic and then before you know it you just spent 50 bucks on a shirt you don't even want with this particular shirt there was a guarantee that came with it it would be signed by by at least one member of the Mr Beast crew including Mr Beast himself my shirt had a signature MB in the bottom right hand corner now back then when I saw this when I opened up my package and saw who signed my shirt I was immediately skeptical you're telling me the Mr Beast signed my shirt but who is I to question the all powerful Jimmy in all his beastliness renowned for staying true to his word however literally on the live stream there's evidence of someone forging Mr BEAST's signature here's a clip of Tyler forging or not maybe not forging using Mr BEAST's signature so Tyler signs MB which is Mr Beast signature then he covers it signs his own initials TC smirks looks around and then quickly slides the shirt away could you make it any more obvious you know you don't accidentally have someone else's signature as muscle memory there are even different variations of the MB in different handwriting Styles presumably because they were written by different people what variation is mine you may ask I have no goddamn clue because I watched this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] over and over again without a single regard for the safety of the signature why because like I said I had my doubts about whether it was even real and I spent 50 bucks on this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you best believe I'm aware it if you think for whatever reason like this is a fake shirt or I washed this shirt over and over again recently to make this point guess again I made a video 7 months ago where I played Just Dance featuring the shirt in all its Glory with no signature to be seen anywhere I dare you to find a lick of Ink on that bad boy anyways why is this so harmful first of all promising a signature and then having it forged is completely unacceptable all we have is Jimmy's word and I guess the word of the employees that the signature is real and that's not looking too good right now second of all I will reiterate that Mr BEAST's audience is primarily children I was a child at the time he knows this and still he employs manipulative tactics borderline illegal and I mean the reality is is that it's straight up gambling for the purpose of profiting off of their fundamental innocence and for profiting off of people who are already susceptible to gambling and then we get into his latest Endeavor selling chocolate bars through his brand febles it was originally marketed as this like super healthy chocolate bar in comparison to bigger name brands like Hershey's it only has five ingredients well technically um the bar is differ ranging from 4 to six ingredients he has called it infinitely healthier than Hershey's whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that means apparently recently feasable changed its ingredients Without Really you know an announcement the new ingredients look more or less the same to me maybe they're more processed I'm not really um educated on this topic maybe they thought if they kept the number of ingredients more or less the same people wouldn't notice but it's not like herius has an incredibly long list of ingredients I don't know they all seem kind of more or less the same to me first of all putting the words chocolate and infinitely healthy in the same sentence is absurd then packaging it as a barely legal Lottery and marketing it towards children is crazy beware of candy from strangers kids Mr Beast is not your friend now tricking me into gambling is one thing but he got my mother too I came home one day to find a package of Feasta BS in the pantry and I was like who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bought this who was Jimmy's latest victim turns out it was my mom we did not win $10,000 through that purchase in case you were curious but she actually does love the chocolate that's an endorsement for you right there Jimmy one that you could not pry out of Keith this is the one you believe in yes it's not crazy jimy no you don't like Crunch bars I do like Crunch bar but all right this brings me to the last and final topic which is Ava Tyson she has been featured in many a Mr Beast video because she is Jimmy's longtime friend I believe they were friends before they started working together news started circulating around her because about a year ago she shared to the public that she had separated from her wife she is a transgender woman and goes by she her pronouns now the amount of transphobia I witnessed after this announcement was made at the time was absolutely disgusting I remember it vividly but thankfully a lot of people spoke out against the harassment that Ava was experiencing including Mr Beast and Ava's ex-wife during this time there's one particular video that was making its rounds it was originally entitled why Chris will soon be a nightmare for Mr Beast lots of people spoke out against this video and lent their support to Ava because the sentiment of the video is that Ava will be a nightmare for Mr Beast because she now identifies as a woman some people are now looking back on this video with everything that's come out about Ava and are being like whoa actually this guy predicted the future he's so right no the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he was not if someone a year ago said that Trisha PES will give birth to a girl because the late Queen Elizabeth will be reincarnated as her baby you can't sing single out the first part of that sentence and be like oh well since this part is true the whole statement is true that's not how it works Avid did become a nightmare to Mr Beast but it's not because of the reasons discussed in this video and it's harmful to perpetuate that narrative and the crazy thing is that at the time the Creator could have made a video about Ava discussing past problematic Behavior because the stuff that's coming out now is stuff that had already happened back then but that's not what it was it was a video with pretty blatant transphobic undertones disguised as commentary and the thing about this is that Ava's identity as a transom has nothing to do with the conversation about her past problematic behaviors so basically to get into it in terms of why she's trending right now basically this was sparked by a guy who made a video on YouTube saying that Ava groomed someone named lava when Ava was in her early 20s and he was 14 essentially he made the video an allegation on lava's behalf without lava's consent so then lava came out and said what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's not true at all however even though this particular allegation was false this sparked people to look into Ava's history and that's where we get into problematic behavior and disturbing activity the first of which is and this term has been thrown around a lot edgy jokes I think that undermines the severity of what was being said a little bit but nonetheless Ava was making really inappropriate comments ments in her early 20s on a public Discord server that included kids as young as 14 years old who were not only a part of this public Discord server but were moderating it this would include Ava contributing to conversations with these minors calling each other you know Mommy Daddy calling each other sexy sharing sexually explicit drawings which is completely and utterly inappropriate lava had been really defending AA up until this point but um after reading the Discord laks and after reliving the messages after all this time he amended his earlier statements about only the Discord uh comments and he said I thought I had a good memory of the situation but I was wrong after reading the chat logs this stuff was inappropriate and wrong I was a minor in the situation and not the adult influencer who shouldn't have allowed this to happen Jimmy had his fair share of edgy jokes in his past as well like when he allegedly responded resped to a comment about selling black people for money and he said the most I would pay is probably 300 also he was on a podcast and Jimmy jokingly asked one of the people he was on the podcast with if they would stick their dick in a bad baby I think that's how you pronounce her name who was 14 years old at the time the person on the podcast that wasn't Jimmy later came out and said that they were purposefully trying to clip Farm AKA um they were trying to have people take this clip out of context they were purposefully trying to be edgy and so about these particular statements Mr BEAST's spokesperson spokesperson strikes again came out and said that when Jimmy was a teenager he acted like many kids and used inappropriate language while trying to be funny over the years he has repeatedly apologized py cuz so far I've only heard the spokesperson and has learned that increasing influence comes with increased responsibility to be more aware and more sensitive to the power of language after making some bad jokes and other mistakes when he was younger as an adult he has focused on engaging with Mr Beast Community to work together on making a positive impact around the world a that's so nice Jimmy why don't you use the power of language to speak for yourself I mean maybe he has I haven't looked into his specific apologies but so far I haven't seen anything that he's said directly except actually for a tweet that we'll get to in a second but what's up with speaking through a spokesperson is that some sort of business tactic but something that has been really concerning that has come out is that Ava had been a longtime supporter of this artist named shadman they are well known for creating Lon art I don't know if I'm saying that correctly this phrase derives from the English phrase Lolita complex which if you know the whole Lolita complex thing it's derived from a novel but this particular type of art is a genre of fictional media in Japanese popular culture which focuses on young girl characters particularly in a sexually suggestive or erotic manner Ava bought a poster from shadman and displayed it in a living room and there is a video on the Mr Beast Channel I think or was at one point of Mr Beast being in the room and looking directly at the poster aa's apology on Twitter is as follows I would like to apologize for any of my past Behavior or comments if it hurt or offended anyone it was not my intent seeing recent events we've mutually decided it's best I permanently step away from all things Mr Beast and social media to focus on my family and mental health I never groomed anyone the person who gets brought up in these accusations has vocally supported that they are false having said that I humbly apologize to anyone I've heard with my unacceptable social media posts past actions and to those who may feel betrayed by how I used to act online Mr Beast then made a response not by spokesperson over the last few days I've become aware of the serious allegations of avid Tyson's Behavior online and I'm disgusted and opposed to such unacceptable acts during that time I've been focused on hiring an independent third party to conduct a thorough investigation to ensure I have all the facts that said I've seen enough online and taken immediate action to remove AA from the company my channel and any association with Mr Beast I do not condone or support any of the inappropriate actions I will allow the independent investigators the necessary time to conduct a comprehensive investigation and will take any further actions based on their findings interesting that Ava said it was Mutual but Jimmy said that he removed her anyway I have problems with these statements what is up with the vague language Ava's apology and Mr BEAST's spokesman apology and Mr BEAST's statement on the matter reduced the actions to past action bad jokes and other mistakes inappropriate actions what are you talking about specifically what are you referring to to me that's a generalization that lacks true accountability Ava you made jokes of an inappropriate sexual nature two minors as young as 14 in a public Discord server purchased and proudly displayed Lyon artwork and then not only that but you exposed these same children to these types of artworks it's one thing to partake in that yourself it's another thing to actively I don't know perpetuated to these kids Mr Beast Jimmy you say that you've only been made aware of certain actions within the last few days there's evidence of you looking at the poster that Ava purchased from shadman he was also in the Discord server that Ava was in joined in on an inappropriate joke or two what do you mean you've just become aware of this over the past few days now he could be referring to the lava allegations as well as um an sa allegation that also came out during this time posted by musina on Twitter which he might not have known about and is investigating further she met Ava as an adult but there was a power imbalance because she was aa's assistant and as a result um this woman claims that she felt coerced into doing different various sort of sexual activities AA hasn't spoken on this though don't really know what's going to come out regarding that in conclusion I feel like we have a pretty good understanding of what Mr BEAST's goal is he wants to be the best and if I were to guess why he would want that perhaps it's to gain recognition to entertain to make money and you know in part to give back as well although it's important to point out that whether intentionally or not Mr BEAST's philanthropy has shielded him from criticism to an extent but I do think he genuinely likes giving back but again that doesn't mean that he's immune to any sort of criticism someone can donate a lot and still do awful things what Jimmy seems to neglect is the how in the equation how does he achieve his goals how has he managed to become the best by sometimes lying and sometimes manipulating his young Audience by excusing his own harmful Behavior as well as the harmful behavior of his close friend until it was bad for his business by encouraging gambling to children by cutting Corners in production leading to an abysmal set quality for the cast and crew alike I really hope he's going to change how he runs his business although I don't I like I can't realistically see it because it's hard to imagine the Mr Beast Channel functioning without the psychological tactics of hey support me and I'll maybe get you a Tesla at the very least don't have your fans pay to enter a sweep Stakes masquerading as a lottery I think working on accountability humility and safer working conditions is very doable especially in terms of taking like immediate courses of action will Mr Beast be able to let go of his Ambitions and prioritize the well-being of others now that he's number one only time will tell and you know what's so crazy this man is only 26 years old so when he started popping off like what 4 years ago he was 2 too well made me think he was older the facial hair he's the same age as lay Brett Rivera tan Mojo he's definitely old enough to know better that's for sure but in the grand scheme of Life he's young so hopefully he has some growth left in him thank you all for watching today's video I hope you enjoyed let me know if I missed anything questions comments concerns and I will see y'all next time bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabrielsfilms2086 [4 likes]: 11:15 no, no, he wanted to go on a call over it. which, imo, is even worse! like suuure move from text to call, yknow, the thing thats harder to keep record of?
  2. @nonymouswisp8176 [1 likes]: I miss when Mr Beast was just a stupid teenager doing dumb stuff because it was entertaining and not this phoney philanthropist shit.
  3. @DanielWilliams-t1b [1 likes]: he sold deez nuts to kids while hiring a registered sex offender  for YEARS and ENCAGING children in boxes for MONEY CHALLENGES to GIVE MASS AMOUNTS OF RANDOM CASH TO THE KIDS my brain has no idea what to feel about anything about this besides "mr beast is paying off the parents for their weird gooner crimes or something" idk? but he is funny and i like him and he gives people chocolate and burgers and money and jungle gyms and fun things for the kids oh wait THEY ALREADY HAVE THOSE FACILITIES OUTSIDE HIS "DEEZ NUTS" BRAND SO IDK FAM WHO IS RESPONSIBLE
  4. @mariakhan7986: 14:06 I would be very interested in knowing which men it was specifically that found an opportunity to put hands on a woman, and went so hard they broke bones...
  5. @Clubberdude-sp1gw: They sell those feastable bars for like 69p at my local supermarket. Weirdly they taste ok. I probably shouldn't be supporting Mr Beast though...
  6. @QuietusTiger: Bro is tryna launch a mobile brand and had a theme park open in Saudi last year he's definitely not fallen quite yet
  7. @actualSKR: Holy peak
  8. @Nightswarmer: So, I was today years old when I realized Mr. Beast is like a week younger than me.. Puts life into.. Crisis, honestly..
  9. @toastlotl: Jimmy is proof that money can corrupt anyone, i remember watching his “reacting to kids youtube intros” series that he used to do, and the early days of his challenge videos where it was just his friends and the challenges were low stakes. as his popularity grew so did the scale of his content, and it all got very out of hand very quickly, his challenge videos used to mostly only feature himself subjected to his own antics, while his friends kept him company and helped with video production, he would never dream of doing something like that now, since he realized he can just pay someone else to do whatever he wants, and he’ll still make most of the money
  10. @wotan_nightshade: So he spent 95 million to give away 5 million
  11. @monikabeachy778: So was willy wonka and McDonald’s illegal?😮
  12. @monikabeachy778: $50!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
  13. @thedon-free: yeah sorry bud looks like you were wrong on this one.
  14. @SjenaCrow: My 54 year old father who does not follow anything regarding anything online scoffs every time I say Mr beasts name and if my dad doesn’t trust him neither do i
  15. @remytherat: the reveal of the mr beast shirt was so fucking funny
  16. @farzanazulfiqar1201: Oh shutup stop playing this woman card everywhere . I personally know jimmy and he is a darling of a human !
  17. @emlovelady3203: love your vids girl, but i’ve never gotten more ads watching any other channel i don’t know why im only 10 minutes in and ive had 3 ads already. and it makes it rly hard to enjoy these long form videos that i just want to listen to in the background when i have to keep pressing skip ad every 3 minutes😔i rly do love your content so if there’s anything u can do to space out the ads a little more that would be great. i understand u gotta get ur bag but we viewers want to be able to engage in the video without a distraction every couple mins.❤️
  18. @beanz_beanz_beanz: Miso beef lmfao i cant
  19. @pantherscove2452: I can tell you Mr Beast did not partake in any illegal activity. Even though he didn't advertise the alternative way to enter the competition. It's still not illegal. But I'd have to dive deeper and ask some lawyers I know. To be sure. 

Note I'm not a lawyer this an't legal advice I'm just telling you what I know from a legal perspective. So take it with a few grains of salt. At least until I can verify the laws surrounding gambling. And what Mr beast did
  20. @marisal196: 26??;!:!!/!!

- Beast Games Controversy EXPLAINED: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Mr Beast these are my five friends and what you are about to see will blow your mind welcome to watch Mojo and today we're breaking down the controversy that turned Jimmy Mr Beast Donaldson's latest Venture from Beast games into squid gam I am standing on $5 million of real money the largest grand prize in entertainment history and competing for this $5 million are these 1,000 contestants come on it who is Mr Beast look some of you may be rolling your eyes that we have to explain this at all but for viewers of a certain age a quick explainer might be necessary born James Steven Donaldson this ubiquitous YouTube Megastar came from humble beginnings dropping out of East Carolina University in 2016 to pursue total virality it didn't take long for Donaldson to meet that goal in a move that foreshadowed the huge scale intricacy of his later stunts his first viral video was that of him simply counting to 100,000 on camera 352 93 353 93 354 93 355 93 356 since then Mr Beast has published a number of Highly viral competition themed videos including an homage to Netflix's squid game in doing so he's become the most subscribed YouTuber of all time reaching 300 million subscri subscribers in July 2024 ladies and gentlemen look to your left and look to your right 1,000 of you will be eliminated by the end of this video but for the other half of you moving on to Beast games one of you will walk away with the life changing record shattering grand prize of $5 million what is Beast games okay we've covered its host now what about his new Prime video competition show I grew up homeless and now I want to help other homeless kids and that $5 million would mean everything to help me get there if I win $5 million I could use that to make passive income for the rest of my life it would provide me the opportunity to retire my dad difference that money can make and how it can support a community completely getting my whole family out of the poverty pipeline frequently touted by Donaldson as the biggest ever of its kind the YouTuber also claims that Beast games offer $5 million the largest cash prize of any game show in history filmed in Las Vegas and Toronto Beast games has also set another kind of record the biggest cast ever for a reality show with 1,000 contestants participating this is going to be crazy everyone's so excited good luck man this show is bigger than anything you could ever imagin we've got the most players millions of dollars of cash prizes on top of the $5 million we're giving away a Lamborghini and a multi-million doll island we even built an entire city that said you clicked on this video for a reason what exactly happened for Donaldson to be accused of placing contestants in dangerous circumstances and conditions as a condition of their employment before the games begin I have an offer for all of you most shows have a grand prize of $1 million but on our show we're going to give away aill milon before we even played the first game bring out $1 million the lawsuit Jimmy is not the same person that he is on camera as he is off camera shortly after the filming of Beast Game season one had wrapped Donaldson's production company was sued by five Anonymous contestants who had participated on the show a class action complaint the plaintiffs have formally accused Donaldson and others involved with production of Beast games of a number of unsavory charges they didn't have access to their medication in a lot of these situations it it was life-saving medication these include but are not limited to failure to pay minimum wages negligent infliction of emotional distress failure to provide uninterrupted meal and rest breaks and perhaps most troublingly of all sexual harassments in addition Donaldson and Amazon were alleged to have taken measures to avoid properly compensating their contestants such as classifying them as volunteers and not employees we had finally gotten access to food after about 10 hours and I witnessed a male just collapsed right in front of me and he was convulsing squalid conditions if the accusations leveled by the lawsuits plaintiffs are found to be true in a court of law then Donaldson will have some serious explaining to do I think that the injuries are just appalling because they're injuries that could easily be avoided what types of injuries are you hearing about I heard people got trampled during that first game I got trampled every line had a group of people at the back that were just getting trampled and I watched a woman get knocked down cold as reported by the New York Times in September one of the unnamed plaintiffs was quoted as saying I just left feeling really insignificant and mistreated and traumatized I still haven't gotten paid I just hope no one else ever has to go through this the times also reported that there were several hospitalizations on the set as a result of numerous injuries with the show's production staff ill prepared to handle the volume of competitors he did try to do what he can I do feel people are painting it that he did dislike maliciously but at the end of the day I feel everybody was just wul unprepared meals reportedly consisted of a small portion of cold oatmeal a few pieces of raw vegetables and a single hardboiled egg according to local news station ksnv several contestant Wranglers also went on record attesting to miserable working conditions this included an account of one Wrangler being forced to clean up the after effects of a portapotty spill will spare you the Gory details Medics on set also reported that contestants medications were confiscated with their owners having difficulty in getting them back said one Wrangler I've never done a production that was so unpr prepared no systems in place for anything impossible to get an answer out of anyone for the people watching who say that those that competed in the Beast games they were paid and they signed contracts and they knew that there were risks involved on any TV show especially a competition show there's always risk that somebody's going to accidentally get hurt I think that the difference here is an abuse of power Mr BEAST's response the spokesperson also added that Jimmy Donaldson has been very philanthropic over the course of his career including giving more than $5 million in supplies to Ukrainian refugees they also talked about how he powered a rural Zambian village with solar energy and uh you know he's rebuilt 12 homes in South Africa for over a hundred orphan children in the wake of all this competitive chaos Donaldson is seemingly nowhere to be found his team as well as Amazon has refused or ignored multiple requests for comments he has made a huge name for himself um with these stunts and with these lavish giveaways and with his charitable giving um you know but the these are some very serious allegations um that these contestants they felt comfortable speaking to NBC News uh you know anonymously they're afraid of public backlash releasing one statement through a spokesperson in August 2024 that read we have communicated directly with 97% of the 2,000 people who attended to ask for feedback have launched a formal review of the process and have taken steps to ensure that we learn from this experience and we are excited to welcome hundreds of men and women to the world's largest game show in history in an xost Donaldson claimed that behind the scenes footage would better explain how blown out of proportion these claims were however he declined to release it claiming that it would spoil the games guys don't worry the first few minutes of the Fall are scary but after that it's totally fine drop them [Applause] what happens now whoever remains after this next challenge will officially move into our city let's get to the city all right all of you have made it very far let's get it baby it would be a shame to go out here the only problem is the city has 500 beds and there's over 600 of you given Beast games unfortunate Spotlight the show's future is up in the air it certainly doesn't help that it was totally panned by critics garnering a dismal 14% on Rotten Tomatoes several outlets compared Beast games negatively to the Korean drama Thriller series squid games broadcast on Rival streamer Netflix as well as Jimmy Donaldson's presence as host with the first season of Beast games set to conclude in February 2025 it remains to be seen if Mr Beast and his team will learn from their mistakes and deliver a dynamite second season or if playtime is over and done with you took one for your team I did all of these people deserve a chance to win wa how are you feeling um I I'm sad everyone in your Row give her a round of applause for sacrificing herself have you watched Prime videos Beast games what did you think of it be sure to let us know in the comments below I think we miss fix it up for this final row and whoever's in the back just start hitting random buttons all right oh this is terrified did you enjoy this video check out these other clips from watch Mojo and be sure to subscribe and ring the bell to be notified about our latest videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @WatchMojo [68 likes]: What do you think of the Beast Games? share in the comments.
  2. @SOMUCHBS [1 likes]: "Annonymous" people suing, what a shock. Just another group of cry babies wanting a hand out...
  3. @Fitzskibbles [1 likes]: Everybody got paid and signed contract. If anyone sued. It's because they are sore losers and simply wanna try to take advantage of the friggin Guy. It's All bullshit about the food hell I see them bringing in food all the time. It's crazy to think about it being a prison camp like some would probably want you to think. Jimmy Is definitely a good person.
  4. @sebastiankulesza3782 [1 likes]: HONESTLY never heard of those stupid games and IT LOOKS PRETTY FREAKIN LAME!!!!!!!!! ITS DRAMATIC AS HELL BUT NO ACTION!!! ITS JUST MIND FUC*ERY!
  5. @TBake9: How did these ungrateful people get that opportunity smh
  6. @Ziron2008: no one cares about critics. they have been wrong for sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo many years now.
  7. @Peckerwood1503: FAKE, but entertaining!!! Jimmy is a real creep though...
  8. @hammer-ks9hu: This Mr Beast is the biggest piece of shit online no conscious he just rips people off and scams people only one who wins his online games is him and his five friends hopefully god will make this piece of garbage pay!
  9. @lullaby508: LOL A man running a billion dollar business is a serious person
  10. @ZenStarwalker: its all bull, i know 2 people who were in those games for a good chunk of them, none of this is true, a few people got heat exaustion, but also lied on their medical report saying they don't have medical issues.
  11. @definecoco27: I was very shocked how he  put these contestants in Jeopardy 😮 I was amazed that there is no season 2! So it's crazy how this is going down on him and his show. So I guess money lion is a lie too huh? Well I'm leaving next month from the program 😁 game over!
  12. @MichaelJohnson-cb1xv: Well at least they didn't end up with a slave collar around them, brain damage, and dead family members...
  13. @Immortal_Mini: I watched Beast Games. I thought it was entertaining, and very engaging. With that many people, there are definitely going to be some problems. Hopefully, they do learn from the first season. I can't wait for the next season!
  14. @toubielo8788: When you're playing for 5 million dollars. Expect it to get crazy.
  15. @thelivingliver6715: whenever i see somebody fall into a hole and hit their arms on the wall of it really hard, which is very often, i assume a lawsuit is cominng
  16. @tootiredtoworkrn: i have a question, did he kill the people who were in the game because theres a lot of screamings like theyre dying
  17. @tommy_pastrami69: the human race is completely doomed, we need a reset.
  18. @dbplaypen: Eww those was practically nothing. 

D-
  19. @foreverlv311: Idk i just find it obvious that someone looking for a cure for a rare disease wins it, i mean what are the odds unless it's manipulated to turn out that way. Rigged asf 🤷‍♀️
  20. @pokejohn9398: Notice how the winner says different .  Just like you guys . If you had won . You'd be sitting thier praising g the guy for the life he's gave you !

- The Many Scandals of Mr. Beast: Kind: captions Language: en Jimmy Donaldson aka Mr. Beast is the biggest YouTuber on the platform with over 460 million subscribers. He's given away hundreds of millions of dollars. And by all accounts, he's possibly the nicest guy on the planet who's ever lived. And lucky for him, being so nice always seems to benefit Jimmy. Because it just so happens that being so selfless is incredibly profitable. By giving away hundreds of millions of dollars, he's launched himself to the highest highs of the multi-billion dollar YouTube advertising ecosystem. And as a result, Mr. Beast's YouTube channel alone is now a multi-billion dollar company, which he's used to launch products and services, generating millions of sales and billions of dollars all across America. Hell, being so nice even landed him something worth more than money, a hot girlfriend. And she even seems nice, too. It's not fair. But anyway, you don't get to mog this hard without attracting the evil eye. And as we all know, that cheddar breeds jealousy. Over the last few years, Mr. Beast has been hit with some of the most damning allegations. A corporation, I mean, a person could be hit with accusations of misconduct and grooming going on under his watch at the company. Suggestions that he had subjected victims, I mean contestants at the Squid Games, I mean Beast Games, to treatment that would qualify as torture under the Geneva Convention. In fact, according to some people, Mr. Beast is the fakest content creator on YouTube. And if the haters are to be believed, absolutely nothing about Mr. Beast or his multi-billion dollar empire is real. His smile is fake, his thumbnails are fake, his stunts are fake, his charity is fake, and even his food is fake. But is all the hate against Mr. Beast just a classic example of hating the player because he's winning the game? Or is Mr. Beast's empire really as phony as the smiles on his thumbnails? Well, in this video, we'll be taking a deep dive into the many, many scandals of Mr. Beast and working out once [music] and for all, is Jimmy really a demon behind the thumbnail? Before we go any further, this topic is a little different from the sort of thing I usually cover on my channel, but if you want to see more documentaries about streamers, YouTubers, and influencers, click the link in description and subscribe to my brand new documentary channel, Influencers Exposed. If you want to watch my videos uncut and extended, go to patreon.com/traplors where you can get those for just two bucks. Scandal number one, Jimmy is a fake nice guy. The whole Mr. Beast empire is dependent on one thing, you thinking Jimmy is a nice guy. He gives away thousands of dollars in gifts and giveaways, quite literally claimed to cure the blind, and he's even given away entire private jets. He must just be a nice guy, right? Well, in fact, multiple former employees have described a very different environment behind the scenes, calling out Mr. Beast for actually running a toxic work environment where he apparently berates and belittled his staff and cultivated a working culture where he was woripped like a cult leader. One person who made such claims was an editor named Matt Turner, who joined the Mr. Beast team in 2018 during the channel's rapid growth. Despite the prestige of the role, his employment ended after just 5 months in September 2018. Initially, Turner said he was let go because of his other aspirations as Mr. Beast was apparently looking for people who were committed to him and the job longterm. Wasn't an easy decision. This was a dream job for so long. He basically just said, "Hey man, u I know this is kind of random. realize that you [music] aren't long-term in this cuz I was planning on either moving to Los Angeles, backpacking across Asia, which I'm going to do, or go to college in the fall. I just said, we really just want people who are going to be in here for the long term. You have other aspirations. We can see that and we know that's what you should be focusing on. And to be fair, Turner also described his time working for Mr. Beast in largely positive terms, saying that the company had even covered his rent and that in his view, nobody had done anything wrong in [music] the situation. This was a dream job for so long. Going to work was a blast each and every day. Mr. Beast paid for my rent every month when I lived in North Carolina. Me and Mr. Beast I still consider friends. Never got in any fights. No one did anything wrong in this situation. However, nearly a year later, he would take it to Twitter where he described the experience [music] working for Jimmy as mentally exhausting and emotionally damaging. According to Turner, the workplace involved frequent yelling, public humiliation, and verbal abuse. As a result, he claimed these incidents caused emotional breakdowns and ongoing distress. Additionally, he alleged [music] that minor editing mistakes would trigger harsh reprimands despite the content itself not always being strictly authentic. [music] Beyond this, Turner claimed employees were systematically denied credit for their creative work because the management told staff that anyone who left should not be set up for [music] success elsewhere. Moreover, he described ideas being taken without credit and employees being berated by Mr. Beast's mother, who was functioning as his manager. Further, Turner pointed to strict non-disclosure agreements that were discouraging staff from speaking out publicly. All of this painted a grim picture of Jimmy being someone who's nice for the cameras, but to the people he deals with offscreen, he's a terror. And it wasn't just Matt Turner who felt this way. Notably, the New York Times later interviewed 11 former employees who echoed similar concerns and requested anonymity due to those agreements. But during [music] those interviews, the 11 staff members who worked for Mr. Beast described a sharp shift in Jimmy's personality once the cameras were off. In response to the allegations made by Turner and others, Mr. Beast told Rolling Stone that despite working with over a thousand people, only two people had ever complained that he was too [music] demanding and that he was simply maintaining high standards. He also claimed paying Turner $10,000 in a separation agreement and even said he recommended [music] him for future work. For years, it seemed that claims made by Turner and others were largely dismissed until renewed scrutiny emerged in 2024. >> Yeah. I mean, up until very recently, Mr. Beast was like he was just shielded up. He had like dragon armor, you know what I mean? like everybody was running defense for him constantly. >> After what happened next, Redditors would point back to Matt Turner's video that had started it all, with one Redditor claiming how they had always believed him. But at that point, people were viewing Mr. Beast like the second coming of Christ, and he simply could do no wrong. Attention would return to Mr. Beast and his company following some highly explosive allegations made by a controversial former employee turned YouTuber, Dogpack 404, real name Dawson French. In his first ever video titled I Worked for Mr. Beast, he's a fraud. Dogpack [music] came out swinging with a plethora of embarrassing accusations, claiming that Mr. Beast was deliberately manipulating and exploiting his very young audience by constantly tying his brand to the idea that the viewers themselves would financially benefit from following his content and helping his channel grow. And he alleged that Mr. Beast basically never actually includes random subscribers in his challenges or competition videos like he claims. >> Videos are just for entertainment only, right? I mean, it's not like he's ever rigged the results of a challenge. That would be impossible because he films with hundreds of random subscribers, right? Wrong. Let's look at this video. Not only were the results of this video completely scripted, but the contestants are not random [music] subscribers. >> So many people had jobs. >> Oh, that contestant had to get out for her job. I guess you forgot she's your hiring manager. I actually recognize a lot of people in this video, including Jimmy's own girlfriend. So, yeah, the random subscribers you see in challenges are actually never random. They're almost always local to Mr. Beast and oftent times friends and family of Mr. Beast employees, if you subscribe, you will not win a million dollars. >> And these allegations were just the tip of the iceberg because in his second expose video, where he went as far as to call Mr. Beast a sociopath in the video's title, he would interview another former Beast Disciple, Jake Wedle, who had worked with the Mr. Beast channel between 2019 and 2021. >> If you know me from Mr. Beast, I'm I'm a deep cut. I was there when they were authentic, and then I saw the transition to what I feel like is a company. He's like a TV show now. It went from it went from YouTuber guy with a camera to uh Amazon. >> During the interview, Jake claimed that Mr. Beast's generosity wasn't authentic and all just part of an act. >> I think when he's generous on camera, it's the least authentic thing in the world. There there there's an element of, you know, oh, hey, you're crying. That's so good for camera. >> During a segment that would make Jake visibly emotional, he would describe how he was fired after requesting a pay raise for himself and a coworker. The latter being an older man with kids who felt uncomfortable challenging the company due to having mouths to feed, but still participated in the meeting to support Jake, which would allegedly end up costing him his job as well. And >> that's one of the reasons why I left was because I just walked in there uh and asked for not necessarily a gajillion dollars, but maybe a salary that was more proportional to the work I was doing given how much revenue that work was doing. The other thing I talked about was there was another writer there, older comic, black guy. He had a kid and I got paid more than him and I thought that was wild because he was older than me, had a child. We're doing the exact same job and I'm some 20-year-old white guy. Why am I getting paid more than him? I brought that up and uh one of the things I I did and he didn't want to rock the boat. He he desperately didn't want to rock the boat. He's just I I like my job. I like cuz I I trust you. He stood with me. He went to that writer. you went to that meeting with me and I said I said I have my piece and he backed me up and I said I need XYZ or I'm out of here and they said bet and they gave me a seance check the next day and they gave him a seance check the next day and if I knew [snorts] if I knew he was going to lose his job too I wouldn't have done it. >> It's kind of ironic that the man who's apparently happy buying out whole supermarkets, car dealerships, and restaurants can't just stump up a little extra cash for the people who actually make him money. But perhaps the reality is that Mr. Beast makes disproportionately more money doing giveaways on camera than giving extra money to his employees off camera. But still, in spite of seeing through Mr. Beast's phony nice guy persona, Jake admitted to staying silent afterwards in the hope that he might get some future opportunities. And eventually, he was invited back in 2021 to participate in a grueling 30-day solitary confinement video. It's just chilling when you think about it because if this is how he does you when you ask for a raise, you can assume that reporting a harassment claim will get you sent straight to the gooag. But during the advanced interrogation, I mean entertaining challenge, Jake would describe unsanitary conditions and sleep deprivation compounded by the crew's refusal to let him turn off the lights. And he had to eventually quit the challenge early because of his declining physical and mental health. Now, let's not forget sleep deprivation is literally an internationally recognized form of torture, like quite literally a war crime under the Geneva Convention. In reflecting on the war crime, I mean workplace experience, Jake would say that it was ultimately the financial pressures that left him feeling unable to refuse the offer. >> But Jimmy's the guy with the money and if you if you do what he says, he'll do what you want. You, oh, you want your student loans paid off? You be in this cage. >> And you have you have power over people. When one person doesn't have resources and the other one does, and they they hold it over your head, you go, "Of course. Of course. Yeah, I agreed to it. I needed it. Of course." >> Shortly after the video was released, Mr. Beast allegedly offered him the remaining $190,000 of prize money that he didn't get. But even being willing to stump up $190,000 is an interesting offer, and it kind of says a lot about how Mr. Beast must have felt about how nasty this incident was. Jake also faced criticism following making these allegations. And during a follow-up interview, Jake would actually acknowledge that his participation in these challenges was not mandatory. >> Were those challenges mandatory? The things like the marathon, I think the Rubik's Cube as well. Were those mandatory? Uh, I was doing a couple of the challenges leading up to it and like again, this is the thing about the video. Technically speaking, on paper, no. But when I tried to not do the Rubik's Cube thing, he was just do it. Like just do it for the thing. >> But while Jake admitted that some of the pressure to stay was self-imposed, >> hearing so far is a whole bunch of but yeah, the pressures that exist. >> So yeah, that's fine. But what I hear so far is that these are a whole bunch of internal pressures that you have. I don't think you can hold Mr. beast respons. It's not like they fell out of a vacuum. I mean, these pressures exist because this is the company that Jimmy built. Jimmy built this company and the pressures come from the way that the company operates. >> He also generally avoided taking any responsibility for his own decisions. >> To say that there's no pressure and to say that all the pressure was manufactured by me, I think is a little ridiculous, but that's just me. >> So, as a result, public sympathy was divided. In particular, some questioned him being paid $10,000 a day and still feeling entitled to the full prize money despite not actually completing the challenge. I I saw you said that you did 10 days or 11 days, correct? >> Yeah, 11, I want to say. Yeah, >> 11. And then you also said you feel like you're justified that Mr. Beast owes you the full $300,000, right? >> Uh, no. I feel like um at the I feel like when I was leaving the challenge, since I was honeypotted in with 300,000 and even though the video went terribly wrong, I felt like it would have been the smarter thing for him to do was to just give me the full 300. However, me personally, I honestly have a lot of sympathy for Jake. He clearly wanted to partake in the Mr. Beast phenomena, and it's obvious that he does have his own little desire for the limelight. And clearly, he doesn't mind a little public torture and humiliation, judging by his stand-up comedy clips. They were the only things holding me back from going from full Drake Bell to Cat Williams. So, if I've lost those friends, uh oh, Biscetios, let's get pimping. That's what a Cat Williams says, honey. That's a Cat Williams thing. >> But the reality is Mr. Beast is cultivating an environment where normal people get stars in their eyes and struggle to say no to things they aren't truly comfortable with deep down in their soul. And while there's a lot to be said about Jake being a full-g grown adult who can make his own decisions, the fact that this extreme and damaging challenge was even an idea for content for Mr. Beast kind of says a lot about how he sees people. These allegations were shocking to a lot of people who saw Mr. beast, as his nice guy persona would have you think. And they picked up a huge amount of traction with Dogpack's videos now having over 10 million views each along with a third reportedly containing false information causing it to since be unlisted still racking up millions of views before the mistakes were revealed. There would also be claims that Dogpack was overstating, embellishing, and even purely misleading his audience with other YouTubers like one named Soggy Serial putting out a long video arguing that he was going to debunk most of the claims. As most of you have probably guessed by now, this video won't just be about this alleged fraudulent and manipulative. It'll also be about this confirmed fraudulent and manipulative Doc Back 404. I became suspicious of Doc Back 404 after he called me over dramatic for not wanting to spread serious accusations with unsubstantiated and easily refutable evidence, as well as because he tried to silence me with threats of slander after I started suspecting him of lying. Uh, so in this video I will be debunking close to every accusation he and the people he manipulated have made. But when it comes to particularly the claims about Mr. Beast being a fake nice guy, perhaps the most interesting segments were interviews that Soggy Serial did with Mr. Beast employees, which made Dog Pack himself even seem like not the easiest person to work with. >> Can you tell me a bit about your relationship with Dawson during both of you guys working there? Was there something that felt off? Um, yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, me and Dawson were cordial. Like, I tried to keep it professional. I think he tried his best to keep it professional, but I will say it was a little uncomfortable with just me and him in the office. He seemed pretty disinterested in making genuine connections with people at the company. He gave weird vibes for sure, and I I felt like very uncomfortable working in the office with him. He didn't seem to work too well with others. >> Okay. I heard that he [music] told the chef that his food was trash. >> I heard that story, too. Yeah. And then he like denied it in a video afterwards and I talked about that. But >> I mean, maybe we could call him and see. Like I heard a rumor circulating that Dawson told you that your food was trash. Can you tell us a little bit about that? >> Um, yeah. I mean, it was it was the first time I actually met him. Uh it was kind of after his tour um you know of our studio and such and he actually came over um you know tried some of the food that we had in the fridge uh and then proceeded to tell me it tasted like and that he wishes that we were catered more frequently uh because yeah which is fairly interesting because I'm not sure if I had introduced myself or maybe [laughter] just felt comfortable enough to tell me the food tasted like >> even Mr. Beast took note of Soggy Cereal's video, excitedly commenting, "Finally, a video that doesn't spread baseless slander against me, lol." Clearly, the allegations in Dogpack's original videos struck a nerve with Jimmy. And apparently, after this, behind the scenes, Mr. Beast actually started DMing big creators to try and get them to react to the video. This is Mr. Beast DMing Pyroynical, telling him that he needs to address the the allegations and watch Soggy Cereal's video. I basically said to him, "I'll probably stream my reaction to it tomorrow. Do I have permission to show this DM conversation of you asking me to check it out on stream?" And then he said, "I'd rather not, but if you feel it necessary, it's up to you. Appreciate you covering it." So, you can see there. So, hang on. >> He's coercing big creators to watch this video to clear his name without him saying anything. But then Soggy's video also came under scrutiny when the YouTuber Harmful Opinions revealed that Soggy had failed to disclose that Mr. Beast had paid for his flights and hotels. I'm sure you know. It has since come out that his flights and accommodation were paid for by Dustin, the producer who reached out to him. Thankfully though, on Friday the 22nd, Soi added a disclosure of this fact to his video so that audiences will have all the info they need. Additionally, Harmful Opinions alleged that Soggy had been communicating with Mr. Beast employees much earlier than he originally admitted. There is an extremely important fact that he has withheld from his audience and not included in his disclosure. Soggy cereal has been in contact with at least some of the very same employees he interviewed in real life since at least before October 12th when he released his slob content video, and they had already shared with him many of the claims he recorded from them during his real life interview. It's a redo with names attached, not an investigation. Some, given how it's being presented as flying out to dig up the truth, so they can't trick him with a script, would even call it fake. And finally, Soggy himself admitted that he had a personal issue with Dogpack based on how Dogpack reacted to one of his past videos. In messages with me, Soggy admitted that Dogpack's response to his slop content vid was a major motivation in how he put together this truth about Dogpack video, confirming to me that, "Yeah, the reason he went so hard on Dogpack was because of how the Slop video went down and how he attacked Soggy after he made it. Moreover, current Mr. Beast employees like the ones interviewed by Soggy, have obviously all the incentive to badmouth dogpack and protect their main man, Mr. Beast. However, this does arguably highlight the problem with most of the claims about Mr. Beast being a terrible and immoral person behind the scenes, which is that much of the allegations appear to simply be their word against his. Without a bulletproof evidence, like a video of Mr. Beast raging out to his employees or openly admitting to faking his videos, it becomes practically impossible to know what's the actual truth with just this evidence. Of course, Mr. Beast would hardly be the first celebrity to act entitled, rude, or purely evil behind the scenes. And there's undoubtedly some very legit criticisms of Mr. Beast's character, some of which we'll discuss later in this video. On the other hand, it's also not exactly a shocker that a few of the hundreds of people who have worked for the most popular YouTuber ever would feel like they were mistreated. With a business that big and stressful, it's probably inevitable that some people are going to leave with a negative experience. And yet, given we're talking about the most popular YouTuber in history and one of the most famous people on the planet, if there truly were undeniable smoking guns proving that Jimmy was a genuinely despicable person, you would expect more concrete evidence to have already exploded into a major media scandal. Or perhaps this just speaks to the abilities of the public relations experts that Mr. Beast was hiring at the height of these scandals. To me, if I had to rate Jimmy, I'd probably put him at a 40% on the niceometer. He does seem like deep down he cares about people and probably didn't mean to torture Jake Wedle, but being a bit of a careless to people he doesn't know that well is one thing, but as we'll discuss next, the darkest scandal Mr. Beast has been embroiled in is the one where he appeared to put his morals to the side to try and protect one of his day one friends. as this next scandal wasn't brought about by Jimmy himself, but by one of his closest friends and longest serving employees that would inevitably shine a light on some very ugly things going on behind the scenes of his company and in doing so for a moment bringing Jimmy arguably closer than ever before to truly destroying the Mr. Beast brand once and for all. The second scandal is that Mr. Beast actually knew that he had employees being creeps at his company and he tried to defend and protect them. The Mr. brand was bigger than just Jimmy himself. And close to him during the early growth of the brand was his tight inner circle that dated back long before the viral fame. And penetrating the darkest pockets of that circle was Ava Chris Tyson, a childhood friend of Jimmy's from North Carolina who appeared in some of the channel's earliest videos and eventually coming out as transgender in a controversial period of time that many people saw as putting strain on the Mr. Beast empire. A Sunny V2 video on the topic covered in great detail how Tyson's gender identity represented an existential crisis for Mr. beast and the future of his channel also receive an equal amount of backlash. You ripped apart your family and took a father figure away from your son just so you could paint your nails and act zesty pathetic. He will get torn apart at school. Won't want to have friends around his house. A life full of difference and being alone did once again reiterate his certainty in a new post reading, "It's never too late to start being yourself." Which received praise from Mr. Beast as well as Nolan and Carl. However, these comments also added extra fuel to the fire. In a few years, look back at this thread and remember they were never your [music] friends, only yesmen cowards. Hope you come out of this safe. Mr. Beast responded to this with a simple opinion irrelevant ratio. To which the original commenter would state, I have 30 followers, so go ahead and ratio me. I'll still rest easy knowing that I'm not a coward who idly sits by watching my friend ruin his own life. Ultimately, over the years, Jimmy remained publicly loyal as Tyson [music] navigated these personal changes in full view of the internet. Born a biological male named Chris with a C, Tyson. After spending several years as a prominent on-screen talent in the formative early years of the Mr. Beast channel, Tyson became a recognizable face in the cast, building up a sizable following amongst Mr. Beast's young and impressionable fan base. And as time [music] went on, Tyson would let the world know about her struggles with her sexuality and gender identity behind the scenes, later revealing in 2020 that she had come out as bisexual, later explaining that she feared backlash from the people closest to her. In March 2022, she showcased that she had got her nails done on her Twitter account, representing one of the first times that she had presented publicly [music] with feminine traits. But this was only the beginning. And just over a year later, in April 2023, Tyson would seize the spotlight as she announced online that she'd begun hormone replacement therapy and publicly reintroduced herself as Ava Chris Tyson. In response, Jimmy would openly defend her against waves of online harassment and transphobia. However, almost a year later, Jimmy's support would waver in the face of some truly disturbing allegations against Tyson, separate from the conversation about her transitioning genders. In July 2024, multiple expose videos would surface, accusing both Mr. Beast and Tyson of fostering a disturbing internal culture within the company. But this time, it wasn't about Jimmy being an or workplace bullying. This was even worse. Specifically, these were accusations centered on Tyson's concerning past behavior involving as well as her long doumented admiration with an artist called Shadman, who's widely known for creating explicit and even illegal drawings involving and was reportedly even expelled from art school for creating that kind of content. archived posts would resurface showing that Tyson had publicly referenced consuming and enjoying similar artwork as the kind created by Shadman already back in 2016. This was already a terrible look for Mr. Beast given the long and close relationship between Jimmy and Tyson. And this time it would be even harder for Jimmy to distance himself as people like the YouTuber Adrocks would also link Tyson to commissioning custom Shadman illustrations that Mr. Beast was allegedly aware of. Is another drawing by Shadman. It depicts a young girl wearing a please be patient, I have autism cap, pointing a gun at her mouth. She has a fidget spinner as an earring and a spade tattoo on her thigh that says BBC, which we all know what it means. On November 18th, 2017, Ava respond to a tweet from Grande and Mr. Beast stating, "This is coming from a guy who owns a shadbased drawing and has it as a centerpiece in his living room." Just some time later, they also posted the exact same drawing laid on the floor with the caption, "Bonus fidget spinners to throw some extra autism." In this Mr. Beast video, you'll notice a very familiar thing at the 9 minutes and 30 second time stamp. From what I believe, keeping illegal art in the bedroom isn't normal at all. The shocking thing is that Mr. Beast and Chris were roommates during that time. By 2019, Tyson was publicly promoting Shadman's website and allegedly making personal requests for new artwork. The former Mr. Beast editor mentioned previously, Matt Turner, added a crucial inside perspective, claiming that during his time as an employee, this inappropriate culture extended directly into the workplace. Specifically, he alleged that both Mr. Beast, Tyson, and others made crude jokes about manager's 5-year-old son. >> Everyone was consistently making these jokes wildly inappropriate about his like 5-year-old kid. E. >> And so I [music] dude, I know. So like um going to go home and insert name like the craziest thing. >> Who was saying that? >> I know. Um well Ava Jimmy. It was like the thing. It was like funny edge lord. >> When that manager reportedly reacted with anger, Turner claimed that he was fired. >> We were filming the video playing Fortnite in the middle of the ocean and one too many jokes got said and bro flipped. Like understandably he couldn't take it anymore and he took a cameraman and he threw him into the water and it was a whole big >> problem. And so then the next day [music] he was fired. >> More disturbingly, Turner alleged that the manager was replaced by someone nicknamed Delaware and allegedly convicted Soffender who had apparently assaulted an 11-year-old in 2010. In Dogpack 404's second expose video, Jake Wedle would claim that pretty much everyone inside the company was aware of the charges and that the nickname Delaware was in fact based on the fact that this was the state where he had caught those charges. Why why do you call him Delaware? I didn't I didn't know. Apparently they called him Delaware cuz he's not allowed to go back to Delaware. That's his nickname colloquially like in a Delaware. Don't ask him why. Yeah. The >> Jimmy the likelihood that he didn't know is astronomically low. >> However, as Soggy Serial would point out in his debunking video, there's also a much more innocent explanation as to where the nickname came from. >> Anonymous Mr. Beast employee Dustin Harris, who has been working at Mr. Beast for about 6 years. Well, he explained that Delaware was once a store manager at Jimmy's local Best Buy. Jimmy realized he needed employees to improve his content. So, as a dumb, impulsive 19-year-old randomly thrown into fame, he went to his local Best Buy and asked its employees if they wanted to work for it. Naively thinking that a multi-billion dollar company would have at least made sure to not hire criminals and especially to not hire a registered sex offender [music] as store manager. 19-year-old Mr. beast didn't do background checks. Um, was that stupid? Yes. Is Delaware a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yes. Should Jimmy take responsibility for making that mistake? Yes. But it wasn't this up master planned by Jimmy to intentionally hire an RSO. It was a dumb mistake by an inexperienced adolescent starting up a business. During the height of the controversies in 2024, Delaware's brother-in-law and former employer, Mr. Beast, Jake the Viking, had alleged that Delaware had sat down with Mr. beast and his mother, who was reportedly overseeing the HR at the company and explained his past to them, which was allegedly accepted and acknowledged by Jimmy and his mother, an allegation that Jimmy would later flat out deny. Obviously, when I was a teenager, I didn't know what a background check was. Um, and I [music] just hired a couple people there that wanted to help me make videos. One of them was the person named Delaware. And, uh, no, I did not know he was a registered sex offender. Um, there's a a rumor that's gone around that said that he sat me and my mom down and told us. Obviously, I don't remember that happening. And when I read that tweet, the first thing I did was I called my mom and I was like, "Hey, this is like seven or eight years ago." Just put this in context. Seven or eight years ago. Uh, not indicative of my company today. But I was like, "Did this happen? Cuz someone's claiming this happened." My mom said, "I would have literally quit or honestly probably shut the business down before I ever let my teenage son hire a registered sex offender." Knowingly, >> as scrutiny intensified, public attention shifted towards a longtime fan of Mr. beast known as Lava, who was a supporter from when the channel had only 50,000 subscribers. Over time, Lava developed direct communications with both Mr. Beast and Ava Chris Tyson. And according to reports, Lava was just 13 years old when Tyson first contacted him, and subsequently, Lava was allowed to create the official Mr. Beast Discord server. While Lava claimed that Tyson was unaware of his age until 2018, messages revealed ongoing communication across Discord, Snapchat, and Twitter between 2018 and 2019 when Lava was just 14 to 15 years old. In these messages, Lava would call Tyson big boy, dad, and and at one point ask Tyson to be his Valentine. Eventually, in May 2020, Tyson helped Lava secure a job as a production assistant on the Mr. Beast gaming side channel. While Lava met with Tyson at the Mr. Beast compound on various occasions, he maintained that his parents had accompanied him during these visits. When screenshots of their messages surfaced, Lava initially denied any wrongdoing on Tyson's part, but nevertheless, the revelations triggered widespread backlash online. In a series of posts, Tyson apologized for her past behavior, but denied all grooming allegations, categorizing her actions as just bad, [music] edgy jokes. Simultaneously, Mr. Beast released a statement confirming Tyson's removal from the company and announced an independent third-party investigation into the issue. Soon after, Discord users released additional screenshots contradicting earlier denials. And I'm going to provide a lot of the screenshots backing up the claims that I made that Lava refuted. For example, I made a claim that there was an NSFW channel in the server where Chris would spam corn. Here you can see Chris talking about locking down the NSFW channel to true gods and anointed only. Um, by the way, this is in 2019. [music] I was a true god and I was a minor. Not only that, but you can see me right below it, Nathan.RTX saying this is a bad idea. So, even I knew as a kid that this was a really bad idea. Here is Wava himself talking about starting the commencement of cleaning the server. Word for word. I said he was talking about scrubbing the server. He says that never happened. Here you can see him talking about it as well as me and uh Cookie himself talking about it. >> Following that, more than 500,000 Discord messages were leaked publicly. And as a result, Lava partially walked back his previous statements, but continued to deny that he was a grooming victim. When asked directly how much Jimmy knew, a former employee alleged that Jimmy was aware of some highly inappropriate material circulating internally but not aware of the grooming allegations. >> Maybe he he laughed about it but didn't know how serious it was. Like what what's your take on [music] Jimmy's >> Well, I I to be fair and even in my original video I've said like [music] I tried to be as fair as possible, I don't think Jimmy had any idea about the meeting up with people. Um I just don't know. I feel like this that was like Ava's dirty secret at the time, but they definitely knew about the that was like so funny to them. They're like, "Yeah, look at the Discord. Did you check the Discord?" It's like >> before the end of 2024, Mr. Beast announced the verdict of the third party investigation, which conveniently concluded that the grooming allegations were unsubstantiated after reviewing millions of documents and interviewing numerous employees. However, the investigation did confirm isolated incidences of workplace harassment and misconduct. As a result, the company implemented new internal safety policies and reporting systems. Arguably, this is proof that Mr. Beast took these allegations seriously. But on the other hand, the approach seemed very inauthentic and rireed of a corporate crisis management strategy that conveniently addressed the allegations that gave the impression that Jimmy himself had been cleared of any wrongdoing. In the end, Ava Chris Tyson's inappropriate behavior overshadowed her gender transition, and for a lot of people that might have disliked her as a result of transphobia, now had more legitimate reasons to turn against the formerly liked co-host. Having brought such a stain onto the Mr. Beast brand, it was only natural that at this point she stepped away, announcing her departure with an emotional apology on Twitter, where she said sorry for her past behavior and comments and vowed to step away from the Mr. Beast brand to focus on her mental health. As mentioned, this is likely the worst and most serious scandal that Mr. Beast has ever been involved in. Some of the claims about the culture inside the company, especially during the early years, are so serious that they could have damaged or destroyed the Mr. Beast brand permanently. The seriousness of these allegations drew even more public attention when it became public that Mr. Beast had actually hired crisis management specialist Matthew Hiltzick, a public relations figure known for his work with the film producer and convicted s offender Harvey Weinstein. Moreover, if any of the things said about Tyson are actually true, then there's really no defending her. But when it comes to Mr. Beast himself, much of what surrounds him seems to once again fall in the gray area. One person's word against someone else's. And with that, little can really be proven conclusively. For this scandal, Mr. The beast seemed to successfully distance himself from the fallout and probably only hesitated in the early days to avoid coming across as transphobic during Tyson's transition. But Jimmy did seem to take things seriously when it mattered. He probably did the best he could to clean this up. I'd probably give this scandal a 20% on the scandalometer because it really looked bad. But it wasn't all Jimmy's fault and he probably handled it the best way he possibly could. But the next scandal is much more about the content rather than the company. As Mr. Beast built his reputation on being a nice guy and doing enormous giveaways. He eventually decided to formalize his generosity, starting charitable organizations and even an entire channel dedicated to doing good called Beast Philanthropy. But unfortunately, even his generosity has been called into question as many of his giveaways or charity videos have been called out for being fake or not delivering on the promises he was making in the thumbnail and title. The third scandal Mr. Beast has been accused of is faking his giveaways. But let's not forget the yearslong journey Mr. Beast has been on to even be in a position to give away so much money. Mr. Beast has been on his YouTube journey for a very long time. His oldest video that's still up was posted over 13 years ago. He really got it out the mud and built his channel up from nothing. And for years, he would steadily build his platform by regularly posting videos. First starting with gamer content like Minecraft videos, but he was willing to try anything to get views. Eventually, he would start to experiment with all kinds of ideas from discussing how much money popular YouTubers like PewDiePie and other content creators were making to creating video series like making fun of the worst intros on YouTube. Most of these videos since being deleted, likely due to the fact that the targets of his humorous disses were innocent young kids. But lucky for me and you, some of these embarrassing moments are still archived in some dark corners of the internet. Jimmy also did crazy challenges like literally counting to 100,000 and 200,000 which he knew would get clicks based on the sheer ridiculousness of the idea alone. All of this arguably showed that early on the views were seemingly much more important to young Mr. Beast than the actual quality of the content that he was putting out. However, when Jimmy truly begun his ascendance into becoming the most subscribed YouTuber in the world was when he realized just how many numbers he could do on content where he gave away large sums of money to anyone from streamers to his own subscribers and even random people on the streets. >> OH, MR. BEAST DONATE [screaming] 1,000. >> IT'S ABOUT $10,000. I'm not joking. >> Mr. Beast has donated $1,000, dude. 5,000. This man is a god. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> Thank you very much. >> Wait, are you guys serious? >> There you go. >> This would also include giving money to homeless people and filming it. A trend that was really blowing up at the time on social media with the likes of Instagram bacteria and acne scar surgery before model Supreme Patty also gathering millions of views with this type of content on other platforms like Instagram. Many people saw this giveaway phenomenon as content creators using homeless people for views. And this content genre would receive public criticism, which even Mr. Beast would address in one of his first such videos, ironically saying the quiet part out loud by literally admitting that this was indeed exactly what he was doing. >> Doing it with a camera. >> I'm a YouTuber. I'm going around giving random people who needed $1,000. So, most people get mad and say this is a bad way to get views. Tell them like you're okay with this. Are you okay with it? >> Hell yeah. [laughter] >> That's right. Best day of my life right here. >> Homeless people don't care if I use them for views. >> So, what begun as loweffort video ideas like giving money to homeless people on camera have since ballooned into an entire Mr. Beast universe filled with extremely ambitious ideas like helping 1,000 blind people see for the first time or building a 100 wells in Africa to solve the continent's crushing water scarcity crisis. These being just a few examples of the ginormous giveaway videos that Mr. Beast has released in recent years, particularly through his Beast philanthropy channel, which is a separate nonprofit charity, which promises that 100% of the profits from the ad revenue, merch sales, and sponsorships will go towards making the world a better place. Now, on the who are we section of the charity's website, there used to be some text explaining how the idea for the charity started from Jimmy's first YouTube sponsorship worth $10,000, which he allegedly accepted with the condition that he could give it all away. This idea then sparking many other such videos over the following months as it became Jimmy's mission through video integration to help as many people as possible overcome barriers. While at least at first glance seems like a heartwarming story has since been removed from the charity's website for one reason or another. But in his interviews, Mr. Beast has seemingly also given another angle to his charity work and other giveaways. As the Verge magazine puts it, Jimmy also realized something else. The bigger his giveaways became and the more extravagant his method of delivering donations seemed, the faster his channel grew. The result is a sizable paycheck. Now, this is exactly what I'm talking about. It just so happens that the best way to grow the profile and bank account balance of Jimmy's Mr. Beast brand is giving stuff away. This is philanthropy just for the algorithm, not for the people being helped. And the fact that Mr. Beast often has complained on Twitter about his most charitable videos not performing as well as other stunts in recent years really goes to show you that he's more pissed off about the charity method not working for him anymore as it is about being proud of the charity that he did in the first place. Unsurprisingly, as Mr. Beast's charitable stunts have grown in size. They've also attracted a lot of opinions both for and against on social media. For the fans, Mr. Beast is something like a modern-day messiah, blessing real people with financial miracles, attempting to cure the blind, feeding thousands of people. I mean, he really does move like a modern-day Jesus. Hell, maybe if Jesus returned today, he might have a YouTube channel, too. But Jimmy, the wannabe Jesus, and his stunts have garnered a whole lot of criticism as well, with the harshest ones claiming that he's literally faking the claims in his videos to make them more clickable. One example being the video about building a 100 wells in Africa with Redditors and YouTubers claiming the clever editing was used to embellish and inflate the number of actual built wells that were showcased in the video. Watch the video and zoom in right here. This is well 28 and well 29. There is no picture for well number 29. And again, well 28 and well 67 are the same, but the angle is just different. It is somewhat suspicious. However, let's give him the benefit of the doubt. There are no pictures for well number 68. So why are these pictures skipped? Editing mistakes or purposely removed because those missing wells were never installed. On the one hand, there's something very disturbing about using clever editing to round the number of wells you built up to 100 cuz it makes for a better title. But that doesn't undo the good that Mr. Beast did by building a whole bunch of wells, which he actually did. And they're not claiming that the entire thing was fake. But on the other hand, as damning as this may appear at first glance, as a YouTuber myself, I do feel like I got to cut Mr. Beast just a little slack because I know firsthand just how easy a little misplaced image or clip can slip through the cracks as a result of a simple human error. And this is something that Mr. Beast would indeed claim to have happened during his November 2024 interview with Oompville. >> Yeah. >> Did you build 100 wells in Africa? >> Yes. [laughter] So I you already know what I'm going to say. I mean I would loop this in with the same thing as the hospital thing. Seems like I need to like I need to have someone who like QC's things before we upload it. More hardcore. I need someone who literally goes frame by frame. like we finished a video and then they spend like three days just going frame by frame making sure there's no uh mess ups. Yeah, I think like one or two of the wells we accidentally showed this like same well as different numbers. >> Um but once again like I said with the blind thing like why would I spend 98% of the money and then just fake two wells like and destroy the entire integrity to save like 2%. Moreover, much of the criticism seems to ignore the realities of creating YouTube content at the scale Mr. beast is operating at where every video has to be relentlessly optimized just to hold the attention of an audience with an ever shrinking attention span. Like one commenter who found it suspicious how a video about building a 100 wells would only last 10 minutes. But realistically, if the video building 100 wells was 3 hours long, perhaps it wouldn't get the views it deserves, making it harder for Jimmy to re-up on his next batch of sub90 clickbait wells. But then again, perhaps for Jimmy, it was all just about looking like you built 100 wells as quickly as possible, rather than actually building 100 quality wells [music] that did the job right. Mr. Beast would address these claims again in 2025 as rumors began spreading on social media that all of the wells had failed due to lack of maintenance, with Mr. Beast clapping back, ironically, claiming that his detractors were desperate [music] for ad revenue and going on to add a page on his charity's website with videos showing people visiting each of the hundred wells showing that they not only existed, but that they were still fully operational. But unfortunately, if you visit that site today, you might be greeted by an error message. However, rather than being evidence of any actual wrongdoing, this is far more likely just a simple case of neglect. Perhaps Mr. Beast has the same contract as building the wells as he has building the websites. In fact, another infamous example of this very thing happening is the January 2023 video about helping 1,000 blind people see for the first time, which not only received a huge number of views, today sitting over 212 million views, but also a whole lot of criticism with some viewers even describing the video as demonic with the popular YouTube cartoonist Meat Canyon even releasing a video making fun of the questionable ethics and morals of this type of video with even this parody having over 9 million views and almost half a million likes. But beyond the usual debates about the attention-based economy surrounding Mr. to be philanthropy. This time there were also allegations of something far more concrete as about a year later a nonprofit from Mexico called Mission Flight which had participated in the project by performing more than 60 eye surgeries came forward claiming that Mr. Beast had left over $100,000 in unpaid expenses for the work that they had done. You might have been one of the 170 million viewers of the Mr. Beast video where he takes credit for and claims to have paid for a,000 eye surgeries. In this video, we're curing a thousand people's blindness. find a thousand people's blindness. >> She's just one of a thousand blind people we help from around the world. >> You pay for my surgery? >> Our surgeons, our people are performing that work. It only cost us about $2,000 per surgery after consideration of the donated supplies that we received from other organizations. We did 62 surgeries that weekend. That's $124,000. We have yet to receive a penny from Mr. Beast or anyone mentioned in that video. Like, what is going on here? >> Months later, near the end of 2024, the nonprofit released an update video stating that someone from Mr. Beast's team had reached out to them to offer a sincere apology for what had happened, adding that the issue appeared to have stemmed from a miscommunication with a third party organization responsible for handling the payments and that the outstanding expenses had since been wired to them. >> Hey guys, Mike for Mission Flight. Big update regarding our video about Mr. piece and the eye surgeries and thank you uh to you the online community that helped get the word out. In fact, yesterday uh someone from Jimmy's team contacted us and was sincerely surprised that >> [music] >> um that we had not been compensated. Uh he was pretty shocked and um asked what they can do to make things right. I just referenced back to our video where we had done 62 surgeries [music] that weekend. They cost us about $2,000 each and so they wired $124,000 uh this morning. So, thank you again very much. Thank you to Jimmy and the team for [music] um for fixing the problem so quickly. And yeah, there was a third party involved with big miscommunications and misunderstandings and um I believe that those things are going to get worked out as well in the future or maybe certain third parties are not going to be used in the in the future. One of the producers working for Mr. Beast would also end up commenting on the incident in the YouTuber Soggy Cereals response to Dogpack [music] 404. Basically repeating the story of a misunderstanding with a third party while also alleging that the Mr. Beast team had actually paid for closer to 2,000 surgeries but simply mentioned a thousand in the title due to the even number sounding better. [music] There was this video that started getting some traction. One of the clinics where some of the eye surgeries were happening in the helping 1,000 people see for the first time. Um, and they claimed that the Mr. Beast company hadn't paid for any of the surgeries yet. Can you talk a bit about that? Um, essentially when we did that video, we we worked with a um third party. >> Mhm. >> And that third party worked with a bunch of different organizations all around the world because we were trying to spread it as far as we could, multiple countries. So, we had one center third party that we were working with and they kind of worked with all these one of those organizations somewhere around the world. uh didn't receive the compensation, which we only worked with the third party. We paid them for 1,800 surgeries. >> Oh, 1,800. So, another thousand. >> Uh we kept going after 1,000. We just worked with them and we actually Yeah, we did more than a,000, but the title of a thousand sounds a lot better. So, we just says a thousand and it looks good. Yeah, >> he worked with that third party and that third party I don't know what communication error happened between them and the uh other organization but some way or another that organization ended up not being funded properly >> and then when it came across our desk that the missing loop happened we just went around the third party we were doing work with to compensate them >> and they've put out a video since talking about it. >> Mr. Beast himself would also address the incident during his interview with Ompoville, admitting that the fact that the issue went unresolved for so long, even after the nonprofit had made the video exposing him, was crazy, but adding that as soon as he did find out about it, he fixed it. Honestly, crazy. I don't know how no one sent that to me. We obviously had no knowledge of it. Um, and then I saw it a couple weeks ago and I was like, "Wo, that's I instantly called the the team we were working with and I was like, what's going on here?" And then we looked through it all, blah blah blah. And then I was just like, "I just paid them." So, I actually double paid for those surgeries and just paid them separately. He would also strike back against all of the people accusing him of purposefully not paying, questioning how that would logically make sense given particularly that they had allegedly paid for over 800 extra surgeries that they had never even publicized. Here's a couple ways you could look at this rationally. If we did 970 surgeries, why would I intentionally not pay the last 30 to save 3%? Just nuke the entire rep of the video just to save 3% of money. A, that just doesn't even seem logical. B, what makes it even less logical is we did 800 more eye surgeries off camera. And obvious things, but I have to because there are literal videos using this as proof that I'm evil and using this as proof that I don't care and using this as proof that I fake things. The horns. Yeah. So, like, but when you when you think about it, we did 800 off camera. So, if I was aware that of the uh paperwork trail, the mishap, and that we didn't pay those 30, why would I not just take 30 of the 800 we did off camera and swap it out for those? Mr. Beast has largely based his success on the idea that you have to give away money to make money. And it's maybe this format where Mr. Beast deserves, if not criticism, at least the most scrutiny when it comes to his philanthropy. Some have described Mr. Beast's clout and moneyhungry approach to charity as good for ratings, which to me really sums up the inauthenticity of his giving. Now, I'll be real. Look, I've done small amounts of charity giving in both videos as well as offline in private. Now, I personally give money when it feels appropriate to me. And in my personal life and on a day-to-day basis, I'd say I'm I'm somewhat generous. And I personally do believe if the giving wasn't so profitable for Mr. Beast, he'd probably still be making videos in his bedroom just saying Feastables over and over again for 10 hours straight. Now, there's been extensive analysis of the authenticity of Mr. Beast giving beyond YouTube hit pieces in academic research, too, with one researcher pointing out how Mr. Beast has already fundamentally changed the field of entertainment related to charity by removing the typical dividing line between entertainment that's typically there to draw in an audience and the serious philanthropic part where the audience is reminded of the very serious reason why the entertainment is being provided in the first place. Because in Mr. Beast's version of content, the charity itself is the entertainment. Moreover, unlike in previous entertainmentbased charity initiatives where the audience is typically encouraged to donate to the cause after they've been drawn in with the entertainment, in Mr. Beast version, the audience is usually not expected to participate in the charity in any way other than watching the content because YouTube and Mr. Beast's own sponsors act as the middleman who foot the bill. Whether you think these changes are positive or negative, it's easy to see why Mr. Beast's brand of charity or at least the perceived flaws in society that puts it on full display attracts so much criticism online, especially from those who are already politically opposed to the kind of ultra capitalism that he seems to represent. But at the same time, arguably the outcome is still something positive that wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for this slightly sinister viewpower charity machine that Jimmy ended up creating. When it comes to Mr. Beast's philanthropy, we're largely in uncharted territory in terms of the long-term effects that it might have on how societal problems are addressed in the future. On a long enough timeline, we might actually get to find out whether Mr. Beast's charity content benefits the world or him more. But it's always going to be unsettling when the charity is coming from someone who seems particularly obsessed with two things: views and money. which as mentioned was one of the main focuses of Mr. Beast's channel even long before he actually ended up giving money away in order to grow the channel. Actually, there's also a third thing that Mr. Beast is desperate for, which the YouTuber Flazfire would hilariously point out in his pointed video titled Mr. Beast, Emperor of Emptiness. This being Jimmy's dependence on praise, as Jimmy is notoriously sensitive to criticism and often lashes out on social media when he feels like he hasn't received all the love and respect that he feels entitled to. Do you think Mr. Beast ruined YouTube? >> Yes. So, I ruined YouTube because I didn't buy a mansion and [music] sports cars and instead reinvested my dollar sign into making content focused on doing good and inspiring kids to help people. This clip is insanely disrespectful in my opinion. How is raising $12 million for charity a disaster? Love, according to this list, a guy with $1 million followers is more influential than me. What did [music] I do to piss off the Rolling Stones? >> This unfortunately also applies to his philanthropic efforts. >> It is kind of funny that people who have never volunteered in their life or given a penny to charity will see this and make a 30inut essay about how I'm evil. No matter how much people complain, I'll never stop helping people. It's fun. There's no denying that Mr. Beast's philanthropy has resulted in a massive amount of very real, very tangible good in the world. So, I guess in the end, whether his philanthropy is overall good or bad depends heavily on your worldview. I'd probably give this scandal about a 15% rating on the Scandalometer because Mr. Beast has had pretty solid answers for all of this criticism. And even if he is a complete psycho, only helping people for his own pursuit of views and money, at least he's still doing some good in the world. But unfortunately, behind the good is a certain degree of greed. And greed mixed with charity that still results in net good is one thing. But when Jimmy's greed meets something as volatile and dangerous as the financial markets, things start to get a lot harder to forgive. Which brings us to a much less flattering chapter of the story. Mr. Beast's involvement in crypto scandal number four is did Mr. Beast scam his fans? In 2024, allegations began appearing online of Mr. Beast apparently being involved in some shady crypto dealings. This would prompt YouTube's number one scammer exposer Coffeezilla to do a video where he looked into these claims titled Simply Investigating [music] Mr. Beast. According to one of the more serious allegations, Mr. The Beast would participate in the pre-sale of a token known as Super, which he would then seemingly rather sneakily promote to his fans on social media before dumping large amounts of the token when it went public, allegedly making altogether roughly $11 million. Super. This is the project Mr. Beast is alleged to have made the most amount of money on, over $10 million based on a pre-sale of $100,000. As for evidence, we have leaked screenshots showing Mr. Beast telling Super's founder that he can do 100K. Then we have a wallet that both investigations traced to Mr. beast sending 100k to the pre-sale wallet. And then we have the same wallets getting millions of these super tokens in a period of unlocks which were almost all sold aggressively. >> Coffeezilla attempted to get Mr. Beast to comment on these dealings for his video, but he would only receive a generic response from his representative who claimed that Mr. Beast himself was not in charge of his crypto dealings and they were simply handled by a fund. However, as Coffeezilla would point out in the impulsive podcast with Logan Paul and Mike Mak, Mr. be seemed to paint a somewhat different picture as he would discuss his purchase of several crypto punk NFTts after a group call with the final boss of cringe internet money makers Gary Vee and numerous other highly rich and influential people making it seem like he was much more involved in these crypto dealings than the response from his representative implied. Gary Vee, it's like 11:00 p.m. just out of nowhere just calls me and he's like, "Yo, I got like 30 people to call. Hop in." I'm like, "I don't give I don't care." He's like, "It'll be the best decision of your life. Just get in." I'm like, "Okay." And so I just joined the call and I just see like Logan and I I don't even know these other people. I'm going to put them on blast. And we're all just like, "Are you sure, Gary?" And we're asking questions and he's like, "Just buy it. I don't I was just so pulled by his like conviction that I bought a bunch." I wait. >> Yeah, I bought quite a few. >> How many? >> Uh I I I don't want to say, but please I bought multiple ones. >> Coffeezilla was eventually able to provide some more questions to Mr. Beast through Oompville as he did his tell- all interview with Mr. soon after during which Oompville would directly ask about the super token dealings, receiving an answer from Jimmy that seemed slimy at best, as he appears to hide behind a straw man argument that he wasn't explicitly telling his fans to buy the token. >> On May 12th, 2021, you Mr. Beast tweeted in response to a uh it was a Ilio Trades tweet, "There's a gym sitting there on the market at an eye watering price set to explode during Defy Summer 2.0." And then you responded by saying super question mark with a crazy emoji. Um, so why did not why did you not disclose that you had a vested interest in the coin that you were tweeting about? Super question mark. >> People, you know, that are just getting secondhands of the story think I literally tweet out go buy super, go buy super. Um, yeah, you know, the fund did hold some super and I just saw the that was the owner of super, the guy who made the coin and I just went scrolling through Twitter just replied super to his tweet. I did not tell people to buy Super. >> He doesn't disclose one that he set up a pre-sale and he's like in before anyone else, right? Millions of dollars. He's in two that his fund had been selling and continued to sell after that tweet. A similar pattern appears to repeat across numerous crypto projects. Mr. Beast or whoever was managing his fund would invest early and his name would then be used in various ways to allegedly hype up these projects. And once the price peaked, the tokens would be dumped, creating millions in profits. But when any criticism would be levied against these practices, Mr. Beast and his team would hide behind the claim that all of the trading was handled by the fund and not Mr. Beast himself. This fund trades on Mr. Beast's name. As we've seen, they get in pre-sales based on his name. Uh he tweets from his public account and they are putting his name publicly on projects websites instead of a fund. But when things go south, suddenly, oh, Mr. Be's what? No, I no liability just because he's not sitting there physically pressing the buttons. I don't think that's the way it works. >> Ironically, during the impulsive podcast, Mike Mak would seemingly this time be the one to say the quiet part out loud as he would question whether the real reason that projects like Crypto Punks was so successful was precisely because of all the influential people that had invested in them early before then promoting them to their millions of followers and pumping up the prices. C >> can I ask you guys a question? When when Gary does that call with all these billionaires and 8 months or a year later everybody's like, "Gary was right again." >> Is it possible that he's right because of the call? Do you know what I'm saying? Like Like dude, he has all these billionaire market makers in the thing. He makes the call, makes the market. By the way, you look around at all the punk owners a year later and you're like, damn, it's all the same cuz they were on the call. >> Funny enough, Mr. Beast would attempt to partly disprove this theory by saying how he hadn't even mentioned owning Crypto Punks publicly. I can tell you I don't think what because that was all back like early February. Like the things didn't pop off till later and every like NFT project was popping off, not just punk. >> I mean I mean make no mistake like having such influential people involved in projects, it's not it can't hurt the ability for the project to to work. You know what I'm saying? >> 95% of those people didn't even mention it. You know what I mean? Like I've never talked about publicly. >> However, in the end, this in fact turned out to be an outright lie as Mr. Beast had indeed publicly mentioned about owning at least one. Later, at the beginning of 2025, right when Donald Trump had launched his hugely controversial Trumpcoin, Mr. Beast would confidently state on Twitter how he could also make hundreds of millions of dollars with his own memecoin, but added that this simply felt too icky, so he would pass. This could certainly be true, but perhaps there's also a chance that if Mr. Beast hadn't been called out by the likes of Coffeezilla when it came to his past crypto investments, that we all might now be feverishly looking at the daily chart of the Beastcoin on Coin Market Cap. Thankfully, that didn't happen, and overall, crypto remains a minuscule part of Mr. Beast's wealth accumulation strategy. Honestly, to me, I feel like Mr. Beast dabbling in crypto is actually one of the more damning scandals, and I'd rate it an 80% on the Scamometer. Mr. Beast strikes me as somebody that likes to put on a facade that he doesn't care about money or hold very little money of his own. But this couldn't be further from the truth. Everything he does is optimized for maximum profit from his crypto investing to his charitable causes. But unlike charitable videos that do good and come with a side effect of profits, dealing in the crypto markets is a zero- sum game. For someone to come up on a coin and pull the rug, someone else has to lose. I think his crypto plays behind the scenes reek of the very same greed as his charitable causes. But only in this game, Jimmy's followers actually have to get hurt and lose out for Jimmy to win. It seems like he's learned his lesson on that front. But again, in that kind of disingenuous way where he's not sorry he rugged people, he's really just sorry he got caught and realizes it's more profitable to probably keep your reputation clean. But Mr. Beast's hunger for more money extends far beyond what's on your screens or in your crypto wallets. Because over the past few years, Jimmy's ambition and greed now has him with eyes on the contents of your fridge, your lunchbox, and your stomach as well. And this new conquest on his fans digestive systems has made a very sizable addition to his business empire. And perhaps even more unsettling, the biggest target of Mr. Beast's ongoing war on nutrition are his young and impressionable child fans. The fifth scandal is that Mr. Beast's food products are actually bad for you. Jimmy isn't content with cramming content, sponsors, and demands for charitable donations and questionable cryptos down his young, impressionable fans throats for money. But in an effort to build the biggest multi-billion dollar brand possible, he's launched a number of food products which all have some questionable marketing. In September 2024, Mr. Beast partnered with Logan Paul and KSI to launch Lunchly, a very similarly named product to a direct competitor named Lunchables. And from the start, Lunchly was marketed as a healthier lunch option for kids. >> Lunchley versus Lunchables. With Lunchly, you get double the amount of liquid. >> Prime has no sugar added, more electrolytes, and more B vitamins. >> Our pizza uses real cheese. Theirs, as it says on their box, is mozzarella pasteurized prepared cheese product. They can't even call it real cheese. We're also 30 less calories, three less grams of fat, and eight less grams of sugar. To support that claim, Lunchly ads would push sideby-side comparisons with Lunchables, highlighting lower calories, more electrolytes, and reduced sugar. However, on Twitter, aka X posts from Logan Paul featuring that same chart would get hit with a community note for misleading and incorrect claims. Soon after, larger creators would join the criticism, including PewDiePie, who questioned whether the product was actually good for kids. You can tell that none of them are parents cuz [laughter] you should not feed your kids that garbage. Like, what the Meanwhile, medical professionals argued that the comparisons were incomplete because they left out major health factors like sodium and saturated fat. More specifically, medical professionals pointed out that sodium was still present in Lunchley, but was comically labeled as electrolytes instead. At the same time, consumer reports confirmed that Lunchley had less total sugar, but noted that artificial sweeteners and sugar substitutes were being used instead, which came with their own risks. Prime uses sucralose and aculfane potassium or ACK. Artificial sweeteners come with their own risks. A 2022 study by Charlotte de Bra and colleagues found that sucralose and ACK are associated with a 9% increase of cardiovascular issues and an 18% increased risk of stroke. Ultimately, experts found small differences between Lunchly and Lunchables. But more broadly, both products contained ultrarocessed foods that really shouldn't be eaten daily. And speaking of which, what's the final ruling here on the healthiness of our favorite lunch treat? Are Lunchables, Lunchly, and other meal kits a disgusting product that should be removed from store shelves and never eaten again by mortals? Some of them. Would I recommend people or especially children eat Lunchables or Lunchly every day? God, no. But that's okay. Now, this needs to be made clear. Claiming that Lunchly is doing good by being marginally better than a competitor food in the same category of barely nutritional survival slop really isn't good for the world. Mr. Beast could have pushed healthy, natural, and nutritionally complete food on his young, impressionable audience and done good. But instead, he decided to launch a product in a highly profitable, low nutrition niche that would be the most likely to make him the most money. And he just tweaked his competitor's recipe just enough to be able to make claims that his product is superior. For someone so obsessed with charity and improving the world, it just makes you wonder like, why didn't Mr. Beast embark on a mission to put more fruits and vegetables in school meals? Like I remember when British chef Jamie Oliver did a TV show called School Dinners and he televised his mission of improving the quality of food in schools. But it's clear that Lunchley isn't about helping kids. It's about making as much money as possible for the Mr. Beast brand. Now Lunchley faced more criticism after YouTuber DanTDM accused the brand of selling unhealthy food to kids who were trusting the creators promoting it. Now, in response, Logan Paul would defend Lunchley, pointing out that Dan never criticized Lunchley's competitor, Lunchables, which are allegedly known to contain the chemical lead, something which is highly dangerous and can cause developmental issues with children. >> Lead, the super dangerous neurotoxin, the same lead that is especially dangerous for children. In fact, lead in children is linked to damage to the brain and nervous system, slowed growth and development, as well as learning and behavior problems. >> It would be really bad if there was lead in in your product, too, Jimmy. And lo and behold, by mid 2025, consumer reports would also find traces of lead in Lunchley, including one test near 78% of the daily limit, just 1% above Lunchables. See, it's not about getting the lead out of the kids food. It's about making sure that those kids are buying Jimmy's lead. All right, he really should have called it Ledly. But according to the popular medical YouTuber Dr. Mike, neither Lunchly nor Lunchables actually qualify as healthy, but he also argued that the outrage towards Mr. Beast, KSI, and Logan Paul was kind of selective. It's clear Lunchly, just like Lunchables, misses the mark too many times to be considered meaningfully healthy. I just think if a company was truly interested in creating a healthier lunch kit for kids, the USDA standard should be the minimum starting requirements. But then came the controversy that truly attached growth to Lunchley's brand. As in a viral video, a known Mr. Beast critic, the YouTuber Rosanna Pansino, claimed that she had found a mold in a Lunchly product that she had purchased. But she was doing a demonstration of Lunchly and everybody knows she's Mr. Beast's number one hater. The story is she bought some Lunchlley's just like we did for a video demonstration and when I opened it, the cheese was covered in mold. >> These are molded. This is molded. That's mold. >> What are the chances that she sets up this whole shoot and gets a box with mold in it on the first one she opens? Like what is theing chances of that happening? Now granted, I now believe her. She She's She came with the receipts. She didn't fake it. I believe her. >> Same here, brother. And afterwards, Logan Paul and KSI's initial response was just to laugh it off as haters chasing clicks. >> I mean, yeah, let she can do her thing, man. Let let her do her thing. >> Yeah. Yeah. She Yeah, the uh Yeah, like I like my cheese moldy, bro. [laughter] >> But soon after, Lunchley said that its products had passed multiple inspections before leaving their facilities, suggesting that the issue likely must have happened after it was shipped. Later, Mr. B said he couldn't control what happens once the product leaves the factory. >> Once it leaves your factory, you know, a truck that's delivering it could technically take a sharp turn and a box fall and puncture the seal or honestly even something as dumb as like when it's put on the shelves at the store. Like I can't stop someone from walking to Walmart and grabbing a lunch, >> going to the potato chip aisle, putting it there and then like a day later an employee going that doesn't belong there and put it back in. Like I mean obviously they shouldn't do that. They should throw it away. And Jimmy would also point out that their main competitor also had cases of mold in their products. Here's a context a lot of people leave out. Look at I don't want to name specific brands because but take a specific brand that comes into your mind when you think of something like Lunchly, something that's very similar, specific brand, I don't know, other brands, competitors, and Google their name and put the word mold behind it. You'll see thousands upon thousands of examples. See, just shut up and buy Jimmy's mold. All right? It's 1% more moldy than moldables. In fact, to be fair, there are numerous complaints about Lunchables having mold easily found online, too. And quality experts point out how mold can come from storage, handling at the facility, during shipping, or even in the store. But again, Jimmy and Logan's response says a lot. There's no mold. It's not our fault. The mold happened after the factory. It's out of our hands, and our competitors have moldy food out there anyway as well. Buy my mold. All right? It's all moldy food anyway. We just want to be the market leader in moldy lunches. But how about committing to making sure that the food isn't turning up on the shelves moldy and maybe offering a higher quality or actually genuinely more healthy product than your competitors rather than just racing to the bottom. But Lunchley's direct competitor, Lunchables, had faced its own accusations of misleading marketing, including a lawsuit showing that this type of strategy existed long before Mr. Beast. But anyway, more criticism followed when Lunchley's terms of service began circulating on social media. According to these hidden terms, customers buying Lunchly had agreed to wave their right to sue, instead agreeing to resolve any disputes with the company through neutral third-party arbitration. Interestingly, the tweeter noted that Lunchables don't require you to wave your rights when you consume their mold, I mean lead, I mean food. However, to be fair, arbitration clauses are more common than uncommon in the consumer landscape. And as of 2020, more than 2/3 of the top selling brands in the US actually had them. Now, Disney has been called out and dragged recently for their despicable use of an arbitration clause to prevent their customers being treated fairly when things go wrong. Specifically, citing a famous case where someone actually died after informing a Disney owned restaurant about an allergy which was ignored. But according to Disney, because the dead man had accepted the Disney Plus terms of service, then they couldn't sue for a wrongful death and they would have to go to the arbitrator. This is the type of pure evil that you expect from a heartless corporation, but not from your favorite YouTuber selling an underdog product. these impressionable kids. But make no mistake, if you died eating a lunchly, Mr. Beast lawyers will be pulling that arbitration clause out faster than you can say lead poisoning. And again, this goes back to one of the most sinister things about Mr. Beast Empire. It's this massive profit focused corporation masquerading as an underdog creator brand. And Lunchley is really only the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the questionable food plays being made by Mr. Beast Corp. Alongside Lunchley, Mr. Beast chocolate brand Feastables also faced criticism over its ethical marketing claims as early messaging implied that Feastables was ethically sourced and even slavery free which became a key selling point for many buyers. But later critics pointed out how the slavery free wording was silently removed from the branding without expectation. Did you know that when Mr. Beast first launched Beastables, he had a bunch of stuff on the website about their chocolates being child-free and slave [music] free? They even doubled down and added an entire dedicated page that said, "We're slave free." However, in late 2023, all mentions of their chocolate being child-free [music] and slavery disappeared. Now, the motive proposed was that Mr. Beast had always known that he was going to use child labor and simply attempted to use the slavery free slogan as an early marketing scheme. I think Mr. Beast knew all along that this was going to happen. So, he prepared for it in advance. When he first launched Fastables, [music] he played up just enough. He played up the card of being slave labor free, child labor free, just enough so that people would notice, but not enough that it became integral to his brand. And then slowly, quietly, he activated the plan to move away from those things to take advantage [music] of the weakest and the most vulnerable among us, hoping no one would notice. But I noticed, and I hope that the whole world notices now. However, in a later interview, Mr. Beast gave a simpler and accidentally more sinister explanation, saying that as his company grew and began sourcing cocoa from West Africa, it just became a lot harder to guarantee fully ethical chocolate. >> Yeah. So, majority of the world's cocoa comes from West Africa. Fastables early on, we source from Peru. um which Peru doesn't have ethical problems. But after we started getting bigger, all all the roads lead to you have to source from West Africa because that's just where most of the world's cocoa is grown. Um and that's where things are the worst and the most unethical. Again, just take a second to see how the mask slips, right? This guy is meant to be such a nice guy doing so much charities, curing the blind, feeding the hungry. He's basically Jesus with a camera, but his company got so big, he just couldn't not use slavery in the supply chain. You know how it goes when you're growing, scaling up. Maybe a little slavery to keep the economies of scale up is acceptable, but we're going to do some good. We're going to take some of that slave money and put it we're going to buy some ice for people. Jimmy would also say that Feastables is at least fair trade certified, meaning that the brand actively helps reduce child labor by paying cocoa farmers more. There are over 1.5 million kids in child labor, so you can eat cheap chocolate. You see, Big Chocolate pays their farmers so little that they make less than a dollar a day on average. And as a result, 45% of children in Coco communities work in illegal child labor. And I want to tell you three things that Feastables is doing to get these kids out of child lab. First, we pay 100% of our cacao farmers a living income reference prize. It's a benchmark set by Fair Trade to ensure farmers earn enough where they can afford housing, food, and other basic necessities. Second, 100% of our cacao is fair trade certified, which is the gold standard for ethical certification. They have rigorous standards that protects [music] the livelihoods of small farmers and farm workers. And third, the farms Feastables work with are actively implementing child labor monitoring and remediation systems so the kids can get off the farms and into schools. >> Meanwhile, content creators like Dog Pack 404 also attempted to attack Fastables by claiming that Mr. Beast was lying about its healthiness in comparison to the competition like Hershey's chocolate. But according to Soggy Cereal, the one who was in fact lying, or at least misunderstanding the facts, was allegedly Dogpack himself. He's comparing a single serving size 43 g Hershey's bar to a two serving size 60 g Fastables bar. If you recalculate the ingredients of both to 43 g, then you'll see that Fastable still has less sugar than Hershey's and actually has less calories than the previous formula. More broadly, public health experts warned that influencerled food marketing can blur the lines between advertising and real nutrition advice, especially for kids. But beyond maybe a little bit of child slavery, mold, and shady marketing tactics, these are not even all of the food related controversies that Mr. Beast has faced with another one involving the use of so-called ghost kitchens to sell the infamous Mr. Beast burgers, which led to some [music] pretty horrendous results. So much so that Mr. Beast actually ended up suing the company who was actually in charge of this steamed ham operation, arguing that they were causing real harm to his brand. But again, it begs the question, where is the accountability in all this? It's all well and good saying, "Okay, let's use Ghost Kitchen and just sell whatever burgers we can put our logo on to cuz these impressionable kids will just buy anything I put my face on because I'm your favorite creator." Mr. Beast isn't getting into the burger business for the passion or because he feels like he has some vision of how he's going to delight his fans with a game-changing burger brand. It's all just about the numbers. Just like the charity only cared and only sued when they started damaging his brand. At a certain point, the Mr. Beast product portfolio starts looking like the Crusty the Clown gift shop. But then again, this is what celebrities have been doing since the start of time. But it seems like once again, we are kind of looking at a bit of a mixed bag where real legit criticism has become muddled together with some highly speculative allegations. Overall though, perhaps one of the more interesting criticisms relating to all of the Mr. Beast food ventures is the misleading marketing towards children, as he claims he creates stuff to help kids eat healthier, but somehow all of his products seem to fall under the categories of snacks, sweets, and fast food. If the mission is truly to use his enormous popularity amongst young people to promote healthier diets, then where are the beast salads similar to the ones that his personal chef is preparing for him? You see, Mr. Beast is feeding your kids food he [music] would never eat himself. And for that reason, this is an 80% on the scandalometer. All right, because really Jimmy is selling all these products for the wrong reasons. And now for the final scandal of the video, we're going to look at the biggest money play of Mr. Beast's whole career, Beast Games. The biggest scandal that Mr. Beast doesn't want you to know about by far is that Beast Games was a disaster and a cover up. Now, imagine you've come from humble beginnings, conquering the YouTube space, becoming the biggest and most beloved creator on the platform. YouTube being the most popping form of new media in this generation. Mr. Beast really has the kids of America and beyond by the Feastables. But Jimmy was far from done on his journey to shove his face in front of all 8 billion people on the planet. And the next step was to break out of the YouTube space and into the traditional TV format. In early 2024, Mr. Beast took his biggest step in expanding his media empire as he announced a huge deal with Amazon to produce a competition reality TV show, which was released in December of that year with the title Beast Games. In true Mr. Beast style, the show went all out, breaking an insane 44 Guinness World Records during filming. Amazing work, as I didn't even know Guinness kept records for the moldiest lunches. But for real though, Mr. Bees truly pushed the envelope, setting exciting records like biggest pong cup and fastest monster truck pulled by team and the illustrious achievement of most balls used at 5,000 [music] balls. Well done, Mr. Beast. But in true Mr. Beast fashion, the most impressive numbers were, of course, the ones related to the money. They had the largest physical cash prize on set ever of $5 million, which is about half a million more than the grand prize for Netflix's real life version of the Squid Games. They had the most expensive non-cash prize won on a competitive reality TV show, a set of islands in Panama worth $1.8 million. They broke the record for the most money won in a single episode of a competitive reality TV show at just over $2 million. They had the largest prize fund awarded for a competitive reality TV show at $10 million. But most impressively of all was the fact that it was the most expensive competitive reality TV show ever produced with a $100 million budget, which for context is $10 million more than the budget for the final season of Game of Thrones. The show had 2,000 participants, which is also the most in a single competitive reality TV show, another record. Although half of these competitors were eliminated during a video on Mr. Beast's YouTube channel before the actual Amazon show even started. Now, this was Mr. Beast playing the numbers game bigger than he'd ever done on YouTube. And the show was also a commercial success, becoming Amazon streaming services most watched unscripted series ever with over 50 million people tuning in during the first 25 days of airing. However, when it comes to actual reviews of the show, the show was certainly a contender for world's most expensive stinker with platforms such as Rotten Tomatoes showing how professional critics absolutely despised the show while the actual audience seemed to largely enjoy it with it being described by one viewer as a pathetic, sweaty, dystopian train wreck. Sounds like Jimmy. Then there were also of course dozens of YouTube video essays made about the show which largely seemed to share the sentiment of the critics with each coming out with titles progressively more savage than the last to bash the show as pretty much the worst thing ever done on TV. But besides some very harsh criticism of the content of Beast Games, the production of the show would also cause more serious controversies than the content that they actually made. With numerous media outlets like Rolling Stone and the New York Times releasing scathing investigative reporting about the shortcoming of the production team even before the show was released, delightfully likening it to the game show equivalent of the Fire Festival, but even worse because there was no JAR rule. Others claimed that contestants needed to be willing to die for Mr. beast and commenting on how contestants signed contracts, acknowledging [music] risks of serious injury on set and was suggesting that the actual conditions were even worse than the ominous disclaimers were suggesting. Much of the criticism focused on the very first stage of the competition where 2,000 contestants were confined inside Allegiant Stadium, the home of the Las Vegas Raiders, for several days. In one of the more odd twists, the contestants were asked to turn in their phones, belongings, and even their prescription medications with the oldest participant being 82 years old. This was really becoming that Squid Game where your grandpa pack might get rolled up. And even though participants were reassured that the medication would be given to them when needed, new sources would receive several reports of people being denied their medications on time, with one diabetic woman being allegedly denied her insulin for days until she would exhibit signs of a diabetic shock. One contestant who had a seizure was allegedly left without any medical attention for nearly an hour. While one older woman had allegedly given the production team 5 days worth of heart medication, but was first denied her medication before 4 days of medication would somehow go missing. Beast Games had seen Jimmy graduate from torturer to full-blown medical experimentter. And according to an industry expert interviewed by the local News3 Las Vegas, he couldn't think of a single reason why people would be asked to give away their medications, while also pointing out the obvious chaos that would ensue from keeping track of the medication of 2,000 people. While one production medic who participated on set reported that they were tasked with handling medications at a makeshift 24-hour pharmacy station and claiming that they had never before been asked by a production to confiscate and attempt to monitor medication to this degree. It would claim that the denials of medication may have been due to a lack of communication between [music] the different crews and an overall lack of planning with dystopian claims of apparent blackshirted security members becoming tyrants and refusing to let contendants visit the 24-hour pharmacy because they just didn't know the rules. I guess they were just following orders from the uh head beast with one almost comical quote being how one Mr. Beast producer had allegedly informed the medics that Mr. Beast does not believe in schedules creating chaos intentionally. The YouTuber Oompville would interview numerous contestants to get their takes about what happened at the Beast Games and what went wrong with several contestants also mentioning the problems with medication and getting care when needed. Although the stories were somewhat less dramatic than the ones told in the press. >> I know that it was for some folks and I know that some of it's been exaggerated, but some of it was true. You I mean there's there were just gaps of time that you could get your medication [music] and there were only you know a small number of people that were actually able to be able to give people like psychotic medication. [music] There were some people that had medication needs and they weren't able to necessarily get them because it was a hold up. >> I had no access to vision for like a good amount of time [music] and they actually lost my contacts. It it wasn't specifically the production staff. It was like [music] medical team that they hired. There was a girl who was having like a psychotic break and one of the wranglers or staff members actually screamed at her and threatened to eliminate her. >> I need my medication. The crew member would say, "I would love to give you your medication, but this person above me is telling me that [music] you can't have your medication because we can't find it. It's in a it's in a specific room, and we don't know where that room is." >> The apparent lack of communication, planning, and scheduling would seem to affect everything during at least those first few days of production in Vegas, with contestants reporting issues like lack of food and how they would sometimes have to wait even days just to receive basic stuff like clean underwear. Only about a dozen portable restrooms were reportedly provided for the 2,000 contestants living in the stadium, and at least one of those would end up overflowing and soiling the sleeping bag of one of the contestants. Now, I'm surprised Mr. Beast didn't get wind of this and offer $10,000 to anyone that was down to spend a night in that soiled sleeping bag. But in another almost comical twist, just 2 days before the principal shooting, the producers decided suddenly to invert the filming schedule from day to night, as nobody had seemingly taken into consideration that the lighting couldn't be controlled in the stadium during the daytime. But that's okay. I'm sure Jimmy had a plan. Black dot. >> Good god. One member of the local production staff told how they had experienced the same confusion as the contestants as the Mr. Beast team would constantly withhold information from them. While a staff member of the Allegiance Stadium hosting the shoot described the state that the stadium was left in as an absolute disaster with them claiming the stadium was left strewn with broken items and props. It was covered in sand and I can assume a few soiled sleeping bags too. Another local staff member would describe it as the most unprepared production they had ever been part of with no systems in place and nobody to answer any questions. In September 2024, five of the contestants would hit Mr. Beast and Amazon with a 54-page class action lawsuit accusing them of issues like creating unsafe employment conditions. The complaint alleged widespread mistreatment of contestants including harassment, lack of medical care, inadequate food, and unpaid expenses and wages. Allegations that Mr. Beast claimed were shameless, exploitative, and blown out of proportion. >> Mr. Beast, a 26-year-old multi-millionaire and YouTube meastar, now under fire. his production company sued along with Amazon by the contestants of his new reality show. The lawsuit detailing what the contestants call unreasonable, unsafe, and unlawful employment conditions. Writing the show only allowed them to be fed sporadically and sparsely fostered a culture of misogyny and sexism and had insufficient medical staff to attend to potential and actual injuries during the production. >> In response to all the criticism, a spokesperson for Mr. beast would provide a generic statement, blaming external events like extreme weather and other unexpected logistical and communication issues, as well as also suggesting that part of the reason the production was so disorganized was due to the so-called Crowd Strike incident, during which the American cyber security company Crowdstrike distributed a faulty update to its security software, causing widespread problems with Windows computers running that software. At this point, the show had already continued filming in Toronto with the remaining thousand contestants for the actual Beast Game show that was eventually shown on the Amazon streaming service with some contestants from this leg of the production reporting how their conditions had improved immensely, which is something that contestants would also tell to Oompville, too. Canada was substantially better, >> of course. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. I've heard I've heard a lot of that. So, Canada, obviously, Beast Games took over that whole production after that, after they realized Mr. Pictures couldn't handle um having 2,000 people on a show. So, one of my close friends ended up making it Canada, and he was the one who was telling us like they got way [music] more food. They were able to kind of whatever they wanted and everything else. So, there's a huge divide between us who got eliminated in Vegas because we felt like we went through like the more challenging part of Beast Games versus those who went to Canada had like more privilege and they get to have like their jerseys back and they get to go to premieres and we don't. However, some crew members and contestants still described the conditions there as dangerous, with one crew member themselves also again comparing the production to the infamous Firefest fiasco, pointing out how much like with the Firefest, there was a reason that a production of this scale had never been attempted before, as Mr. Beast himself had proudly announced, the scale of the Beast Games production far surpassed his typical YouTube videos describing it as the biggest everything in history. And Mr. Beast was clearly trying to break the record for biggest lawsuit, too. But unfortunately, as many of the production staff pointed out to the media, it seems that Mr. Beast team who were used to YouTube productions, although admittedly very large ones, were simply not aware of the complexities of large studio productions. And most concerningly, some would argue that Mr. Beast himself was largely ignorant of the production struggles, with one production manager arguing that Amazon had placed too much trust in the YouTuber without real production experience and that his flippant attitude to the inexperience posed a real danger to the 2,000 contestants who participated in the show. However, the real truth is probably once again likely somewhere in the middle with other sources like the contestants interviewed by Oompavville describing a much more nuanced overall experience. >> I think that [music] in some cases there's validity and I didn't see anybody injured, but my understanding is people actually were injured. We we signed paperwork that said really we are willing to die to be in this competition. That's awesome. So, so when somebody breaks the shoulder, you know, because they're they're doing something that's strenuous because they want to go to the next level, well, that's on them. >> So, from my perspective, things were organized as best as possibly could. >> This 2000 show event could have like a few injuries in there. It doesn't necessarily mean that he's like an evil person. Like, obviously, I think things improved in Toronto, right? And I think it's important to acknowledge that like, yeah, it did get better, right? But at the same time, like that doesn't mean you just dismiss the stories of the people that this happened to. >> Some people um countered those frustrations, but a lot of people who lost early were very frustrated and a lot of them looked at opportunities to talk to media as, you know, a quick payday. >> In the end, like a kid nibbling the mold off the edges of his lunchly stack, it seems quite likely that Mr. Beast did in fact bite off more than he could chew, particularly when it comes to the first part of the competition. And there seems to be a decent chance that he was honestly lucky that nobody got more seriously hurt. But then again, both the media and some of the contestants undoubtedly have strong incentives to exaggerate many of the issues in the hopes of getting clicks and attention. With the lawsuit still ongoing, we're yet to find out if the allegations, including those of sexual harassment on set, are true. Claims which could still be devastating to Mr. Beast and his brand. But for Amazon, it seems that these scandals and the ongoing lawsuit didn't discourage them from working with the record-breaking Rain Maker. And a second season of Beast Games would premiere on their streaming service at the start of 2026. This time with significantly higher scores from the professional critics, showing that Mr. Beast and his team had seemingly listened to the criticism from all sides and made some vital improvements. This time notably only using 200 contestants while making the concept arguably much more interesting by dividing the contestants into two teams. One presenting physical power and the other intelligence and mental prowess. So in the end, I'd probably rate the Beast Game scandal a 50% on the Scandalometer. There's been some seriously bad allegations, and it sounds like people were needlessly put at risk in season 1. But clearly, if this was such a serious danger to the community, Amazon wouldn't have come back around asking for a second season. Now, I'd put this scandal up to a coin toss, and maybe we'll know the truth one day when that lawsuit gets worked out. But for now, just like the giveaways, it seems like the juice is still worth the squeeze for Billiondoll Jimmy. So, if a few people have to go without their medications to keep the games going, then the show goes on. But for Mr. Beast's final scandal that's yet to happen. He might be planning to take charge of the American way of life as we know it. Ever since Mr. Beast found his secret weapon to growing his channel was giving away absorbent amounts of cash and creating spectacles, each crazier than the next, it seems his career has gone from strength to strength with very few missteps. And even all of the controversies mentioned in this video have hardly caused even a blip in Jimmy's unstoppable upward trajectory. He's still the Jesus-like Messiah, conjuring up billions of dollars, changing lives, giving away millions, and curing the blind on a regular basis. And as all of the praise and kissing has continued, Mr. Beast has seemingly become increasingly comfortable seeing himself as the new emperor of the social media age. In 2022, when Elon Musk had just purchased Twitter, Mr. Beast would message Musk on the platform publicly asking if he could be the CEO. At the time, many were probably taking this as a harmless joke. They weren't laughing in 2024 when he announced on the same platform that if the US lowered the age to be able to run in presidential elections, then he would jump into the race. Now, he was clearly an incredible candidate for Republican president with his solid track record of needlessly denying patients their medications. But he would let the world know what a great and forward-thinking president that he would be, making his first presidential promise that for problems I'm ignorant in, I'd have the experts from the left and the right advise me on them and try and find the middle ground that's the best for America. I mean, wow. It's a genius idea, Jimmy. Nobody ever thought of that. Maybe you should get a bunch of them and just, you know, make them sit in a room together and decide what to do. You could call it the cabinet or no wait, cabinetly and it's going to be 1% better than what we already have now. But most importantly, Jimmy will be in charge of everything, especially your medications. Now, I guess only Mr. Beast knows what's best for Americans, but you can certainly believe whatever he decides will of course be very, very good for Mr. Beast. Now, funnily enough, a few months later, he admitted during his interview with Theo Vaughn that the real purpose of his tweet was simply to get attention. a heart on his sleeve admission that sums up his personality perfectly. Whether charity, the world's biggest pawn cup, [music] or seizing power of the most important office in the world, Jimmy will always do whatever it takes to be seen by more people. Apparently, Jimmy is really serious about seizing power in America. And he's admitted that he would really consider taking over the country later in life when he was in his 50s or 60s. But still, in 2025, it became harder and harder to understand when he was simply trolling for attention, when he was being serious. Or perhaps he was always doing both. Because as the CEO of Twitter, now known as X, would step down, Mr. Beast would once again tweet how he was ready to fill the role. And perhaps true to his style, also engagement maxing the post by misspelling the word role. At one point, which now feels like a long time ago, it seemed like Mr. Beast was somebody with a squeaky clean public image. But in the recent years, stunts like these are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to matters that have made Mr. Beast seem amongst an increasing number of people an outofouch megalomaniac willing to bend any rules of society and reality in pursuit of his views. Even many of Mr. Beast's peers on YouTube seem to think of him as someone who completely ruined the platform. With one of these being YouTuber Jack SeptiCai, who's actually been on YouTube roughly as long as Mr. Beast himself. Now Jack, a completely unrelated question. Do you like Mr. Beast? >> No. Jack, do you think Mr. Beast ruined [music] YouTube? Yes. Now, in all honesty, Jack, why? Because it became more about views, money, and popularity than it did about having fun. You just don't think he had fun playing Squid Games. You think you had fun riding on yachts, building wells in Africa? I DON'T KNOW. >> IF HE HAD FUN DOING those videos, they'd be longer. We'd see the fun. And you know things are bad when even one of the most hated people on the internet 6ix9ine is linking up with Mr. Beast's degenerate counterpart Steve will do it to make a diss song about him. This was the Mr. Beast diss song Mr. Week where Steve will do it mocked Mr. Beast's recent morally dubious opening of a theme park in Saudi Arabia by rapping who the f is Mr. Beast you be sucking off the cheeks. In many YouTube circles Mr. Beast has become persona nongraata an unwelcome person on the platform that he has seized control of. And at this point, it's become an actual sub genre on YouTube to drop videos exposing Mr. Beast as evil, a sellout, a scammer, and the list goes on. And I'm glad to have now joined the ranks. However, I'll admit that I too, all right, when I begun this research for this video, I assume that this would end up being a huge takedown of Mr. Beast and just exposing him as a weirdo. And to be honest, I still think there's something deeply troubling about Jimmy and the kind of content he makes and his obsession with numbers, views, and money, and the way that that obsession affects not just YouTube as a platform, but also just the online and offline culture in the world as a whole. I don't think Mr. Beast is evil, but if anything, he is definitely a symptom of a really sick do anything for views culture that's been cultivated by algorithms that choose what people actually get to watch. The only things that get pushed nowadays are the most extreme things you've ever seen. the biggest prize, the darkest crime, the killer with the most bodies. And until that changes, there's always going to be clout hungry, famed demons willing to do anything the algorithm asks to be seen and get rich. And it just so happens that Mr. Beast is the daddy of them all. Now, if you like this video, make sure you go and subscribe to my new documentary channel linked in the description, Influencers Exposed. Nobody is about to be safe. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IDC-e1o [1 likes]: I smell an "Ellen " 😂
  2. @By-water8787 [1 likes]: Why does no one seem to talk about Mr Beast promoting gambling to minors
  3. @howardc7820: Nah 12mins is enough of this rubbish. Thumbs down for you buddy.
  4. @AustinButeau-r3p: U can't be nice to get to the top. It's always been that way
  5. @ambericeberg7068: So is Beastland meant to be the Holy Land of JImmy "Jesus" Beast Donaldson Christ's faithful? Or is just just bloody oil money from the journalist and dissident murdering Oil Princes of Saudi?
  6. @DavidBrendanPaul: It seems to me that no one gets ahead on Youtube without humiliation, sacrifice and someone transitioning. 
No different than every other aspect of this world and life, it seems.
  7. @greggtilghman6349: The damage is done.  If Jimmy Donaldson walked away from YouTube right now, he could retire as a billionaire.  The damage is done, he's ruined lives, he's mistreated his employees, he's just as bad as Jeff Besos and Elon Musk in the way he treats those who he employs.  All of his machinations on YouTube have been grifts and illusions with the players leaving traumatized and he's laughing all the way to the banks to cash in the checks. And in the end, his employees are wondering how they are going to pay next month's rent and how they are going to afford to get their CVT transmission replaced in their piece of shit Honda, Mazda, or Nissan.
  8. @BrasspineappleProductions: We are the realest Content Creators on Youtube, but that is another story.
  9. @tradelogikk7876: Under our current economic and monetary system, a system that at this point we were all born into mind you, under this system this kind of thing will ALWAYS happen...
We as a species do not need currency as we use it today. Period. 
Money is not what motivates people regardless of what you were taught. 
A few people in our world created it to control the rest of us. Period. 
Massive global change is required
  10. @WoolyDooly-r6w: The girl at 14:45, she gives fake me too vibes
  11. @GtAC3R: Finally another banger
  12. @HowYaGoing: I never really watched Mr Beast,  i actually like him more after watching this video. feel like your using classic Absurdum reductim and your blaming him for a lot of the World's problems he's obviously not blameless but a lot of these 'scandals' are nonsense compared to what most other companies are doing every day!. so many companies are disgustingly evil and he's copping it because of mistakes and lack of experience...   even the mouldy cheese thing hes a youtuber and a young fella trying to make a buck and keep everyone happy he's not food company but Lunchables which is a actual food company all they do is food gets a double standard. the reason this video is not getting more likes is because most the content sounds like it was written by my Itchy little sister. most the things here labelled 'Scandals' are not even scandals and this this Borderline slander. easily debunked, obviously prime is not good for kids but is rockstar or coke? isn't it not the parent's role to set barriers how is a 14yo aloud to run discord chat services when in Australia they can't even have social media yet. most of the main scandals here wouldn't be a thing if people looked after their kids and stopped blaming the internet they use as a babysitter. end note im going to watch more of his vids and see whats up i won't buy his crypto cause im not a fuzzy idiot
  13. @Rainyydayytodayy: People should hate the player, not just the game. If there're no players, there's no game.
  14. @schill3833: 69 & stevewilldoit said it best ✌️
  15. @TheRickestRick36: I feel like Ross' voice has been stolen by AI
  16. @Blu3Rosin: I've never seen one of Mr.beast videos before
  17. @tyjhairobinson802: NAD
MAD
  18. @bikerboy3k: 21:35 this timeline is fucking wild yo. How you keep saying her and she right as you're showing pictures of a dude with a beard in a wife beater.
  19. @Liminal.P00L: Mid video
  20. @Nicknice187: Anyone who does well in life out of no where from doing counting, and other goofy stuff. Than bringing in "random" viewers which wasn't true. Is truly a scammer, that is his pashion.