- Creating Engaging Email Campaigns That Hook Readers And Rank Well on Google: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @tanhajeny4789: Your channel is so less subscriber you need more subscriber

- How to add Custom Hooks in Email Templates Using Email Customizer for WooCommerce.: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to theme high's email customizer a simple plugin to customize woocommerce transaction emails in this tutorial i will explain the topic custom hooks the custom hook is used to deliver dynamic data to the emails sample cases of dynamic data are tracking number discount amount shipping rate or delivery information step one is adding a custom hook to the email template navigate to the email customizer adder edit template tab here i have already created a sample template to which i am going to add the custom hook after choosing the column to which the custom hook is to be added click on the add element button choose custom hook element from the woocommerce hooks edit the element and rename the hook custom hook is now added successfully to the template step two is defining the custom hook i have already written a function for retrieving the value of shipping rate copy this function to the functions.php file of the active theme the custom hook that is added to the template will be replaced with dynamic data in the assigned emails you

- How To Write A Profitable Newsletter Readers Love: Kind: captions Language: en - In this video, I'm gonna walk you through how to create a newsletter for your business. One that will get you great returns on your bottom line. Plus, one of HubSpot's own email marketing experts is gonna show you how easy it is to make and send a newsletter. We're also gonna reveal a major piece of data that completely changes one of the most common pieces of advice you've likely heard about email marketing. I honestly can't believe no one is talking about this. What's up? It's Jamal from HubSpot. Now, if you're like me, your inbox gets filled with dozens, if not hundreds, of emails every single day. Many of which are marketing emails that get deleted or ignored. Which might make you wonder is anybody reading all of these emails? Fair question, but it actually should make you wonder am I missing out by not sending a newsletter for my business? And the answer is yes. Because email marketing generates an amazing 36 to one ROI. That is a higher return than SEO marketing or pay per click advertising. To see those kinds of returns for your business, you need an email operation that is efficient and effective. That's why I have a free newsletter guide that you can download for free available in the description. Really just giving away the keys to the kingdom with this guide. Seriously, check it out. Now you might be wondering, what am I gonna put in my newsletter? That can really depend on your business, but there are some important rules that I can share with you when it comes to newsletter content. First, the content has to provide something useful for the reader. And that doesn't just mean telling them how great your product or service is. In fact, the first rule of thumb that your newsletter should follow should be 90% educational and only 10% promotional. Yes, there are other types of sales and marketing emails that have more promotional content. And you can learn more about those by watching other videos on our best email marketing tips playlist. But when it comes to newsletters, you want to convince users to click open. Even if a sale isn't immediate result. Maybe they just wanna read a piece of blog content, a quick how-to guide, or maybe a collection of industry news. It really depends on your niche. If you need some inspiration to help you imagine what newsletter content might be right for your business, that free email newsletter guide I mentioned a few minutes ago, includes dozens of examples of effective newsletters that work for a wide array of business. Truly magical, honestly. Rule number two of newsletter content, keep it brief. An email is not the place for article length content. Remember that most people learn what they need from headlines. So make sure your content is simple enough that the reader can skim it and still get the point. That's why the New York Times sums up its headlines at the very top of its daily newsletter. It's also why these two newsletters include charts and infographics for readers to quickly digest the main message while Shopify, for example, uses its newsletter to lure readers into conversations taking place on the company's online community forum. If the reader is interested in learning more, they'll click to find it. And speaking of clicks, that takes us to newsletter content rule number three, pick one primary call to action. This goes along with keeping it simple. You don't want to overwhelm the reader with too many options. Of course you can have additional links, but every newsletter should have one main action that uses a prominent CTA button to hammer home. And lastly, your email needs a good subject line. If you're not sure what the difference is between a bad subject line and a good subject line, don't worry HubSpot published a free ebook, 100 hundred subject lines we actually clicked that you can grab down in the description. You find examples for every type of marketing email including newsletters that subscribers just have to. And I know this seems like a lot of stuff to download, but I swear using these tools is the fastest way to launch your newsletter. So like I said, it is pretty easy to launch a successful newsletter, but as anyone who's been responsible for keeping up a regular email cadence will tell you coming up with new content week after week or month after month can be a lot of work. The best way to not get overwhelmed is by having a content calendar that you can follow. That's why I've got one more free download for you to grab. Just click the email planning template kit to get what you need. So now that you've downloaded all these tools, I think you're ready to start creating an awesome newsletter. The next question is, how are you gonna send it? You never wanna send a newsletter from your personal or business email. Why not? For starters, you risk your personal email being labeled as spam which can hurt delivery of all your emails in the future. You need a professional email tool to handle all of the backend legal requirements for sending promotional emails. HubSpot has an email marketing tool that will let you send up to 2000 emails a month for free. Features all the bells and whistles of more expensive email platforms and it integrates with HubSpot's total CRM marketing hub. So you can grow all of your marketing initiatives with one centralized system. The next question is, who are you gonna send the newsletter to? Hopefully your business already has a list of past clients and potential leads just waiting to hear from you. Just eagerly waiting in the wings being like I sure do hope that I hear from you soon, you know? But no matter if you're starting with 10 emails or 10,000, our channel has a video dedicated entirely to building and growing your email list. So I'm gonna throw a link to that video, you guessed it, in the description. But there's one tip you need to know now. One that you literally won't find in any other email marketing video out there. Trust me, I've looked. Here it is. For years, it's been widely accepted that the best email lists use double opt in to ensure a high quality list even if it means sacrificing the size of your list. But a 2020 study reveal that businesses that use single opt in lists see an ROI that is almost double the ROI using lists that are mainly double opt in. Seriously, why is no one talking about this? Look, setting up a confirmation email isn't a bad idea when collecting new subscribers on your site, but the point is, if you already have a collection of legitimate emails that are single opt in, go ahead and send them your newsletter. The data proves that your overall ROI will be higher. Now, speaking of data, there's one last thing I wanna talk about and that's email analytics. Like everything for your business, you need to monitor the ROI. And for a newsletter, it's pretty easy. Start with the number of emails you send then multiply it by the open rate, the click rate and the conversion rate. Then multiply that number by the average dollar value of each conversion or the lifetime value of a customer, if that makes sense. Next, calculate the cost of sending each email. Be sure to include the cost of any email tools, your internal hours to create the email, and any exclusive content and any external costs. Finally divide the cost per email by your net conversion revenue and multiply by 100. You probably won't hit that wonderful 36 to one ROI right away. So I'm gonna explain a few more analytics and what they mean for your quest to get maximum returns on your email newsletter investment. If you want to get a higher open rate, focus on writing better subject lines. Improving click through means working on your email copy and CTAs. And low conversions mean your landing pages aren't working as well as they should. And finally track your list growth and encourage your current readers to forward the email to their friends if you want a boost in readers. Follow these steps that I laid out, download the free tools, and in a matter of days you can be sending out your first newsletter. If you want more guidance, HubSpot Academy offers a free online certification course that will take you through each step. That 36 to one ROI is closer than you think. And until then, I'm looking forward to seeing your newsletter in my inbox. I'll see you next time. - Our software's the worst. - Have you heard of HubSpot? See, most CRMs are a cobble together mess, but HubSpot is easy to adopt and actually looks gorgeous. - I think I love our new CRM. - Our software is the best. - HubSpot grow better.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [10 likes]: Download HubSpot's Official Email Newsletter Guide + Lookbook Now [FREE RESOURCE] https://clickhubspot.com/6ov
  2. @corynna-u8i [1 likes]: Building trust and delivering consistent value: the ultimate newsletter recipe for long-term success. Time to get hyper-focused on what my audience actually needs!
  3. @vinniduncan-y8w [1 likes]: Really helpful insights on crafting valuable content and building trust! I'm excited to experiment with different content formats to keep my audience engaged. Building relationships is key, and this video provided a great roadmap.
  4. @AbigailMoorenoW: This explained it without confusion
  5. @Brain-Brief: Practical advice 💪
  6. @theonerichard: The downloadable guide is not free. It's going to cost you your email address, name and phone number.
  7. @reneemcknight642: thanks!
  8. @KimberlySantiago-j1c: Great tips on focusing on valuable content and building trust. I'm excited to experiment with the content formats mentioned to keep my subscribers engaged. Definitely going to focus on providing value first!
  9. @DjylsBuckley-t2y: l Email Newsletter Guide
  10. @KristenShaw-u7i: This video has given me some great ideas! Focusing on valuable content and building trust will definitely be my priority as I experiment with diverse content formats to create a newsletter my subscribers will love. Time to get creative!
  11. @saffrenhamby: This video is a great reminder that a successful newsletter is about building genuine relationships with your audience through valuable and engaging content. Time to get creative and deliver something my subscribers will truly look forward to receiving!
  12. @girventyner: Fantastic insights on crafting newsletters that people actually want to read! I'm especially keen on implementing the diverse content formats to keep things fresh and engaging for my subscribers. Time to get creative and build stronger connections!
  13. @seldon-t3d: The emphasis on consistent value and diverse content formats is a game-changer. This video gave me the inspiration I needed to revamp my newsletter and truly connect with my audience!
  14. @parriss-e1h: The focus on audience needs and consistent value is spot-on! Time to brainstorm fresh, engaging content that truly resonates with my subscribers and fosters stronger relationships.
  15. @verges-o5w: Great video! I'm going to prioritize providing hyper-valuable content and building stronger relationships with my subscribers through consistent, diverse formats. This has given me a lot to think about!
  16. @saska-u1y: Focusing on providing consistent value and building trust is key, but don't forget to analyze your metrics and adapt your strategy based on what your audience truly responds to. It's a marathon, not a sprint, so experiment and refine over time to create a newsletter your readers can't wait to receive.
  17. @Kristyn-o2y: Excellent breakdown of how to create genuinely valuable newsletters – focusing on subscriber needs and consistent quality is a game-changer. Definitely rethinking my engagement strategy to incorporate more diverse content formats!
  18. @benjimen-e8d: Really appreciate the focus on providing value and building trust – that's what resonates with subscribers in the long run. Makes me want to rethink my current newsletter strategy!
  19. @MarshaAlthoff: Great tips! Focusing on providing real value and consistent content seems like the key to building a loyal audience through newsletters. Definitely going to implement some of these strategies.
  20. @ManaMinot: This video really breaks down the key elements of a successful newsletter. I'm particularly interested in experimenting with different content formats to keep my subscribers engaged long-term.

- FREE Copywriting Course For Beginners 2023 (Full Guide ) Part 6 | Using Hooks to Keep Customers: Kind: captions Language: en all right so in this video I'll teach you how to use Hooks and maybe more importantly how to not use them uh because they can also get you in trouble so um the point behind uh hooks is to keep it interesting you want once you have their attention you need to keep their interest and um engage them for a bit longer so the first tip I have for you is to not give away the secret yet uh what people tend to start with is the solution I generally um see by measuring the performance of different um articles email campaigns and so on that as soon as you give them the solution uh people get uh very disinterested actually so what you want to do in the next step with your hook is to give them Clues and actually make a promise uh so that they um will be um more interested now once that they have a clue about what's going on and they are interested you can keep them for longer and of course if you make a promise uh that uh if they keep reading it will be worth their time this will uh get them more engaged so the idea in the hook is to engage them with something that's unusual counterintuitive or fresh and um ideally something that they do not know that would be uh a great hook that would um keep them interested we can also use surprises uh challenges uh you know something like um do you know what are the best ways to um to figure out your your next move um and also uh great uh way is to present them with something new if you can um it's a great idea when using when creating Your Hooks to catch them off guard and use something that's really emotional or exclamatory that would provoke a strong emotion and it would get them to either agree strongly or disagree strongly uh and keep reading and so uh then of course uh you can also use the promise of a benefit or a solution so now I will show you two examples one where we got it wrong and one where we got it right so that you can see the difference so the first one is actually um our article on the 10 golden rules of sales you can see that even though this article I think is very useful um what we can see from measuring the impact of the article uh and this is something that we're going to discuss later on in the uh content marketing course the hook that we are using here is a bit boring and so you know we start with the art of selling is an alltime subject of interest and everyone keeps searching for KN how and strategies on how to become better at it and you know people maybe will agree with that but the big problem that we see with this article is that we give them kind of the solution we tell them what are the uh 10 golden rules of sales right here and so um people can take a look at them and see huh maybe I know this one maybe I don't and where we can see in the analytics that we lose people's engagements uh is here maybe they agree or disagree and so because they have the solution here they don't have uh a good reason to uh go down and see what's going on right so this is an example where the hook is actually playing a bad role and it's not a good hook it's not a good hook because we are giving away the solution and I've seen this happen over and over again so that's why I'm showing it to you uh also uh the top 10 golden rules of sales sounds uh a bit General so we can definitely uh think of ways to uh improve this article which is another thing that we are going to learn about in the content marketing course now I'll show you the next article which is much more successful and um also much more um useful so here you can see first of all that the headline starts with something that's much more actionable scaling your business with social media marketing uh 13x return on ads Spen so that's something that would interest most marketers because uh most of them do not get to the 13x uh return on npan so this is some uh this is a case study of the incredible result and so you can see that's a hook stepbystep case study now you you grab their attention uh with something that's very interesting and then you tell them hey this is a case study this is how we did it and here uh with the hook we are actually using an image and this image presents uh you know the directly the result of the campaign so now people want to know well these guys spent $100,000 and made nearly a million and a half out of it how did they do it and then that's how a a hook should work once you you can see all right I can see the data I can see the result I can see what's going on here and they have incredible results so let's see how they are um uh doing it and then you can see you know you're going to go through the planning and strategy initial setup and you are interested to keep reading until you figure it out and we can see from the analytics that this article got much better results a lot more engagement and um a lot more traffic as well and that's because of the hook because uh we can see that people keep reading uh the entire thing because they get interested from the very beginning all right so that's it for Hooks and in the next video I'll show you how to use the main body copy to entice desire and to get people ready to buy

- Easy Email Copywriting Tutorial (Step By Step): Kind: captions Language: en email copywriting is a great way to make thousands of dollars every month from almost anywhere in the world in this video i'm going to walk you through a super easy email copywriting tutorial that will help you get to the point of writing better emails for your clients easy enough that i think that if you follow it step by step to probably be a pretty great chance you're left with some decent emails at the end of it so you might want to bookmark this video and refer back to it later because i'm going to be going through this email copywriting process step by step for you all right so the first step for writing amazing sales emails is called discovery and information gathering this is actually one of the most important steps when it comes to writing fantastic sales emails probably even more important than writing the emails themselves believe it or not it's true in order to write sales emails that are going to truly wow your clients help your clients achieve the goals that they're hiring you for and ultimately help you make a lot of money as an email copywriter you need to make sure that you're completing this step with a lot of care and attention so the basis of this step is you're going to want to collect as much information as possible on your client their clients what their goals are with this email how they plan on having you help them achieve their goals anything they want you to make sure that you're including in these emails you're writing for them you need to collect as much information as possible so when writing sales emails here are a couple of goals that i typically find a lot of my clients are looking for and by understanding what some of these common goals are it'll help you figure out the types of questions you should be asking to gather more information about the project so the first goal that your clients might have for this email is probably going to be something like wanting to book a meeting with a potential client another goal that they might have with your email is to actually sell a product directly through the email and another goal i find that's pretty common when people hire me to write sales emails for them is they want the email to elicit some sort of a free trial sign up on their website so what i like to do when i get a client that's interested in hiring me to write a sales email for them is i'll send them a requirements gathering questionnaire with a bunch of predefined questions that i've thought of that i feel would help give me a lot a lot or all of the information i need to be able to confidently write these emails for them and for most of my business that goes through fiverr you can actually set these questions to be mandatory that someone needs to fill out every time they place an order with you now i'm just going to read through and show you a list of these types of questions that i use on the screen here you can choose to use some of these you can use all of these or none of them for your copywriting business but these should give you a good idea of the types of questions i'm asking so you can figure out the types of questions you should be asking what does your company do what is your value proposition how do you currently sell your product do you have many repeat or loyal customers do you have competition what does your competition do better than you who is your target audience what's the number one reason why people buy your product choose not to buy your product how much does your product cost how much do your closest competitors cost how did your company originally start does your company have core values if so what are they do you have any past email campaigns that you've used that you can share that did not yield the best results what's your goal with the emails i'll be writing so that's a pretty big list of requirements gathering questions that you can use for inspiration for your orders but basically pick the questions or create questions that you feel will give you the information you need to be confident that you can start writing a project with a high level of confidence that you're going to deliver something great all right step two in writing great sales emails is writing great subject lines naturally subject lines are an incredibly important part of writing a solid sales email because they're what entices people to click when an email hits their inbox for the first time so when writing a sales email i always make writing a strong subject line a top priority for me so to keep things as easy as possible for you i'm gonna list three simple rules you should make sure to follow when writing an awesome subject line the first is to avoid anything that sounds like it might be spam all caps look spammy bunch of exclamation points looks pretty spammy too language that uses a bunch of emojis things that say free or buy now in big letters also pretty spammy i would avoid any of those types of things the second rule for writing awesome subject lines is to keep it short i usually aim for eight or nine words that works really well for me and the third rule is to try to make the subject line a question questions and subject lines i feel are pretty awesome i feel like they elicit this curiosity that people who see the question kind of want to open the email to see what it's related to and also i feel like people are pretty compelled to respond to questions so they might click through the email you know with the intention of responding to it which is a great thing alright so step three in this tutorial for writing great sales emails is writing really killer email bodies now of all the parts of your sales emails this is the part where the money is made the body this is where you typically hook the reader in keep them engaged until they get to your call to action to do whatever it is you want them to do after reading the email when it comes to this part of the tutorial as well i'm going to try to keep things as simple as possible breaking down a solid email body into three bite-sized chunks the first is the opening line or the hook the second part is the pitch or where you'll be including most of the email information third part is your call to action and your close starting with your starting line or your hook i find it usually works really really well if you have it relate to the question you used in the email subject line you could either make it a statement that's related to the question that was in the subject line or just re-ask the question that you originally asked in that subject line in a little bit of a different way like expand on it or something like that the next part of your email body is that part where i said you'd be including your pitch or most of the information now this is the part where you want to tie the value proposition to something that the person reading this email is likely to care about now if you remember back to the first step of this tutorial where i listed all of those requirements gathering questions writing this part of your email is where those answers will come in handy in a lot of cases if you asked your client to provide you with their value proposition and your requirements that'll slot in here really nicely one thing you always want to make sure though is when you're writing in a value proposition in the body of an email try to think about the target prospects the people that this email is targeting and adapt the value proposition to fit well with what they might be looking for all right so the last part of your email body is the closing lines or your call to action this part of the email is where you're going to actually ask the reader to do something either responding to the email agreeing to a meeting or actually purchasing something through a link or through the email itself again to keep things super simple for you in this tutorial here's a call to action or closing line that you can adapt to your own sales emails i call it an if then statement the if relates to the pitch section just before this part of the email body if that section resonated well with their business or if that section solved a problem they're currently experiencing with their business then they should take action or then they should book a call then they should respond to get more information from you do you see how easy that was obviously you're gonna fill in the blanks with information that you listed in that pitch like if that relates to how you're currently experiencing problems in your business then we should set up a call to discuss further that would be a call to action you fill in the blanks based on what you've actually included in that email based on your your the client you're working for or the product or service now obviously just a little disclaimer when you're doing this with your own emails don't just mindlessly regurgitate and copy what i'm telling you in this video this video is the framework that you can use to adapt to the different emails you're writing it's a pretty basic framework but it's one that should have a pretty decent success rate for you and as you get better you can adapt it and tweak it based on your comfort level and how your skills improve as a copywriter as you start taking on a lot more projects so that's it for this tutorial super easy i tried to break it down in some really easy to follow steps that you can watch rinse and repeat to help you get really good at writing sales emails for people so let me know in the comments what you think was this helpful if you have any questions i'd be happy to answer them and until next time happy writing take care everyone cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulmaking1980 [10 likes]: What a great email copywriting tutorial, probably the best on YouTube, by watching this, you are ready writing for clients and make good money 💰😎
  2. @MikeNardiTV [8 likes]: Get my email copywriting book today! https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0CJSVCRN9/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?ie=UTF8&qid=1696165552&sr=8-1
  3. @I.A-7-10 [2 likes]: Its concise and effective short course , amazing
  4. @Samb_olu [2 likes]: This is timely, short and detailed for real❤
  5. @Flextech59 [1 likes]: Great video so much helpful
  6. @ReginaCrownjiji [1 likes]: This is really helpful... You are my mentor
  7. @frankierants [1 likes]: being a novice you made it much more simple than I thought
  8. @khadijatadeleye8471: Thank you very much watched 20/04/26.
  9. @esther_writes001: Before I came across this video, I've been going from one youtube video to another. But this really stands out, exactly what I needed. Thank You!
  10. @nawalkhan-c7e: Thank you sir, you are a good teacher. I have watched many of your videos. But if I follow all of them, who will check my practice work? If I send you my practice work in the mail to check it, will you have any objection? I am in dire need of a job. My father is ill.
  11. @AuraGraphics105: Chatgpt brought me here 😅
  12. @1.1xcalvinn: Great video…I would like to know if i can do email marketing with my iPhone?
  13. @JawadLearner: That kind of vedio I need ❤
  14. @jessyo4983: I learnt alot❤❤❤
  15. @jessyo4983: Thank you
  16. @AkshithaPOV: Can I follow these steps as I'm from India does this work from india too?
  17. @Wenbels: Is it US that should call them or is it the Business job to handle it?
  18. @anointingajimoko5668: Thank you so much.
  19. @joshbmagic: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:13 🌐 Email copywriting can generate substantial income monthly, accessible from anywhere.
00:28 📚 Discovery and information gathering is crucial for successful sales emails.
01:10 🔍 Understanding client goals helps tailor effective sales emails.
02:05 ☑️ Typical client goals include booking meetings, selling products, or securing trial sign-ups.
02:31 📋 Use a requirements questionnaire to gather essential project details.
03:15 🧐 Important questions include company details, value proposition, target audience, and competition.
04:25 🥇 Writing strong subject lines is key to engaging recipients.
05:06 🚫 Avoid spammy language, keep it short, and use questions in subject lines.
05:56 💰 The email body is crucial; it captures reader interest and directs action.
06:23 🎯 Break down email body into the hook, pitch, and call to action.
07:18 🔗 Tailor the value proposition to the target audience in the pitch.
08:14 📞 Use "if then" statements for strong calls to action.
09:08 🎨 Customize the copywriting framework for better results as you gain experience.
10:00 🔄 Rinse and repeat the process to improve skills in writing effective sales emails.

Made with HARPA AI
  20. @SonnyKiak: How can I get started using Email coppywriting?

- Clickbait is Unreasonably Effective: Kind: captions Language: en - Can I tell you something I'm bad at? I am terrible at making clickbait. Up until two years ago, my most popular video was about a basketball being dropped from a dam with a bit of backspin. It takes off like a rocket and shoots out way further than you'd expect. This video was embedded on literally hundreds of news websites. And in its first week, it got 16.3 million views, but almost none of those views came on the YouTube platform. Why? Because I gave it this thumbnail and I called it "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect." This video is sponsored by KiwiCo. More about them at the end of the show. Now, I believe within YouTube, I'm used as an example of how not to package your video. As if to demonstrate just how bad a title and thumbnail this is, someone else re-uploaded the video with the clever title, "Basketball Dropped From Dam." And within a few weeks, that video had received tens of millions of views on YouTube. This is when YouTube gave me access to ContentID. That's the system that allows you to earn revenue when someone else re-uploads your videos, which was good, but I still wasn't very good at clickbait. So for this video, I called in an expert. I wanted to see your reaction face. Can you give me like a reaction face? Like what's a good thumbnail face? - Oh, I got you. This is a thumbnail face. (Derek laughs) I have like 10, I go through the motions of like... And then we just take the best one, I probably have like 500 of these just saved and we can just Photoshop my face on my face. That way, I don't have to do it anymore. - When I started on this platform, some 10 years ago, clickbait was less important. Subscribers were what mattered, because most of the views came from the sub feed. And videos went viral usually by getting a lot of attention elsewhere, like on Reddit or Facebook, not due to the YouTube algorithm. But once you had a big video and people subscribed, well, then your next video would likely get a lot of views from those subscribers. So YouTube would take that popular video and share it with more people. And so you'd get more subscribers in a positive feedback loop. But soon, YouTube realized that this did not create the best experience for the viewer. They discovered that showing people only videos from channels they were subscribed to led to fewer clicks, less watch time and less engagement with the site as a whole. Plus, they knew that relying on other platforms to drive traffic to viral hits was risky, since those other platforms might disable the traffic at any time. So they needed to make YouTube a destination in itself. They wanted people to come to YouTube, see videos that interested them, click on at least one of them and watch it for a while. Ideally get sucked down the YouTube rabbit hole and spend hours on the site without even noticing it. The ultimate resource is people's time and attention, and every platform is trying to capture as much of it as possible. So, to make YouTube this go-to destination, they had decrease the importance of subscribers, make it less like a podcast app where you only get the shows you're subscribed to, and more like Reddit, where stuff with the most engagement rises to the top. But that necessarily meant increasing the importance of clickbait. Now, there seems to be a paradox when it comes to clickbait. People almost universally claim to hate it, but you also see it everywhere. So why is this? Well, one of the problems is we don't all agree on the definition of clickbait. When I google it, the top definition is, on the internet, content whose main purpose is to attract attention and encourage visitors to click on a link to a particular webpage. We could call this type I clickbait, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it. I mean, if you didn't try to attract attention and get people to click on your links, then you wouldn't really be doing your job. But there is a second definition. One that I think more people ascribe to, which is something such as a headline designed to make readers want to click on a hyperlink, especially when the link leads to content of dubious value or interest. Wikipedia says, "A defining characteristic of clickbait is that it is sensationalized or misleading." And it also talks about teasers that intentionally withhold information to exploit the "curiosity gap." They give you enough information to make you curious, but not enough to satisfy that curiosity. Here are two actual titles from a news website. Nine out of 10 Americans are completely wrong about this mind blowing fact. And someone gave some kids some scissors. Here's what happened next. I think we can all agree that these are examples of bad type II clickbait. Now, imagine a clickbait space where on one axis, you have how misleading or sensationalized it is. And on the other, how much information is intentionally withheld to create a curiosity gap. Well, then these two titles fall in the top right corner. And these are the zones of type II clickbait. At the other extreme, you have things that are so unsensationalized as to be dull. You could call this the dead zone. Now, here is where you would find "Strange applications of the Magnus Effect." I mean, I didn't tell you what the applications were. Now, in the middle is where you would find type I clickbait. But honestly, I think type I and type II clickbait are so different, that we shouldn't even use the same word for them. Instead of type I clickbait, my friend and YouTuber, Brady Heron suggested legitbait. I mean, it might sound enticing, but it is legit. Instead of type II clickbait, we could use clicktrap, clicktrick, linktrap or dupechute. What's important to recognize is that for any given video, there is no one true title and thumbnail. Each video could have hundreds or thousands of different legitbait titles. For example, how does a zero-G plane work? I went on a plane that does parabolic trajectories. What happens to fire on a zero-G plane? Now, the most enticing titles and thumbnails are found close to type II clickbait. I'm reminded of the infographic by smarter every day, showing that on social media, the greatest engagement occurs close to the boundary of what's allowable. But remember that everyone's definition of clickbait is different, and everyone's perceptions of words and images are different. So these are not clear boundaries. They're actually kind of fuzzy. What for one person might be legitbait, for someone else, could be a clicktrap. What's clear is that on a site where click-through rate is important, clickbait of all types is inevitable. How important to a video's success is the title and thumbnail? - Very important. Of course. If they don't click on the video, they don't watch it. You can't get 10 million views unless 10 million people click on the video. So, I mean, it's literally that simple. They don't click on it, - So, why is clickbait everywhere? Well, because it works. More enticing thumbnails get more clicks. Despite some people's claims that they won't click or they'll unsub, it's just like evolution. Whatever survives, multiplies and traits become amplified. If you don't begrudge the giraffe its long neck so it can reach the highest leaves, can you begrudge a YouTuber the red arrow that allows them to reach further audiences? I talked about this in my video two years ago. To be successful as a YouTuber, you need to optimize two things, watch time and the click-through rate of your videos. That's the number of times the title and thumbnail are clicked, divided by the total number of times they're shown. That's the number of impressions. Now at the time, this was something of a revelation for me because I always thought my job was to make great videos. And then a title and thumbnail that adequately represented what the video was about. But now I've realized that making the title and thumbnail is at least half the job. This is not just because better titles and thumbnails get you more clicks, but because better titles and thumbnails will get you way more impressions. YouTube has limited real estate with which to show you virtually infinite content. And so it's not enough to make a good video even if people watch all of it, you also have to make a title and thumbnail that gets clicked, especially in competition with other really good titles and thumbnails. That's the only way you can expect YouTube to give you more impressions. Now, the big development since my last video on this is YouTube introduced real-time metrics like views, impressions and click-through rate. Now, I suggested this would create an arms race. So what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate. And this is basically what has happened. Let me give you my favorite example. Last year, I made a video about asteroids, which I thought was really good. I called it "Asteroids: Earth's Biggest Threat," which is something Stephen Hawking said. And people were very positive about the video. They thought it was maybe one of my best, but the performance was well below average. In its first day, asteroids was ranked ninth out of my previous 10 videos. It was probably on target for about one and a half million views. So I tried different titles and thumbnails like, "Asteroid Impact: What Are Our Chances?" Or "Asteroid Impact: What Could We Do?" But none of these changes got much traction. And then on day three after launch, I changed the title and thumbnail to "These Are the Asteroids to Worry About." And immediately the video started doing better. It quickly shot up from almost my worst performing video to my best. It now has 14 million views. Nothing about the video changed, just that one image and 38 characters. But because of that, the video has reached nearly 10 times as many people as it otherwise would have. And the title and thumbnail accurately describe what the video is about. I mean, sure, there's a curiosity gap, but you couldn't explain the whole concept in the length of the title. So if you see a YouTuber changing titles and thumbnails, this is why. Because that effort can be rewarded many times over. I've seen people objecting to this practice because they think the creator is trying to dupe their audience, get them to click on the same video more than once, but that's not it. The whole point is to get YouTube to show the title and thumbnail to more people. We're trying to increase the number of impressions, which is heavily dependent on the click-through rate. Now, a lot of my recent videos have this typical view curve. There's an initial spike after I release the video and then a dip, and then a second bump after I have figured out a better title and thumbnail. I change the title and thumbnail and I watch the real time view graph. What I'm looking for is a noticeable bump in views. Sometimes there's no change, sometimes it gets worse, but on occasions, when you see something like this, well then, you know you've found a winner. This is something all the big YouTubers are doing. Not even Mr. Beast knows exactly which thumbnail will work best beforehand. Have you ever changed and then the video did better? - Oh, of course. So everybody, I usually make like two or three thumbnails, and then if it's not doing as well as I want, we usually just swap 'em out and see if it does better. 'cause the thing is like, you don't really know. I mean, you could know if you just were an almighty being that could just predict what people would be interested in, but you know, usually... Like, you can do hide and seek. You don't really know if like you hiding in a tree and then someone walking below you is a good thumbnail. Or if you hiding a trash can and them walking in front of you. So, you know, just do both and then see which one interests people a little bit more. - I feel the same way, but I do feel like you have a better sense of this than like most people. - Of course. I mean, no one gets 40 million views a video. (both laughing) - But what is the point in getting more views? If you're cynical, you might say it's all about money and fame. And while there are certainly financial incentives to getting more views, that's not why I do it. As an educational YouTuber, I think there are two very good reasons for using excellent type I clickbait over more straightforward packaging. To understand the first reason, let's consider two different possible titles for my most recent video. I called it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," but it's a video about the Collatz conjecture. So perhaps a more straightforward title would have been simply to call it that. The problem is, if I publish a video called the Collatz conjecture, the most likely people to click on it are those who already know what the Collatz conjecture is. And the vast majority of people will never have heard of it. So for them, the title is meaningless and only the very curious or those who really like Veritasium would click. In contrast, calling it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," conveys more information about the video to everyone. And this means more people can click on it, most of whom will never have heard of the Collatz conjecture. So I get to teach them something new. And since the video has a higher click-through rate, YouTube shows it to even more people. So if my aim is to increase the level of knowledge in the world by the maximum amount possible, this is the way to do it. The second reason we need to optimize titles and thumbnails is to support the major goal of this channel. We are trying to make the best science films on every topic we tackle. That means traveling to meet experts in film experiments, hiring people to build props, make spectacular animations, research and fact check. We hire expert consultants to double and triple check our work. I don't wanna make vlogs. I wanna make science documentaries on YouTube that put broadcast to shame. And to make this possible and sustainable, the videos have to get views and lots of them. And to do that, we have to make the best titles and thumbnails we can. YouTuber and Patreon CEO, Jack Conte has talked about adjusting your packaging. The idea is know what you're passionate about, what you won't compromise on and that stuff goes in the box. All the rest, like what paper it's wrapped in, that's the packaging. So the video is my focus and the title and thumbnail are the packaging that I'm happy to adjust, so I can make the type of videos that are important to me. Now, is it ironic that a channel whose whole purpose is to promote a true seeking mindset has to experiment at the edge of what is truthful in order to fulfill that purpose? It is something that I often worry about. You know, when I did like risking my life to do X, it's like, well, what probability of death does there have to be for you to risk your life? Like 50%? - I love how he always overthinks things. (laughs) That's funny. He's like, is my life risked enough where I can put I risked my life? I only had a 9% chance of dying and I need at least a 13% chance. You're so funny. He was the same way two years ago when he asked me all this stuff. I was like, "Dude, just do whatever makes the most sense. - Yeah, I mean, obviously I feel like my instincts are not good. But what I realized is that I don't have to trust my instincts. This problem of getting the best title and thumbnail, well, it's a scientific problem. We're just asking which accurate representation of the video will get the most clicks from a general audience. And that's a problem we can use the scientific method to solve. So I've hired a couple of really bright people and we spend a lot of time brainstorming and making titles and thumbnails and testing them out. For example, on Twitter and Patreon. Varitasium titles and thumbnails have gotten better, not because I'm better at it, but because of my team and our testing. If you have ideas about how we could do it better, please get in touch. The results have often contradicted what I expected. I mean, this video seemed to perform 10% better when we excluded the word surprising from the title. So it became simply The Secret of Synchronization. I thought these two titles were basically a toss up, but Patreon had a strong preference for one over the other. What's interesting about this research is that the more clickable often better represent the content of the video. Let me give you some examples. One thing I didn't expect when YouTube brought in the real time analytics tools and allowed title and thumbnail changes to affect impressions, was that it would also work for older videos. So here is an old video that I originally entitled, "Why the Neutron is the Hero of Nuclear Physics." In hindsight, it's a weird, kinda meaningless title. So I changed it to, "Why Einstein Thought Nuclear Weapons Impossible." It's clearer, more accurate. And this is what happened to views after the change. I changed "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect" to "Backspin Basketball Flies Off Dam." Again, more accurate. And the video is now being watched on YouTube. Probably 10 million more views than it otherwise would have had. Even anti-clickbait has proven effective. Here's a video I originally titled, "Are Negative Ions Good For You?" Which is a question nobody asked ever. Now, I changed it to, "Do Salt Lamps Work?" Seriously. And here's the result: One and a half million more views. I think looking at these examples, you could easily make the case that YouTube has made me better at what I do. It has improved the clarity and accuracy of my titles and thumbnails. It's helped me figure out what is interesting to my audience and how to encapsulate that in a single image and fewer than 50 characters. For those of you who worry that a focus on titles and thumbnails will prevent me from picking challenging science topics, well, I simply ask you to look at the videos from the last year or two, like the ones on Gödel's incompleteness theorem, general relativity, Penrose tilings, the logistic map, Newton's method of calculating Pi, the one way speed of light. Good titles and thumbnails make it possible to tackle these topics and to reach more people who have heard of them before. There is a symbiotic relationship between views and video quality. The more views we get, the more people, locations, props and equipment and research we can invest in. This makes the next video better than the last. If we can be good at titles and thumbnails, the ultimate outcome is better videos. That is something I think you and I both want. Hey, this video is sponsored by KiwiCo, a long time supporter of the channel. Now KiwiCo makes awesome hands on projects for kids, including big kids like me. They have eight subscription lines targeted at different age groups, all the way down to newborns. What I love about KiwiCo crates is that they make learning fun and something to look forward to. I mean, when I pull out a crate, my kids just jump at the chance to make it with me. And all the materials you need come right in the box. So there's no need to run to the store. You just open it up and go. My kids and I just built this domino machine, which, who knows, might be inspiration for a viral video. Now, the big idea is that while playing and having fun, kids learn about STEAM concepts. That is science, technology, engineering, art and math. And in addition to the project, there's a magazine with a lot of additional information. So I think this is the best way to learn. By doing something yourself and having fun, it's how education should be. So if you wanna try it out, go to Kiwico.com/veritasium50, and you'll get 50% off your first month of any crate. I will put that link down in the description. So I wanna thank KiwiCo for sponsoring Veritasium, and I wanna thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @YahwehSonandHolySpiritLovesYou [2 likes]: makes a lot of sense given that all of your videos are Clickbait recently because of your private equity thing
  2. @Mixa_Lv [2 likes]: I didn't remember you making this video, but coming back to it from the current date, I feel like you have now crossed the line between type 1 and type 2 clickbait, and not by a small margin.

I recently started to use a video title replacer, mainly because of you and a few other channels. I like your content, but I've grown increasingly annoyed by the aggressive AB-testing for your titles and thumbnails. Often they are wildly different from each other, so much so that when I come across one later, I have to seriously wonder if I have seen that video already. When I can't even recognize if it's talking about the same topic, they can't be that descriptive at all.

It will also be a pain in the ass to search for videos in the future. Someone can be like "Hmm, I remember that Veritasium did a good video about the Goldbach conjecture, I should watch that again", but they have to search for a video called "The Obviously True Theorem No One Can Prove". Or the history of Alfred Nobel, aka "The Man Who Fooled The World".
  3. @BiG_Brain13 [1 likes]: yeah, like your content.
  4. @AudioPhile [1 likes]: Yeah, it gets an unlike and a don't recommend from me. Apparently it's sustainable though.

Can't even report bots for being bots. And if you have free YT the ads now have a pop up after the ad fir the ad 😂😂 Like I'm going to click it. All it does is piss the userbase off.
  5. @AsapBiology [1 likes]: 2026?
  6. @5UND3R [1 likes]: It feels odd to be giving YouTube's predatory algorithm so much benefit for being pro user and artist. It's pro YouTube shareholders first and foremost, and everyone feels that. Their algo demanding you maximize the CRO of your thumbnail to get the most clicks isnt a result of a highly effective algo, its the sign of a lacking algo thats sole goal is maximizing output internally at the maximum amount of pain for users. It's all very interesting, but I think the tone could be different.
  7. @2kab157 [1 likes]: YouTube algorithm strikes again with an old BANGER🔥
  8. @senu903 [1 likes]: Can you suggest me some other utube channels that give your vibe and educational content
  9. @dustbustr91: this only matters if you think youtube is a real job….
  10. @exigentpost2023: Thank you for your indepth analysis with your ladder on thumbnails
  11. @TFP_The_Formula_Perspectives: Terrible at clickbait????
Sounds like Ronald says he's not a good footballer
  12. @JoacoruMc: 2:23, asshole hahaha
  13. @Dotter-Family: Gotta appreciate Veritasium helping out small creators like that.
  14. @CarangasBrasileiras: amazing
  15. @CoyoteMan717: 2:49 Well, a black hole bends space time in it’s proximity so your baseline time (or non accelerating) will be longer making you appear younger to everyone on earth, so more time passes by when you’re not on YouTube then when you are, therefore I have a theory that entertainment bends space time and that’s why “time flies when you’re having fun”
  16. @vanhove14: ❤
  17. @Ake_UEFN: 👏
  18. @D0DW3LL: thought this was a recent vid. 4 years ago?? how fitting
  19. @senu903: Why are u on a ladder
  20. @jordanalia4595: Ofc it is.
Rhats why people hate it

- Lady slaps me after getting national record (Clickbait): Kind: captions Language: en you're gonna have five Flip Flip Flip Flip it over please yes oh my God no it's an hour though I've been wanting this for like five years oh my God

  Top Comments:
  1. @SoupTimmy [2400 likes]: That guy at the end with the wig 😂Congrats🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  2. @Otherarebetter [1 likes]: World record for something completely useless.
  3. @-Ajel [1 likes]: Degeneracy skyrocketed last couple of years
  4. @donnybrascocoliogne819 [1 likes]: 😂 You know the difference between a SLAP and PUSH? 😂
  5. @Ganglyai: i didnt even read the ned of the title im a dumbass
  6. @TiagoRolim-d9k: World before this 🌍
World after this 🌍
  7. @wad5459: I was expecting it to be a high five
  8. @Ronald5M: Jesus loves u God bless u spread the gospel Romans 5:8 John 3:6-36 amen!
  9. @Itsweeizz: Yep,we were all waiting for a slap in his face,but he slapt all of us instead.
  10. @sdavis7916: That's a slap?
  11. @fishblade2: What puzzle is that
  12. @tematoscybersage5626: she happy for him or jealous?)
i can't understand, I am more inclined to second:)
  13. @realretrorelapse: I would've been annoyed if you didn't warn me about the clickbait lol
  14. @EngineTheRobot: to those without the return dislike browser extension, the dislike counter is at 18K
  15. @Peacoatorg: The 7simul practice really paid off, can't wait for that video tutorial on the method.
  16. @RandomDude_mi6: when exactly she slaps you? downvote
  17. @justcallmeavi3255: CLICK BAIT!!!
  18. @rodsirloin: I watched this specifically to see the slap. Click bait should be punishable with life in prison
  19. @sageperkins8323: If you call that getting slapped then you're a snowflake
  20. @bigedslobotomy: The reason so many videos have clickbait titles is that YouTube strongly encourages it by pushing provocative titles to the front of the feed. (I have seen video creators apologize for the title, but say that they had to do it so it would get viewed.)

- The Art of YouTube Clickbait: Kind: captions Language: en of all the aspects of youtube the one that has to be the least talked about has to be the titles but thumbnails are pretty close too this is for a reason obviously the videos themselves are the most important part hours upon hours of work are put into each and every one so the thumbnail often just comes across as a second thought just slap some video assets in or grab an image off of google and but a boom you have a finished thumbnail but then there are the people that are the exact opposite it sometimes seems like people put more effort into making the thumbnail look polished than the actual video and those are the kinds of things i'll be talking about today cause in this video i'm gonna explore the art of youtube clickbait [Music] while the term clickbait was coined in 2006 referring to misleading blog posts and online articles of the time the act of misleading your audience originated much earlier on yellow journalism is the term used for the act of using eye-catching headlines for articles that have little to no legitimate research sounds familiar right and while the idea remains prevalent the execution and extent to which clickbait can be effective has only increased especially with youtube ever since 2013 the ability to create custom thumbnails was available to the public and you could see a clear and distinct change in how thumbnails were used by looking at an older channel and seeing how their thumbnails evolve over time when i think of old school youtube i think of smosh and looking at their older thumbnails you could see that once they were available the main thing they used seemed to be a colored background with something in the foreground but the more successful videos seem to be the ones that use sex appeal basically by having a woman show some cleavage in the thumbnail the video would magically seem to do better even though there was nothing of the sort in the actual videos themselves comparing these to thumbnails today you could clearly see that respectable channels try to at least show something relating to the video even if the video doesn't actually play out like the thumbnail might suggest but clickbait thumbnails have actually been around longer than customizable thumbnails ever since youtube was founded thumbnails worked by selecting one of three images from your video and you just have to hope that one of those three looks good enough to click on but by adding a pre-existing image directly into the video it becomes possible to have that image as the thumbnail fun fact there are a lot of youtube videos out there and there are even more popping up each and every day with this new increase in competition it only makes sense to do whatever you can to make sure people will want to watch what you make over anyone else the thumbnail is your first introduction to a video or channel and a lot of the time it's your only introduction so to get this out of the way what exactly counts as clickbait the dictionary definition is pretty terrible since getting attention and views is the entire goal of youtube regardless of clickbait so for this video i'll be using my own definition which would be a thumbnail featuring something that isn't in the video or is clearly exaggerated with the purpose of making it seem like it's what the video actually is some non-examples would be custom artwork or a collage of video assets as you can clearly see that these thumbnails aren't trying to show you what's in the actual video but rather what the video is about that's probably one of the most interesting things about thumbnails you only have a 1280x720 pixel size to encapsulate the message or meaning of your entire video and you have to make every single one of those pixels count i like this one the level of clickbait found in videos is on a spectrum on one end you're nowhere near clickbait in fact thumbnails here are usually too boring to even be worth clicking on and on the other hand you get something straight up misleading which results in the audience feeling that they were lied to getting people to watch a singular video is pretty easy a decent idea and some good luck is really all you'll need for that but turning those short term views into longer term success takes a whole other set of skills when it comes to clickbait there's a fine line between an interesting thumbnail and a flat out lie i think that this thumbnail by mr beast walks that line as closely as possible while the title is technically telling the truth albeit a little hyperbolized the plane crashed in the woods and not the ocean like the thumbnail suggests and the video itself is mostly just jimmy and the boys hanging out in the woods whether it's clickbait or not is still up for debate since he did actually crash a plane in the video but either way we all have to agree that it's at very least a compelling thumbnail something to keep in mind is that a pleasing image doesn't automatically equate to a good thumbnail this video essay i made a few months ago didn't do as well as any of the videos around it there are plenty of potential reasons for that but a plausible one is that the thumbnail didn't look appealing enough to click on so how do you make your thumbnail stand out without straight up lying well here are a few things you can do a lot of channels have their face with a shocked expression on the side of the screen and while that works for recognizability and branding this can only work if people already know what you look like so if you're an up-and-coming youtuber there's not really a reason to add your face to a thumbnail since it's a waste of space using a facial expression for branding could also get pretty annoying i'm not sure if it's just me but the mr beast gaming and react thumbnails reusing the exact same two or three pictures just doesn't look very good saturating the colors can also make your thumbnail stand out a lot of channels do this but by having more visible colors you can have a thumbnail attract more attention one more thing i'll suggest is to always use something a viewer could recognize in your thumbnail if you're talking about a video game use the most popular character from that game there's an interesting discrepancy i found with clickbait as a topic when people critique someone's content a lot of people point to a youtuber click baiting as if it were something damning but here's the thing those same people criticizing others for click baiting are doing it themselves and the answer to why is pretty simple it works clickbait as a whole isn't necessarily a bad thing either in the modern landscape of youtube it's not uncommon for a thumbnail to have a more interesting recreation of what's actually in the video go to almost any youtuber and you'll see exactly what i mean the thumbnails are usually designed from the ground up to ensure our video will be successful whether that means implementing red arrows or doing a face like this on the side of the screen speaking of red arrows there's a pretty simple reason as to why a lot of people would choose to use them obviously the click bait red arrow or the red circle are used to point towards something that may not be noticeable but the reason they're used so heavily all comes down to how we respond to the color red red is the color of blood and it's used in all sorts of warnings so we as a society have all come to accept that red is a color we should pay attention to red is also the most vibrant color so of all colors your eyes would be gravitated towards the color red while i seem to be defending the use of clickbait quite a lot in this video there is another more mischievous side of the spectrum some uses of clickbait are so bad that they end up being straight up scummy jstation would do this sort of thing all the time like calling mac miller and xxxtentacion after they both passed and then proceeding to add a red circle and make a funny face but thumbnails aren't the only thing that have clickbait as i said earlier this all started with news articles and without images they were limited to titles there are quite a few ways to make an enticing title you could capitalize the words and add some adjectives but the most interesting method i've seen is to portray a question people tend to click on the video to either get an answer to it or to give an answer of their own sometimes a video can be considered clickbait without that even being intentional for example a lot of people really detested the fact that my 20 minute plants vs zombies retrospective only answers the title question after i go through the full history of the game with the question being answered in the last 30 seconds of the video the same sort of feeling came from my video about voodoo's repetitive mobile games people were going in expecting to see a commentary style video of me tearing apart the company not knowing that i was actually reviewing the games themselves even unintentionally clickbaiting is something hard to get right everyone has a different threshold on what counts as misleading clickbait is something we all just have to live with and it's not going to change anytime soon but i think a youtuber's thumbnail design is something really interesting to see the vast majority of youtubers aren't expert graphic designers so it's interesting to see people's different takes and attempts at solving the same problem as well as seeing the style of their thumbnails i recommend taking a good look at your favorite youtubers thumbnails to see what they do and then there's just critical using a stretched out screenshot from the video

  Top Comments:
  1. @HjjMemes [2 likes]: If the reason i clicked on a video doesn't appear until 2 mins or over. Ima close that video.
  2. @random_mf6918 [1 likes]: Yall ever heard about sushiball? Yep, he makes slander videos with the most crazy and freaky thumbnail in his channel
  3. @WarpandXeno88 [1 likes]: Clickbait is no worse than miracle weight loss products, a knife that can cut through concrete, or a rubber seal that can patch a boat. Is it false advertising? Maybe on some level, but there is big money to be made on the gullibility of the general public.
  4. @AndrewSudiro [1 likes]: First of all, Not only the thumbnails are clickbait (fake), but they're also the lazy YouTubers that have ever existed.

Second, why can't YouTube remove the custom thumbnail system...WAIT WAIT WAIT I TAKE BACK THAT WORD SORRY SORRY SORRY-. If I'm a YouTuber, I use my footage to make it real instead of a custom thumbnail.

Third, you can tell that the thumbnails are fake by looking at it's familiar thumbnails from other YouTubers. I'm talking about stealing thumbnails you nasty. If you have a 100 IQ to know that the thumbnail got stolen from other YouTubers then you're albert einstein.

Fourth, the thumbnails are 80% using his/her expression doesn't cut it. Usually, people like you get annoyed and very bored with those thumbnails. How about just making use of random characters that depend on what you're playing (if you're a gamer) and using text like It's bad, I cooked or WOW.

Fifth and most importantly, do not click the video if you see the thumbnails are like showing corn thumbnails (you know what I mean when I say  "corn" I say "P@#n") that means it's fake. YouTube does not allow any sexual videos but not thumbnails.

IF YOU SAY THAT YOU DON'T GIVE A SHIT THEN YOU'RE A ASSHOLE WHORE
  5. @Its_Web_Of_Wyrd [1 likes]: Art 😂😂😂 you call bs art? Bros that harrassment i wish they ban clickbait and they got all demonitise ..
  6. @VLK-73 [1 likes]: I detest click bait, as it flat pit decieves the viewer by portraying a made up scene/pic, which is NOT part of the video, while pretending that it is.

There should be laws against this.
  7. @symbolofhopebioinfo: Amazing ❤
  8. @Ken22475: Clickbait thumbnails be like…
OMG GUYS I CAN’T BELIEVE WHAT I’VE FOUND AT 3AM!!!!😱➡️⭕️↘️⭕️🦈🦖
  9. @nikerailfanningttm9046: Used thumbnails for a few years, then stopped using them, just got tired of spending a few more seconds to select a image for one. Don’t care for monetization and don’t care for sponsors.
  10. @Lanz_gaB: Clickbait holds a big importance in a video, that its needs to be good, but then theres charlie and his videos
  11. @tybeanie9255: Look at your favourite YouTubers thumbnails 
Me: goes to terrors channel
  12. @Albatross3AM: I hate clickbait youtubers
  13. @ArcLite-s1m: Was not expecting to see T-Series wow
  14. @TalkinBenny: Basicly every youtuber thinks your stupid and has to use hyper effects and thumbnails just to get you to click & watch
  15. @dbptwg: → 𝙃𝙊𝙒 𝙏𝙊 𝘼𝙑𝙊𝙄𝘿 𝘾𝙇𝙄𝘾𝙆𝘽𝘼𝙄𝙏 𝘼𝙉𝘿 𝘼𝘿𝙎 ←

Mobile:
1: Report under video (maybe scrolled off to the right) -> Spam or Misleading -> Report -> Close
2: Phone back button -> Find the video again -> 3 dots -> Don't recommend channel
3: search for 𝙍𝙚𝙑𝙖𝙣𝙘𝙚𝙙 and enable 𝘿𝙚𝘼𝙧𝙧𝙤𝙬

Desktop:
1: 3 dots under video -> Report -> Spam / Misleading -> Misleading text -> Next -> Report
2: Browser back button -> Find the video again -> 3 dots -> Don't recommend channel
3: search for 𝘿𝙚𝘼𝙧𝙧𝙤𝙬
  16. @Shanecoulson20: i swear if i see one more "3 AM" video i'm gonna lose my fucking mind, those are the worst of all shit like "don't call skibidi toilet at 3 am" or "i summoned satan at 3am" i fucking hate those videos.
  17. @100_funsshatta: “ insert celeb name with the terms Finished, it’s over, finally done, and finally over”
  18. @user-eh4kh3ye5o: D14k s24king face + red arrow = million views
  19. @AltoonaYourPiano: I see "clickbait" and "clickable" as different but superficially similar. Clickbait is stuff like the open mouth thumbnails with the arrows and gaudy text and maybe including good looking women that don't feature into the video and paired with extreme titles like "I almost died and went to jail (not clickbait)" whereas clickable is a nice "action shot" from the video itself or maybe a custom creation that appeals to the viewer's sense of aesthetic or sums up the video. Like a thumbnail showing a landscape experiencing all four seasons at once for a one year time lapse or custom text that fits the theme of the video. I think a little sensationalism is okay as long as it stays grounded in reality. To me "clickable" is like putting a picture of yourself in a tux, hair combed in an old-school part, in ideal lighting as a profile picture, whereas "clickbait" is like catfishing. If I see clickbait, it's saying to me "if you click, expect to be disappointed". Of course, the line between what's clickbait and what's clickable varies from person to person.
  20. @GraniteStateVictoria: I've developed an instinctual aversion to clickbait (this video being the lone exception, because it's on-topic) since I've learned I'm going to get low-quality content that panders to the lowest common denominator. If I see a mouth-open thumbnail, "I almost died (not clickbait" or "You won't BELIEVE these five things" type titles, arrows in the thumbnail, it tells me to steer clear of the video. It doesn't help that YouTube nowadays is overrun by zero-effort content-farming channels that promise a video and it's someone talking over a still photo. It's like the reply girls of the early 2010s (I'm showing my age with that reference) except somehow even lower-quality content.

- Clickbait Is Good - How To Title YouTube Videos: Kind: captions Language: en - Of the millions of data points YouTube is tracking about you. - Wait, YouTube is watching? - Yeah buddy, they know (whispering) everything. There are two things they care about most. I'm gonna help you exploit one of them. - I love exploitation! - Dude, no. (upbeat music) - Trevor here, Hollywood editor turned full-time real estate agent and yeah, I admit it, YouTuber. I like it here. Wanna grow your business and YouTube channel? Go ahead and hit that Subscribe button and clunk the bell. The two metrics that YouTube uses to determine how much to promote your videos are watch time, how long are people watching your videos, and click through rate, how often when people see your thumbnails and titles are they clicking. You can see both of these metrics in YouTube Analytics. This is a gold mine for nerds, a gold mine for anybody that's on YouTube. You gotta learn how to read this stuff. You need to learn to respond to the data instead of to your emotion. When you're trying to decide what videos to create and make more of, look at the data and do what the data says, not what you think, oh I just want to make one of these videos. Today I'm gonna show you how to get your videos clicked on more often, the click through rate. To see how you're doing now, go ahead and open YouTube, click on your icon on the top right and select YouTube studio beta. Then go ahead and click on analytics on the left. Here on the top, click on reach viewers. Scroll down on the right and you'll find the watch time funnel. For the last 28 days we can see my video has had this many impressions and this click through rate. The average click through rate for a video on YouTube is 2-10%. No matter what yours is, whether it's 1% or 10%, your goal should be to get this click through rate higher. When more people click on your thumbnail to watch your videos, it tells YouTube that hey maybe this is a really good video so they reward you by promoting your video more and showing it to more people. That's what you want. There is a direct correlation between click through rate and how good your titles and thumbnails are. Clickbait is good. Seriously. To me clickbait is a title and thumbnail that make people have to click on your thumbnail so they can watch your video. Now there is a caveat, clickbait to me is only good if you deliver on what you promised them in the title and in the thumbnail. For example, if you title a video Worst Accident Ever! [I barely Survived] and you show a smushed up car and then your video is all about an accident where you got rear ended at 2 miles an hour and nothing happened, that was bad clickbait. You made 'em click, you didn't deliver so they're not gonna watch more of your videos. And guess what, YouTube's gonna catch on to that really quickly and it's gonna stop showing your videos because it knows when you're using bad clickbait. Remember, YouTube knows everything! So what's a good clickbait-y title? How about Clickbait is Good, How To Title YouTube Videos 2019. Why is that a good title? Why is that clickbait-y title good? Because most people think of clickbait as bad. And I'm showing you how clickbait can be good and I'm showing you how to create titles that get your videos clicked. But I'm also telling you that you need to deliver on what you promise in your titles and in your thumbnails. So to me, clickbait is good. One of the biggest mistakes I see real estate agents and other YouTubers, and everybody posting videos online make is not thinking about their titles. You need to think about your titles before you ever press record on your camera so you can deliver on that title. You need to make a title that is compelling, we'll talk about how to do that. Here's a bad title, My Life, Episode 1. Nobody's searching for that, right? You need to create titles that people are actually searching for, around topics that people are searching for. Before you film any video, you should do keyword research first. How do you start? Well there are entire businesses around this, but the basics are, open up a YouTube window, the very top in just about any YouTube window is a search bar. In that search bar, type in a topic that you are considering making a video about. YouTube will show you a list of the top 10 most searched things around that search term. Boom! YouTube's a search engine. It is the second largest search engine on the planet after Google. So take advantage of that. It is showing you exactly what things So make a video around one of those 10 topics. If none of those fit what you're trying to do, keep modifying what you type in the search bar until something clicks. That's the most basic way to begin your search for a video topic that There are other great tools that will help you with that, such as TubeBuddy and vidIQ, I've got links for those down below if you're interested to hone things in a little bit better. You're searching for a topic, not necessarily a keyword phrase. Getting an exact keyword phrase match is way less important than it used to be. YouTube will figure out very quickly what your video is about by the people that click on it and watch it. They know all kinds of things about them too. But you for sure should create a video around one of those topics, one of those keyword phrases that show up in the YouTube search bar. Your goal when crafting a title, and you really should craft a title, is to create a title that people would click on. Don't try to create something for the computer that's got a bunch of keywords stuffed in it and that doesn't even make sense to a human. It's gotta be something that a human would want to click on. YouTube's that smart. You don't necessarily have to use that exact keyword phrase you identified in the search bar in your title, but you can. You just need to make sure that your content delivers on that topic. Another thing you can do that can help get your videos clicked on more often, is by putting the year in the title. When I'm searching YouTube videos, I want the most current information about things. Especially if it's about video or YouTube creation because the algorithm, everything's changing constantly. I want the most recent videos on any topic I'm searching for. So putting the year in the title can really help. I want you to think about the titles that you click on. Have you ever been on a news site online and you read your article, at the bottom there's a bunch more stories and some of them are really sensational and sometimes you just have to click. It could be a title like, Peter Brady Was Cute in the Brady Bunch, Wait Til You See Him Now. And you're like, you're dying to click. By the way, I did help photograph one of Christopher Knight's weddings. - Dude, no one cares. - I know man, shut up. You also want to include something emotionally compelling in your title. Something that's gonna make people want to click. In my case, this is a video about creating better titles, but I put Clickbait is Good in there because that's controversial and it's gonna make people click. - I like controversy. - Yeah I don't, it give me anxiety. Another way to create emotion, is to add words like weirdest, biggest, best, scariest, gnarliest. Put words like that in there and it's gonna create a little more interest. For example, if you lived in one of the cities I serve Simi Valley and I made a video called The Weirdest House In All of Simi Valley you'd have to see it, right? The goal for the title is to tell part of the story and tease them into having to click to see the rest. And of course it can't just be sensationalism in the title, you gotta say what the video's about. How To Title Your Video 2019. Another thing you can add to your titles is the benefit, what are they gonna get by watching your videos? For example, in this one I could've said How To Title YouTube Videos 2019 To Get More Viewers or To Sell More Houses or To Get More Subscribers. That's another thing that makes people want to click. You also want to make sure that your titles and of course your videos align with your value proposition, align with the audience that you have decided to target. You have to niche, you need to decide who you are making these videos for and think about them with every video you create. A huge mistake most creators make when they first start making videos is they make videos about everything. Oh I'm interested in painting and I like flowers and I like Motocross and I like video cameras and I like working out at the gym and they make a whole bunch of videos about random stuff and so when you create a YouTube channel that is for everyone, it's for no one and no one's gonna watch it. Choose a niche. Something else that gets people to click is putting numbers in the title. The Five Best Restaurants in All of Westlake Village, That No One Knows About Yet. Right, make it a little bit mysterious. Or the Seven Best Videos Every Realtor Should Create To Sell More Houses. In fact I'm making that one, when it's ready it'll be right there. Or how about The Seven Gnarliest Staging Tips That'll Make Your Home Sell Fast. To see how to exploit the YouTube algorithm even further, click right there. To learn to create the best video content in your entire market, subscribe by clicking right there. I can't wait to see the stories you have to share.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrevorJonesCreator [3 likes]: Do you do keyword research before you film your videos?  Are you gonna start now?!
  2. @azislifestyle1970 [2 likes]: Very nece
  3. @TonyAnczerRE [2 likes]: Great thought in adding the year in the title! 👍
  4. @rosajamal695 [2 likes]: Loved it thx man I subscribed cuz your content is premium ...thanks again
  5. @RachelattheShelter [2 likes]: Omg your emoji man 😂
  6. @livinginpeoriaarizona [2 likes]: Great stuff man, thank you for sharing.
  7. @gamerrsniper2037 [1 likes]: click bait is not good it is literally brain washing people into thinking they are gonna watch what they want smh
  8. @isaacsal0261 [1 likes]: why aren't many people watching this
  9. @luckylama8819 [1 likes]: I wanna grow my channel
  10. @bonnejournee8161: Someone is using my Exact Video "Title" and impersonating my YouTube videos to fool people. So when they search my name or Title it will show their videos. So far they made up 6 copies with different subjects. Please help me.

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- I Studied 100 Viral Hooks, These 6 Will Make You Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en the biggest difference between winning and losing on social media is the hook this is the 8020 of video if you want your videos to perform better you need to focus on leveling up your hooks now I've studied thousands of videos and it turns out all of the best performers only use six different hook formats if you know these six you're set so in this video I'm going to break all that down first we're going to walk through all six hook formats with examples and then I'm going to give you a full playbook for how to actually write winning hooks on your own I guarantee this this will be the best video on hooks you ever watch and I know this works because I've done billions of views myself using these exact same methods all right now first before anything else we need to understand the psychology behind how hooks work this is super important hooks are designed for one reason to create a curiosity Loop think of it like a rabbit hole in the viewer's brain we need to get them curious enough about the topic that they couldn't dream of doing anything else other than watching our video now the best way to create that Curiosity Loop is with contrast the viewer starts the video believing one thing and then we introduce an alternative in the hook they believe a we show them B and the distance between A and B is contrast the bigger the contrast the more the Curiosity and the deeper the hook it really is as simple as that but the hard part is you only have 5 Seconds to make it stick so each of these six hook formats are specifically designed to create that contrast and build the Curiosity Loop all right now the first hook format is called the fortune teller and it's all about positioning the the present against the future the Creator is using some scenario or question to build curiosity about how the future might change so this could mean saying something like that new microwave is going to change cooking forever or that little blue light is going to impact traffic moving forward here are a couple other examples of the fortun teller hook in action we're witnessing one of the largest breakthroughs in marketing this is the future of animation and this fortune teller hook format Works super well because the human brain is designed to constantly think about the future so it's playing into that so the Tactical steps for using this hook format would be a establish what the current reality is B figure out how the future might change based on the video subject and C frame a question or statement teasing that new future as a possibility and this format is great for breaking news product Innovations really anybody that's trying to build Authority or interest around knowing the future of some topic and again I'm going through all six of these base formats first so we can build that Baseline before going deeper tactically into how to actually write the hooks and I'll go through that in a minute okay now the second hook format is called the experimentor and this one is all about the Creator showcasing how something works using a demo or experiment and specifically this is angled as peer-to-peer it's one friend showing another what they learned or came across so the contrast that's being built is coming from I used to do something this way I figured out some method or format let me show you how now I'm doing this thing this way and here are a couple examples of the experiment format in action does anything look weird about this shot to you I actually don't have have a camera in my hands I'm recording with these glasses on my face these are the rayan meta smart glasses and they're about to change the way that we create this right here is the brand new cha gbt agent that literally controls your browser and does tasks for you and this is an 11-step process and we're going to see if it does it now I especially love the Colin and Samir one because Samir is actually showing how the glasses work in the hook as well he doesn't have to use the hook to Tee It Up in the future because the glasses camera is the subject itself and that video did 50 million views for a reason and a lot of Mr Beast videos fall into this hook category as well he doesn't always explicitly explain them as experiments but he's basically doing human experiments and then letting you watch in real time to see what happens so the Tactical steps for using the experiment hook framework are to a establish the base pain point that needs solving B show that you solved the paino or tried some new method or tool with an experiment and then C walk through why that new experiment or solve is different and help solve the paino better and this format is great for product demos new Frameworks it's also great for B2B trying to Showcase how your tool or product works this is also the same hook framework where those people that make the elaborate outdoor structures camping or building a log cabin by hand this the same format they're using as well and before we keep going if you like the way I break this content stuff down using the metaphors and the names to make it a little bit easier I actually did the exact same thing around virality how does virality work breaking into a formula you can actually grabb that it's a free 5-day email course called The virality Blueprint explains Concepts like this but in way more depth you can grab that there's a link below or go to virality blueprint.com and you can sign up all right let's keep going now the third hook format is called the teacher and this one is similar to the experimenter except that instead of going peerto peer it's going more teacher to student and instead of showing things with a live experiment it's more showing them by Framing a lesson so it's kind of like I'm the teacher of this topic I just saw somebody who solved X with Y method let me break that down and explain to you how they did it again the contrast is coming from you're failing at this thing I found a new way to do it let me explain how to do it so that you can start winning and here's a few examples of the teacher format in action three things you can learn from aritzia here's how I got this shot I made this Ecom brand a million dollar in 12 hours using something called the product drop method and again these are all teaching setups so it's either the Creator tried something and extracted the lessons and is now teaching it not like experiment but teaching the methods or they studied someone else who solved that thing and then is now teaching those lessons back either way it's show by teaching and so the Tactical steps for using this one would be a establish the base paino B show that you have a solve through some set of learnings or method and then see walk them through why the process or steps worked because of your solve and this format is super good for anybody who's trying to build Authority in the category or become an expert to then sell that expertise okay now the fourth hook framework is a little bit different than the other five it's called the magician and it can be used as a precursor or in combination with the rest of them now the magician is basically a stun gun it's strategically using visuals and or language like hey look at that to visually Force the viewer's attention to a specific thing in the visual and it's usually something outlandish or just rhythmic and Visually Pops to stop the scroll now there are a ton of amazing examples of people who do this China CH what's up mttv chis yo check this out so president Trump just ordered the Resurgence of a 1980s plan for nuclear war in space let me explain so this can either be executed with some visual stun tactic like what Carl Shakur uses the kind of snap click or it could be the spoken words themselves like look at that crazy thing and really forcing the attention my favorite example of this is the neon sign guy who starts out as Trump with the wig makes a joke in the voice and then throws the wig off and immediately starts talking about the neon signs I've been using this on my own videos for the last 30 or so where I start all the videos saying check this out really quick and I roll into the first line with it check us out this check out this check out this check out this it just gives that kind of unique signature pattern that people recognize audibly when they hear it another great way to achieve the magician is with something called a visual pacifier now this is an activity that the subject is doing passively which holds just enough of your subconscious attention to let you focus on the thing this could either be like Alex Earl doing her makeup or this guy in this example stacking the cups it's the same psychological reason why people make those GTA Gam gameplay videos the split screen and you see the car driving through the course on one end and then the clip on the other it holds just enough subconscious attention to get you to focus and not churn on the main thing and I say this format is different because you can combine the magician with any of the other five a lot of people stack them so they use the magician immediately as a visual stun gun and then layer on one of the other five below so tactically to do this you either want to find some visual some sound or some signature thing that you can tie to your videos to kind of stun that's atypical and stops that scroll all right now the fifth hook format is called the investigator and this one is super common with this format you're basically trying to create contrast against some unknown secret or some finding that you found in your research that nobody knows about so the contrast is today you don't know the thing I show you the thing now you know the thing very simple almost all of my personal short form videos fall into this category it's kind of unearthing some tech or AI thing about the future potentially that people don't know about and there's a ton of amazing examples showcasing this format as well so this is one of the sneakier marketing campaigns I've seen Central sees brand sells out in seconds and what's crazy is that it's not just because he's a rapper Che out this is a secret Japanese City built at the base of Mount Fuji but it's not just any City so the Tactical steps if you want to use the investigator would be to tee up the fact that there is some secret that they don't know and then frame it against their current reality which is not knowing and the communicated contrast in this one is pretty straightforward because the base cases they don't know and then you tell them something they know some of these don't have to be super cheeky they could be pretty straightforward but inherently they'll still grab and create that interest this format is great for people to use who are trying to be at the Leading Edge of their field or showcase that in a research capacity they're finding the Deep insights that most people don't know okay and the sixth and final hook format is called the contrarian and this one is actually the easiest to understand where exactly the contrast sits the contrarian hook literally has the Creator come out specifically and say what they believe about the topic that is different than the conventional wisdom and the difference between this one and some of the others is that a few of the s kind of slightly try to hide that contrast in the framing whereas this one immediately you come straight out and just say you're doing your branding wrong you should be doing it this way it's very direct here are a few examples of the contrarian in practice so I think this is probably the most important thing that you need to be doing if you run a brand that you are probably not doing and this is having one-on-one conversations with your customers you have no creative ideas because your space sucks to live in this guy is a multi-millionaire from his clothing brand and the weird thing is they're best sellers are almost never in stock NOW of the six hook formats this one is the most direct at creating that contrast and it's really easy the Tactical steps would be figure out what you believe that most people don't believe and then say it explicitly this is great for the smarty pants expert use case or somebody that's trying to frame thems as a contrarian in a crowded space okay so there we have it those are the six hook archetypes the fortune teller the experimentor the teacher the magician the investigator and the contrarian now I'm going to tell you a secret you don't actually have to to figure out which one of the six works for your video because the truth is every single video idea could be manipulated to use any of the six hook formats for example let's say I made videos reviewing backpacks and this new interesting backpack just came out that I wanted to make a video about how would I go about using all six of these in different ways so for the fortune teller I may say something like this backpack is going to completely change the way Millennials travel for the experimenter I might say I just took this backpack 7,000 Mi across the world but it has three major design flaws for the teacher I may say something like if you're traveling internationally this summer this is the best way to pack your backpack for the magician I may do a rapid match cut with a bunch of different backpacks to visually stun them and then with the voiceover saying which of these backpacks is the best for a guy in their 20s for the investigator I may say something like I can't believe this company isn't marketing this one flaw in their bag and then for the contrarian I may say something like everybody loves this bag but if you use it every day it is so overhyped and see so you can pick any of those hooks directions with every single video topic and so the real question is how do you decide if you're staring at the blank page and you're trying to write a hook which of these is the best one for you in any given scenario and this really gets into the second part of the video which is tactically how do you actually write a banger hook that crushes every single time cuz that's where the sauce really lies so let's walk through that I'm going to break the whole thing down right now all hooks are made up of four components the spoken hook which is what you say the visual hook which is what you show on the screen the text hook which is what you write in text on the screen and then the audio hook which is the sound and sound effects that you play in the background and this is the big secret right here the difference between 500 and 500,000 views is unlocking Max alignment between those four things so if you say one thing verbally but then the visual even slightly different that creates misalignment and then the hook is not as effective to nail the hook you need all four of these things to line up perfectly and the reason this matters is because because of comprehension comprehension is the degree to which the viewer actually understands what they're seeing and hearing you can't hook them unless they fully understand and are interested in what they're watching if your verbal spoken Hook is different from your visual hook which is different from the music in your audio hook well that leads to confusion and confusion leads to comprehension loss which just makes it harder for the viewer to stick with the hook the way to drive Max comprehension is to make sure the visual and audio hooks are aligned and so how do you do this the way you do this is to understand exactly how the viewer takes in the video when they're watching and this gets to the Deep psychology which is my favorite thing to do imagine a subconscious heat map when somebody's watching the video where are they actually focusing their attention I'm going to tell you this is what all viewers do the first thing they do is they take in the visual and text hook they see the visual they may read the text hook if it's obvious enough in the right place and then their ears catch up and they hear the spoken hook after and after they hear what you're saying they look back at the visual and they're seeking visual confirmation with what they heard so it's visual audio visual that sandwich is how people actually take in videos at the subconscious level now why is this the case well the reason is our eyes process 10 to 100 times more information per second than our ears and this is essentially the speed of light vers speed of sound phenomenon so the viewer is seeing first then hearing and then looking back at the visual to match what they heard okay so tactically tying all this together what does this actually mean and why did I spend so much time going through those six hook archetypes what this means is that the most important part of getting the hook to actually perform well is the visual it's not what you say it's the visual I call this the key visual so when you first have your video idea the very first thing you should do is figure out what visual or visuals you have at your disposal that you could actually slot into the first 3 to 5 seconds and based on that key visual you then need to decide which of the six hook archetypes will create the most contrast and perfectly aligned with what that visual shows knowing the visual lets you set up the speech to then set back up to the visual this is the golden approach to hooks that nobody talks about at this level all right so now I'm going to say it again one more time but more organized so the very first step is you need to look at what visuals do you have the better the visual the more you can lean on the visual and the easier it will be to set up the contrast back to the visual if you don't have a good visual you need to really think should I make this video and if you do want to make it how are you going to manufacture the key visual with Motion Graphics or some stock footage to create this interesting thing to look at step two is that once you have the visual you need to think about what are the most interesting fact sets or angles things about the story that you have to work with and based on those what has the biggest contrast whichever one has the biggest contrast will inform which of the six hook archetypes that you actually use step three is that I would then write the spoken hook this is going to be two to four lines and it's going to follow the context lean contrast and contrarian Snapback approach that I detailed in my other Hook video I'll link that here step four is then what text can I put on screen overlaying the video to support that initial Visual and the reconfirmation of the visual after someone hears the speech and then step five I'm going to watch it back and gut check with myself does this achieve Max comprehension if the viewer goes visual speech visual are they very clear on what I'm talking about in this video and does that align with where I think the rest of the video will go if not I will stop not move forward and rework the hook that is how important it is all right now really quick I just want to walk through a couple examples of my own content to illustrate what I mean by good and bad hooks we're going to show one of each the first one is an example of a perfect hook this video is about life-size floor plans which is this really cool projected home floor plans in a warehouse this video did 15 million views so the first thing I want you to do is watch this video with no sound we're going to turn the sound off just watch the hook visually and I want you to think where do your eyes go what do you notice and what do you see so we're going to play that right now all right now the first place your eyes probably go is that sliding text that comes across that says the future of Home Design This first clip with a split screen you don't actually see that well the girl with the arms going up that was more just a visual stun gun the actual hero visual the key visual that I saw in the idea that I knew I was going to build the whole video around was the next visual in the full screen with the people walking on top of the floor plans what I did is I put text that said life-size floor plans with an arrow enhancing the fact that your visual eyeline went directly to that thing I wanted to make sure you saw that and so this was the visual shocker right there's embedded contrast here most people have never seen this before so the fact that it existed on its own created a large contrast I knew that visual was a great key visual to build off of okay so the next thing is I had actually pick which of the hook formats that I want to go with and then how would I actually write the hook itself so when I looked at the formats there were two that made sense one was the fortune teller this is the future of Home Design and the second one was The Secret Keeper I found this secret about how people are designing homes that nobody knew they're close to the same but slightly different I went with the fortune teller one because which is easier to explain and creates more of a shock this is what the future of Home Design will look like right so that's what I picked and then step three was I had to actually write the hook so context lean contrast contrarian take so I literally said check this out that was my magician scroll stop thing and then I said these are life-size floor plant you can literally walk through your exact Home Design before you build it right so that's context lean that is me literally describing exactly what you're seeing that is perfect alignment with showing the visual and saying the thing then for this one I didn't actually need a contrasting word I didn't need to say but here's what's crazy because the fact that it existed on its own was already contrast enough so my contrarian take which maps to the Future hook fortune teller was I think this is the future of how people are going to design their homes right so it's exactly what I'm saying I picked the fortune teller I talked about the future I set up the context lean what you're seeing with pure Al alignment and then I framed this is the future of how people are going to design their homes that is tailor made how you build the hook with pure alignment and this one worked 15 million views now before we end the video Let's quickly go through one bad example where I made a video but it didn't work out that well it got maybe 100,000 views or less and the hook was just executed super poorly so I want to explain what went wrong and what I should have done looking back okay so the same thing here I want you to watch this video without sound just watch the first 15 seconds and tell me where you focus your attention [Music] right away you see the tech sliding across again future of Storytelling and then you see a bunch of these rooms kind of like magically appearing out of nowhere just that alone is kind of misaligned future of Storytelling is a bit of an abstract concept and so visualizing that with those rooms does that really mean future of Storytelling not really so already just in the visual and with the text there is comprehension lost then when you turn the sound on it gets even more confusing so I say this is the future of Storytelling it's called a generative World model it lets you turn a single image into a photorealistic cinematic World okay so if you really take that down future of Storytelling it's so abstract it's like what do you even show for that maybe it's a book with a video or a robot coming out of it maybe I could have used that the problem is nobody knows what generative World model is nobody knows what photorealistic world so I use these crazy terms that I didn't have good visuals to show and you can tell immediately it's just a little confusing it's not as straightforward as the life-size floor plans one and so when you watch this yeah maybe you're like oh those are cool visuals but you're not actually hearing what I'm saying when you don't hear what I'm saying you have comprehension loss when you have comprehension loss you're not purely tied and aligned with the video and so looking back maybe what I should have done has gone more explicit so these rooms are the future of commercials and if I had visuals of guys actually using those rooms to film commercials and I could show that perspective maybe that would have worked the truth is this video didn't have great b-roll that was easy to explain so what I should have done is probably canned the idea not made it in general and that's really what you need to decide when you're going through this process what is the visual what is the hook format writing the hook is there Clarity and Alignment if there isn't you probably should throw out the video because there's always more ideas that you could make so that's really the process in a nutshell you have to have that Clarity and if you don't that's the difference between 10,000 views and 10 million views and look the reason that I can go so deep and I'm so nerdy on this stuff is because I live and breathe this content stuff all day long and I'm making this channel because I'm trying to show my experiments and show my work to help other people grow with content but look if you don't want to have to worry about which hook format to use and how to exactly write it you don't want to take 60 minutes a day making videos that's completely fine I built sand castles which is a software to infuse all of these learnings and formulas and formats into it so all you have to do is put your video in and we'll do it for you we go through the full diagnostic to figure out what is the right hook formula how should we frame it where is the best contrast it's all automatic so if you want to try that out sandcastles a have a free trial for you below that's the easiest way that you can close the gap on this without having to do all the work and guys if you like how I think about this stuff there is a ton more for free in the description I have a free contact Community called wavy world with over 13,000 people that are learning the advanced psychology behind this stuff there's a free invite for you below make sure to grab that and keep me posted on what you guys want next keep the shares coming keep the comments coming until then we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [27 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ryanthecoach [1 likes]: seriously? your "free guide" takes DAYS to come but... didn't ever come?!?!! Just a dozen marketing emails.
  3. @ignaciogutierreznabias: You are really good explaining thks for this!
  4. @Studio81000: Lets go viral baby!
  5. @FinanzasAztecas: I love your content, you bring so much value! But you speak so fast my brain doesnt have enough time to associate and process all. I feel like i miss stuff, so i always end up leaving your videos around half of it
  6. @EverythingAinowllc: This video is awesome
  7. @htdstf: Bro please this video please auto translate with Hindi start please enable the setting
  8. @DreamNestBedtime: https://youtu.be/W1-OicF3MaI?feature=shared
  9. @LifeGrazfully: Thank you sir. I was doing a bunch of nonsense on my page.
  10. @benjimeko: it helps kall thank you
  11. @shubniggurath47: The best video on this topic so far!
  12. @finessingtheindustry: Best videos out ..great content
  13. @Ojan_Cuan: You're Genius
  14. @ramgautamvlog: Thank you very much 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  15. @ayamoormusic: This is a lot of fascinating info. What if you’re an artist trying to gain a following?
  16. @TheWhisperingPoet: This video is visually so good that it seems AI.
  17. @duttslab: Awesome insight
  18. @thecatplayer9684: 15:26 i don't see the link anywhere
  19. @life_force_health: You're a gangster dude. Very much appreciating your stuff.
  20. @NitishRathoresVlog: Mind Blowing !!! 🇮🇳

- 7 TikTok Hooks That Actually Make You Go Viral (Copy These): Kind: captions Language: en On Tik Tok, the first 3 seconds decide everything. You see, I used to think the platform was random. Some videos blew up, some flopped. But then I realized it all came down to the hook. The first 3 seconds decide whether you get ignored or you go viral. And here's the good news. Right now, it's a level playing field. Whoever knows how to open a video the right way is going to win. I've been able to pick up on this after years of breaking down viral Tik Toks, running accounts that scaled to millions of followers, and consulting for brands that went from zero views to millions of dollars in sales. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through the seven Tik Tok hooks that are converting right now. Each with a structure, real examples, and the psychology behind why it works. The first hook style that I've seen across every account I've touched is what I call the pattern interrupt. This is when you open a video with something so unexpected that people literally can't help but stop scrolling. It's that shock factor. And look, on Tik Tok, shock doesn't have to mean anything extreme. It just has to break the rhythm of what people are used to seeing. For example, your teacher lied to you about success. If you're still using Google Docs, you're behind. I've spent $10,000 just to test this one idea. Now, here is why it works. The human brain is wired to notice when something doesn't match the pattern. It's the same reason if you're in a quiet room and someone drops a glass, you instantly snap to attention or why a neon sign stands out in the middle of a dark street. On Tik Tok, you have 3 seconds to win the scroll. 3 seconds. And the pattern interrupt is one of the fastest ways to do that. But here is the mistake that most people make. They try to be shocking for the sake of it. They'll say something wild, but that has nothing to do with the rest of the video. And when that happens, the viewer feels tricked and they swipe even faster. The key here is interrupt the pattern, but do it in a way that directly connects to your content. Let me give you a practical example. Let's say you're in the fitness niche. If you start with, here's a workout you can try, you've already lost. Nobody cares, right? However, if you start with stop doing crunches, they're ruining your abs. Now you've got my attention. Why? Because that single line forces people to stop and rethink what they thought they knew. That curiosity pulls them in to the next 10 seconds. People are wired to protect their beliefs. So when you challenge one in the very first line, you create this mental itch that they need to scratch. They literally can't swipe until they get the answer. So here is the formula you can steal. Take a belief and flip it upside down. State it as a bold fact in the very first sentence. That's it. Just drop the line. Let the curiosity do the heavy lifting, then pay it off in the body of your video. And when you do this right, you're buying yourself the next 10 seconds of watch time. And we all know that 10 seconds are usually the difference between a flop and a viral Tik Tok. The second hook style that has consistently worked for me and thousands of other creators is the list formats. Numbers make people stay. That's why countdowns, top five lists, or three things you didn't know still dominate Tik Tok. Take my underrated website series. I've literally built millions of followers off of the exact same structure. Three websites you didn't know existed. That one line has generated tens of millions of views because it's so simple yet so sticky. Here is why. Every number you say creates a mini promise. If you say three website you didn't know exist, the viewer's brain immediately says, "Okay, let me watch the first one. All right, now that I've seen the first, let me just watch the second and I might as well watch the third." while I'm at it. Right? It's like a mental checklist. Once you've tik tock the first, you feel incomplete until you've ticked them all. And the best part is this format is completely repeatable. You don't need to reinvent the wheel every time. I've seen this walk in education, fitness, finance, even cooking. Five shoulders exercise that you're not doing yet. Three body hacks that no one is talking about. Top five foods to boost your energy. It works because humans naturally want to complete lists. If you open with a number, you've already created a contract in the viewer's mind. They feel unfinished until they watch until the end. Now, the usual mistake most beginners make is they'll say top five tips and then the first one is boring. If you don't land your first punch, you've already lost. The first item has to be the strongest because this is what convinces your audience to keep going. So, here is the formula that you can steal for this list format. Start with a clear number. three ways, five tips, top seven mistake, and then you frontload your best example fast. You want to keep each item short and punchy so the pacing matches the attention span. Obviously, you want to pay off on the promise. So, if you say three things, you want to give the three things. You don't want to bait and switch. But this style works because it's predictable for you as a content creator and unpredictable for the viewers. They never know what's coming next. And the only way to find out is to keep watching. And look, quick side note before we move on. If you're a brand or a creator and you just want the framework that actually has helped me and my team to build a system that drives millions of views and customers on Tik Tok, there's a link down below that you can apply to work directly with us. The third hook style that has worked insanely well on Tik Tok is what I call the curiosity gap. Instead of giving people the answer right away, you tease it. You leave just enough information on the table so that they stick around to close the loop. For example, this one website replaced a $200 software I was using. The secret Shopify feature that crashed my store overnight. I paid $500 for advice and this one sentence made it all worth it. Do you notice what's happening here? You've already delivered the context. Software, Shopify, business advice, but the payoff is missing. So, the viewer knows something is coming, but that tension is what makes them stay. This is the same psychology that drives cliffhers on Netflix shows. The episode ends, the loop is open, and suddenly it's 3:00 a.m. and you've watched six episodes. The human brain literally hates unfinished information. It feels like an itch that needs to be scratched. And on Tik Tok, that itch is gold because every second that someone spends watching you to close that loop, that increases your watch time. And watch time is what feeds the algorithm. Now, here's the catch. If you drag people for too long, they'll end up swiping. If you tease something incredible but you underd deliver, you lose their trust. So balance is everything, right? So here is how I like to structure the curiosity hook. You set the stage, give the viewers a little context so they know the topic. Example, the Shopify feature, the free website, $500 advice. Then you tease the payoff. You can hint at something surprising, valuable, or unusual. For example, crashed my store, replaced the $200 software, one sentence that made it worth it. And finally, you delay the reveal. So you don't give the answer right away, but you deliver on it within five to 15 seconds so the tension doesn't break. And the mistake I see all the time is people open the loop, but then wander. They ramble. They add fluff before the reveal. On Tik Tok, that kills you. Your job is to keep the suspense high and pay it off quickly. Let me give you a practical example. Let's say you're in fitness. Again, instead of saying, "This is the best exercise for abs," try this. This exercise is more effective for your abs than crunches, and you've probably never done it. Instantly, the viewer needs to know what's the exercise, and that earns you the next 10 seconds. When you master the curiosity gap, you actually create momentum because when the reveal finally lands, people feel satisfied, and that satisfaction makes them watch your next video, too. One of the simplest yet most powerful hook style is just asking a question. It might sound almost too basic, but it works because you are literally meeting people what their brain already is. You're voicing the exact thing that they are already thinking or searching for. Examples: How do you actually grow on TikTok without dancing? What are the best side hustles to start in 2025? Why do most drop shipping stores fail in that first 3 months? When you open with a question, the psychology flips. Instead of pushing the information, you're pulling the viewer into a conversation. their brain can't help but answer in real time, even if it's just subconsciously. The beauty of this is that you don't have to guess what questions to ask. Tik Tok literally hands them to you. Just type the keywords in the Tik Tok search bar and look for the autocomplete suggestions. You can also use tools like answerthepub.com to see what people are typing on Google. Or you can also just scroll on your own comment section and your audience in there are already leaving questions about the pain points that they have. So, just answer those. Now, here is the trick. The best question hooks are specific, not vague. Here's an example of a bad one. Want to make money online? And a good one. Want to make $500 this weekend without touching Shopify? The second one hits because it narrows the scope, paints a clear outcome, and speak to a real curiosity that people have. Another pro tip, questions also work insanely well when you already know the answer is unexpected. For example, can you actually grow on Tik Tok without posting every day? Everyone assumes that the answer is no. So, the curiosity to hear you break this down skyrockets. The formula looks like this. Find the question that your audience is already asking. Say it word for word at the opening line. And then you answer it quickly, but in the way that flips their expectations. This hook is so effective because it doesn't feel like an ad or even like content. It feels like you're giving help, like a friend. giving you the answer that you've been googling for hours. If you're ever stuck on an idea, this is the fastest way to generate 10, 20, even 50 Tik Tok hooks in a single afternoon. Just collect real questions, then record straight to camera your answer, and you've got content that people actually want to see. One of the most underrated ways to hook people into a Tik Tok is by starting with a frustration that they are already living through. Because here is the truth. When someone feels seen, they instantly pay attention. You don't even need to sell them. Just naming their pain creates empathy. Have you ever spent 3 hours editing a video and it only gets 200 views? How do you get out of the 200 view cycle? You're posting daily, but nothing is working right. You've tried five different side hustles and none of them are making you more than $100. When you open with this type of line, the viewer leans in because it feels personal. It's just like you're reading their mind. And now they have to stick around because if you understand the problem that they have, you might have the solution. Psychologically, this works because humans are wired to pay more attention to pain rather than pleasure. Losing $100 hurts more than winning $100. And that same bias shows up in content. Pain hooks cut through stronger than anything else. But, and this is the key, you're not just steering up negativity. The goal isn't to make your audience miserable. The goal is to build trust. You're saying, "I get it. I've been there, too, and I can help you get out of it." So, here is the formula I use. I call out the pain by naming something specific that my audience feels on a daily basis. Then, I twist the knife just enough by exaggerating the frustration so they feel this instantly. And finally, I offer the promise of relief by transitioning my video into here is how to fix it. And you can use this across any niche. Fitness. You've already been going to the gym for months and scale hasn't moved, right? Finance. You're saving money in your bank account, but that account never seems to grow. Productivity. Your to-do list is full, but you still feel like you've got nothing done today. This hook style is especially powerful because it doesn't just grab attention, it grabs the right type of attention. You're literally filtering people who feel that exact pain and want your exact solution. Sometimes the fastest way to grab attention is to say something so strong, so confident that people can't ignore. That's what I call the bold claim. Examples: This AI tool will replace 90% of copyriters. If you're still running Facebook ads like it's 2022, you're burning money. Drop shipping is dead unless you do this one thing. You see how each one of them almost feel like a challenge. Viewers instantly think, "Wait, what? Is that true?" Prove it. And that's the exact reaction that you want. Curiosity mixed with a little skepticism. Human brains are trained to notice things that break certainty. A bold claim feels like a violation of what they thought they knew. So, we need to resolve that tension. Either we agree or we disagree or we watch to find out. But either way, we're locked in. Now, there's a fine line between a bold claim and just clickbait. The difference is whether you can actually back it up. If you say, "This Shopify hack doubled my sales overnight," you better show some proof. Otherwise, you lose the trust instantly. The formula looks like this. You lead with confidence. You drop the claim up front in plain English. Make it polarizing so you attract enough people and they want to argue with you. And then you back it up fast, showing some evidence, case studies, or personal story. And here's the beauty. You don't need to invent any crazy claims. Just frame the truth more powerfully. So instead of saying AI can help you with copywriting, say AI makes human copywriters obsolete. The core idea is the same, but the hook feels 10 times stronger. The goal isn't just shock value, it's positioning. A bold claim establishes authority. You're showing up as someone who knows, someone with an insight that the average person doesn't have. And that authority is what keeps people watching past the hook. So, if you're confident in your knowledge and you've got proof to back it up, this is one of the most powerful hooks that you can use to dominate attention. Humans are wired for stories. Before social media, before books, before even writing, people learn through storytelling. And that psychology hasn't changed. If you can open a Tik Tok like the beginning of a story, people will stay to hear the ending. I accidentally crashed a Shopify store in one night. When I was 19, I made the dumbest mistake with $10,000. This student went from zero to $5,000 in 30 days, but what happened in week two shocked me. You see what's happening? Each one plants a seed. The viewer doesn't know the ending yet. And that creates an open loop. Their brain starts asking, "What happened next? How does this end?" And the only way to close that loop is again to keep watching. It's the same reason you can't ignore a half-written text bubble. That little dot dot dot leaves your brain hanging until you see the full message. So, here's the formula for story tease. You start in the middle of the action. I was $20,000 in debt when dot dot dot or my ad account got banned yesterday dot dot dot. You hint at the outcome, but you don't reveal it. What happened next shocked me. Then you transition into the lesson or the value. The story is the setup, but your insight is the payoff. Now, here's the key. The story tease isn't about virality. It's about depth. It builds a connection. For instance, nobody remembers the exact statistics of Michael Jordan's career. They remember the story Nike told with the jump pan, right? That story sold more shoes than any number ever could. And those are the seven Tik Tok hooks that are converting right now. And here's the thing, none of them are theoretical. These are the exact frameworks that I have used to grow Tik Tok accounts from zero to millions of followers and the same ones I've taught to brands spending multiple six or seven figures a month on Tik Tok ads. But remember, a hook is just the start. Winning the first 3 seconds is like opening the door. If what's behind the door isn't valuable, people will leave. The real game is building a system where every hook flows into engaging content. Every piece of content compounds into growth. Now, if you're a brand or a content creator and you want me to personally help you build this system, there's a link down below where you can apply to work with me directly. Also, if you found this video valuable and you want the full system instead of just one piece of it, click right here on the screen and watch the full masterass. It's completely free and it will give you a much deeper understanding of how you can actually scale an account on Tik Tok in 2025.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProsperDigitalz [4 likes]: Almost a month now my TikTok is not getting views again since I hit 1k followers 😢
  2. @medalh4281 [3 likes]: this is life changing men thanks alot
  3. @JesusOsuna08 [2 likes]: Bro used Hook Format #2 for this vid. Good stuff!
  4. @itsrebeccaf [2 likes]: More people need to watch this video! Such good examples and tips!
  5. @culturenumbers [2 likes]: Great video! Thank for the input!
  6. @GinquelLimitless [1 likes]: great hooks example
  7. @SiatwiindaPeter [1 likes]: can these hooks work in any niche
  8. @AyoubeDigit [1 likes]: a il est francais lui
  9. @GavLar1876: Thank you I’m definitely going to try this next time 🎉
  10. @spinstreettv: great videooo.I love your content so much
  11. @maixent_mm: Feels like listening to Brendan Kane.
  12. @rickc.3552: This video is 6 months old with 9600 views 🧐🤨
  13. @UltraMindMotivation-f7d: He used the second hook here on YouTube

7 tictock..... 😮
Great
I'll apply that
  14. @einarkuningas2196: These are some wild ideas lol gonna totally use them. And hey, nothing wrong in using Famester to give those ideas a little boost right?
  15. @charlottedankworth3705: These hooks are gold. Guess I'll just invent some niche now and use Famester to promote it. Easy peasy.
  16. @AndersCastillo-o4j: This is super helpful! I always wondered how to grab attention on TikTok. If you're looking to boost your social media presence, Famester is a good way to get some extra engagement. Thanks for sharing these hooks!
  17. @jakobweidner752: great video! :) the way of editing videos, shocked everyone... 
pls tell me how you do it. looks very cool and id like to adapt it somehow. greetings
  18. @nos3bl33dgg: 💪💪💪💪
  19. @SeanDiscoversTV: great videooooo
  20. @raefan22: 67

- I studied 100+ hooks, this strategy will make you go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is a hook and this is a hook. I've spent hundreds of hours scouring the internet to find the best hook strategies and the results have taken my views from this to this. In today's video, I'm going to break down how you can use hooks to get the same results. By the way, this video is sponsored by Story Blocks. More on them later. There has been a huge shift when it comes to how successful creators, keyword successful, have been approaching their hooks. And the shift is this. They are no longer thinking about hooks as a catchy sentence. Instead, they're thinking about hooks like a moment. So, it's a mixture of words, visuals, and pacing, which is designed to grab your audience's attention. Now, I'm not going to spend loads of time talking about why hooks are super important, because at the end of the day, you know why they're important. They take up those precious first few seconds of your content that are designed to grab your audience's attention. And if you don't do it well, people will scroll past your content, and you will not get the views, the engagement, and genuinely the recognition that your content deserves. So, let's break down what thinking of your hooks as a moment actually means. There are now three core elements that make up a fantastic hook. And again, I say now because previously there really was just one element which was saying a really catchy sentence, which is definitely something I was guilty of for years. I'm going to show you some examples later. Don't you worry. We're moving on from it being one catchy sentence to it being a whole moment. And there are three elements which make up that moment. There are the words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your content. There are the visuals. So, these are the stuff that people see on your content. And there's the pacing. So, this is how quickly you actually get through your initial hook and video intro. Now, I want to break each of these elements down further so that you can truly understand how to utilize each to create an amazing hook. And later on in this video, I'm going to share real life examples of my own content when I've done it well and when I've done it not so well. So, let's talk about the words first. So, these are things that you're either saying on camera or just words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your video content. In order for the words that your audience are hearing to be effective, you want them to be specific, surprising, and hopefully create a bit of tension. For example, instead of saying, "Here are three tips to grow on Instagram, this is one that I'm pretty sure I've probably used in the past, and you know what? Maybe that worked in the past. I'll give myself some grace." Nowadays, those words aren't going to cut it. Instead, you might want to say something like, "Here's the reason nobody cares about your Instagram posts." Do you see how much more dramatic that alternative option is? You essentially want to give all of your words like a bit of a drama test. Are they dramatic enough? Could you be a bit more dramatic in what you're saying and in your delivery? Honestly, the more dramatic it is, the more likely it is to actually capture people's attention and stop them scrolling. The second element is the visuals. This is the element that's the most new when it comes to how hooks are working on social media nowadays. Previously, words are enough and now we've got to throw in visuals, too. A good hook will have visual elements appear on the screen that are designed to get your audience's attention. So whether that's captions, special effects, graphics, or maybe you just do something really interesting in the first few seconds of your video that gets someone's attention. A really great example of this is the foreshadowing trend. Do you guys remember that? Where people would basically take a clip of them doing something really embarrassing like maybe they fell over or something and they would frontend the video with that clip. So the first few seconds of the video would be them falling over and the rest of the video would be snippets which show the events which led up to them falling over. This trend worked so well, not only because it was super funny and interesting, but also because it had a hook built into its template. It literally forced you to open with the most exciting part. And in this example, that was something visual. Third element is pacing. During the first few seconds of your video, you need to bring the energy. Okay? You need to have some energy and some pacing in that video. We do not want a slow start. We do not want pauses unless they're used effectively. And again, I'm going to show you some examples of a pause being used effectively in just a moment. What we don't Oh, my dog's slipping. By the way, my dog just got neuted, so she's in this little outfit so that she doesn't bother her scar. They wouldn't give her a cone because she has too long of a nose. Anyway, what we want to do if we're using pauses is we want to use them for dramatic effect. What we don't want to do is use the millennial pause. Have you guys heard about the millennial pause? It's essentially when people, usually millennials, take this breath before they film. It comes back to us not growing up around video technology and therefore us not being used to being able to film each other. So we take this breath before we film because we want to check that the camera is actually recording. Whereas younger people like Gen Z and Gen Alpha grew up with the ability to film others. So when they film themselves, they immediately start talking because they trust that their camera is already filming them. Isn't that mind-blowing? I did a video on it on Tik Tok. It went viral. I got in the sun newspaper. Also got trolled quite a lot. It was a whole moment. So, when you combine the right words, visuals, and pacing, you will end up with an incredible hook. Now, before I show you some real life examples of hooks that have worked well and haven't worked so well, I do want to take a quick second to share a resource that you should be using inside your hooks to level them up. And that resource is Story Blocks. Now, one of my favorite videos that I shared within the last few months is this one. And what you'll notice about this post is that I really nailed the visual element of this hook. All right, within the first few seconds of this post, you'll see some incredible videos pop up on the screen. Now, it may or may not surprise you to know that I did not capture that video footage. That video footage is actually stock media that I obtained from Story Blocks. Now, if you don't know about Story Blocks already, it's a stock media subscription service which gives you unlimited access to highquality videos, images, sound effects, audio, templates, and so much more. They're all about helping creators and businesses enhance their projects without any extra costs and with more peace of mind. Now, there's a couple ways that they do this, right? The first is by offering unlimited stock media downloads at one set price. So, this means that you have everything you need in one place. 4K video, HD video, templates, sound effects, images, and more. And this is all available to you at one predictable monthly cost. So, you don't have to worry about pay-per-click pricing or any hidden fees. Another way that they do this is by offering clearcut licensing. So, any of the assets that you use are actually covered by the highest legal coverage in the industry. so you can really focus on creating and not having to worry about things like copyright strikes. Their stock library is also frequently refreshed, which means it always contains high-quality, diverse content, which really reflects the human experience, which is very important when it comes to storytelling in the world of AI. I do actually have a special treat for you when it comes to joining Storyblocks. You can get three extra months for free when you sign up to their annual plan. Head to storyblocks.com/jadebon to take advantage of this limited time offer. Thank me later. All right, let's do some case studies. Let's compare some good hooks that I've used and some bad hooks that I've used. I'm actually really excited for this section cuz it's going to be incredibly exposing. Let's ease myself into this by starting off with an example of a good hook. This is a hook that I used on a recent post that performed really well for me. I cried over social media this morning. Embarrassing, I know, but I was going through my content and I was struck with this sudden thought. I'm flopping. Now, let's use the three core elements of a successful hook to actually break down why this worked. The first is the words. I actually started this video by talking about something that's quite emotional. Like I was talking about the fact that I had been crying over my content, which is embarrassing, but watch the full video for context. If you open a video with emotional words, exposing words, very vulnerable words, that is a great use of that element of your hook. It's going to grab people's attention. Now, let's look at the visuals, cuz there was a few things going on here. I was walking towards the camera, which created some movement. I had my captions appear on the screen in a very specific style, right? And you'll see this as a pattern. I basically had every word appear as I said it because this encourages my audience to read and listen along. Great for engagement, great for attention. I also had some screenshots and some graphics appear on the screen as well. In terms of the pacing, it was fast. There was no dead air. If I'm being honest, my pacing for all of these examples are pretty much the same. I feel like when you create content for 5 years, you do get to a point where you nail the pace of your content. So, that's pretty consistent across the board. A quick tip for me here before I give you an example of a hook that didn't work so well is I tend to do my hooks multiple times. So, I tend to film at least three different takes of my hooks, and usually the third take is the best take. I don't do that for the rest of my video content, but the hook is so important that I like to give it a little bit extra practice. All right, here's one that didn't work very well. Instagram is constantly changing. Here are a few things that you should be doing to make sure that you don't fall behind. This is actually a really good video. Like, all these videos are probably equally as valuable. One of the main reasons why it doesn't perform as well is simply because the hook wasn't as effective. Now, the words and the pacing of this video was totally fine. I think where this video fell down was on the visuals. There wasn't much going on apart from when I had the big words appear behind my face. Now, whilst that's engaging and interesting, we actually highlighted the wrong words. What we should have highlighted was Instagram because that's the thing that would have grabbed our audience's attention, right? So, I guess a pro tip for me on this one is to make sure when you're crafting your hook, you're doing it with your audience in mind. Another example of a video that worked really well, I had to share this one because at the time of filming, this one has over 11,000 likes. I have never had that many likes on an Instagram video before. Like, that's insane. And it's actually part of a new series that I'm doing because it was so wellreceived. Something weird is happening on Instagram right now. Trends are emerging which are helping creators blow up. Now, all three elements of this hook were just nailed if I do say so myself. The words, me starting off by saying, "Something weird is happening on Instagram right now." 10 out of 10. That is going to immediately grab my audience's attention. It sparks so much curiosity. It makes them think, "Hold on, what's happening on Instagram?" Right? That paired with the visuals, we had a fast zoom. We had the text which was synced with my speech. We had a quick snapshot of all the trends that I was about to break down. And we had the strong headline. This was all within the space of a few seconds, guys. And as I mentioned, the pacing is pretty much standard across the board, but this was a great example of a hook. Now, I feel responsible for sharing this final example because I'm pretty sure I would have given advice to create a hook like this in the past. And look, I'm not going to say I was wrong because this worked at one point in time. It just doesn't work anymore. 80% of adults consume content across multiple formats. This video is actually a cut down of a longer form video. And what that means as a result is that the initial words that were being said weren't that engaging. I led with a stat like 80%. Who cares about a stat? That's not interesting. There was virtually no visuals outside of my captions. And as always, the pacing was pretty decent. But the other two elements were not hitting. And I wanted to share this one because it brings up a really important tip. If you are going to repurpose your long- form videos into reals, you will probably need to film a separate hook for them. And that's okay. They're still worth repurposing. Do not get me wrong. It's just that most of the time when you're repurposing a long form video, you are going to find it incredibly difficult to find a snippet which actually starts with something that will actually be an effective hook in this day and age. Like, you're just going to find it difficult. So, you might need to film a separate one which nails those three elements. All right, I think we've gone pretty deep already, but I'm not going to leave you there. I do want to share some very specific hacks that you can copy from those hooks that I shared that will help you level up your content instantly. Hack one is probably the easiest of all of these hacks and it's to use pauses effectively. You know how earlier on in this video I spoke about not wanting to do the millennial pause. We don't want that. But at times you can actually pause for effect and it can work wonders for your content. I actually have not one but two examples of me doing this. I got ghosted like hundreds of times. We need to talk about Becca Bloom. As you can see, I very much use pauses for effects in both of those videos, and it helps me land what I was trying to say better, right? So, try using pauses in your next hook and see if it works for you. The next hack is definitely the most creatively challenging hack. And this one is about dynamic editing. Now, this one is honestly one of the hardest ones to implement because it requires a lot of time and effort. And that is coming from me, someone who only does the pre-production and the production of my content. I don't do the post-p production. So, I have different editors. I have an editor for my long form, an editor for my short form. I even have someone who helps me schedule and post all of my content as well. So, keep in mind that if I'm saying this is difficult to do, then if you are doing every element of your content creation, please know that this is probably going to be challenging, too. But it is creatively fulfilling. I will say that dynamic editing basically requires you to do something unexpected with the way that you're editing your content. And to be fair, this can also include your filming. For example, you could open with a unique angle like this one, right? This is not an angle that you often see on short form content, although you are seeing it more lately, and that increases the likelihood of it capturing people's attention because it's not something they're used to seeing. Another example, and one that can sometimes take a while to get your head around, is when you mix B-roll and a voice over to make you speaking to the camera a bit more interesting. Here's an example. I'm Jon. I became a full-time content creator in just 6 months. And this is my content to cash series episode 3. Did you notice how I opened with B-roll and then a voice over and then I opened my laptop and spoke directly to the camera? That is dynamic editing. That is something that is unexpected and that is something that is going to make your hook better. That video itself performed so well. It got tens of thousands of views. The final hack I want to share with you is about creative text. Now, I did mention this one previously, but it is worth saying again because it is one of the most effective ways to create an effective hook. This is basically when you get creative with your captions. So, it's about taking your autogenerated captions one step further and actually writing out every word that you say so that it appears on the screen as you say it. What this does is encourage your audience to read the words on the screen as they're appearing, which means that they're reading along as you're speaking. It is incredible when it comes to engagement. Like, think about how much more likely you are to soak in what someone's saying if you're reading what they're saying whilst you're hearing them speak those words to you. Like, it's just a different experience. Great for attention, great for engagement. I really recommend that you try it. If you found this video useful, I recommend watching this one. It's all about the five habits that every creator should do every single week if they want to grow their audience on any platform. Do not forget that you can get three whole Storyblocks on their annual plan. Just head to storyblocks.com/jadebon or click the link in my description to make the most of this limited time offer. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I cannot wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonJason210 [8 likes]: What I'd like to know is what motion graphics templates you used.
  2. @JadeBeason [5 likes]: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  3. @CoachArmin [1 likes]: SOLID ! and SIMPLE ! Took notes. My  videos get like 20 views LOL. I hate promoting them as it gets me NPC subs. Grateful for you making this video for us noobs.
  4. @nelsonbolivar7171 [1 likes]: Don't tell lies. You didn't studied 100+ hooks. You just were talking about a couple of your videos posted online. 😂😂😂😅
  5. @Readtheroombaddies: This is game changer. ❤
  6. @priyalmehta_444: What's a B Roll?
  7. @ViktorPetroOv: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators ignore. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a massive difference, especially with how fast people scroll today 👍

honestly this made me realize why some of my older videos tanked… i was warming up instead of starting strong 😅

definitely one of those videos people need to watch before blaming the algorithm
  8. @AURetrocomps: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators miss. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a huge difference, especially for growth. Definitely taking notes from this one 👏
  9. @SheSoulGlidzzz: As always amazing. I finally past the fear of posting myself 😂😂😂. Understanding have a few diff pages. I want to document and post as a female driver. I enjoy shorts…. 
Would anyone recommend staying with 1 right now? 

I have heard shorts are harder to get followers, monetized… 

Watch hours….. how does it work? @jadebeason ❤you have been 🤙🏾💜☀️🧘🏾🔥🎯 beautiful happy day
  10. @PriyaRaniDYT: Started my YouTube journey recently. Sending success and growth to every creator 🤍
  11. @mannishh02: THANK YOU for SHARING this INFORMATIVE VIDEO 💯👏🏻
  12. @xothinkingofyouxo: great vid but i want to point out that’s not where the millennial pause came from. we definitely grew up filming each other. it’s because on instagram it used to cut off the beginning of the video when you started filming so you had to wait a second.
  13. @simply-passive: Thanks for this !
  14. @tappure: I don’t even watch videos. I mainly just listen to YouTube videos
  15. @yoongigirl2.0: Chatgpt recommend this to me ❤😂
  16. @Calafiori24: how long did it take u to get to 208,000 view from just over 4000 using these hook strategies?
  17. @GioriaOkoliko: Do you pay to use story blocks or are they affordable?
  18. @ethnica2622: I know this should work great for those who are speaking at the camera, but what about creators who are not showing themselves? If have a client with account I’m managing and it’s impossible to make her speak or show her face.
  19. @danelelouw: wow. loved this. I would like to know, what app did you use for the text to go behind your head or that big font which I like very much
  20. @ADawg478: 🔥🔥

- I Studied 1,000 TikTok Shop Hooks, Here's How to ACTUALLY Go Viral (and convert): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you really want your Tik Tok shop videos to do better, you need to focus on making better hooks. Now look, I have analyzed thousands of different Tik Tok shop videos. And sure, I could just give you a list of the top 25 best viral hooks. But that's not what you need. What you need is to understand the psychology, the why behind these videos working and then the tactics on how to actually implement that psychology into your videos. So today I'm going to be showing you the three most important elements that make up a viral hook and then how to actually turn those views into real cold hard cash. I can guarantee that if you implement all the different information I give you today, your videos will perform so much better. I know this because I've made multiple six figures from Tik Tok shop and done well over six figures in a single month. I've also helped coach multiple people that are doing anywhere from 50 to 100K a month. So, the three most important elements of a winning hook are the visual hook, the verbal hook, and the text hook. Now, yes, all the best hooks combine all these three hooks together, but what I wanted to show you is what each element looks like in already proven videos. So, as we go through these examples, yes, some elements will blend together, but we'll just be focusing on things section by section. So, starting with visual hooks, what we want to be doing with a visual hook is to interrupt the viewer's pattern through either movement, shocking images, or something that they just haven't seen before. You know, people are extremely brained, and we need to snap them out of their scroll. Think about it. The people that you are selling to on Tik Tok shop are just doom scrolling, doom scrolling, 67, brain rot, brain rot. And what we need to do is snap them out of that scroll and get them to actually watch our ad. So, let's run through some really good examples of visual hooks. So, starting right here, >> number one, does it work? Does that add up? >> So, what does she do here? First, we have all respect to this lady, but this is a extremely shocking visual. You don't really see that too often. And if you're just scrolling on TikTok and you're doom scrolling and then you see that, you're a lot more likely to stop and be like, "What did I just see?" Then we have movement. She steps back and pulls up her dress. This adds an extra dynamic to our video. >> Number one, does it work? >> Then finally, we have the exact desired transformation within the first couple seconds. This is an extreme transformation and gets people curious and they want to know more about the product, especially if they're suffering from that apron belly. Next up, we have this video right here. >> Mechanic will never tell you this trick, and once you see it, you'll understand why. So yes, there is an auditory element here with the sound of the clanking, but what I wanted to highlight was the visual hook. First, we have movement of the camera. >> Mechanic will never tell you this trick. >> So he is panning throughout the video, but then we also have an extremely interesting visual. Why is there nails in a tire? and once you see it, you'll understand. >> And then we also have a combination of an extremely satisfying visual. This is super cool to see it just get pulled out right away. This snaps someone out of their scroll and makes them want to continue watching the video. This is why this video got over 11 million views. Then we have this video right here with deals with Tai. >> Oh, you'll never go back to mopping. >> What I want you guys to notice is his pattern interruption right at the beginning. >> Oh, he's a master at this. And almost every Deals with Tai video that you see is going to have some element of the camera panning up interrupting the viewer's pattern. If this was just a stationary video and there wasn't any movement in the beginning, this video would have done a lot worse. But then besides that, >> we have an extremely interesting visual at 1 second in. A purple vacuum with steam popping all over the place. And then we have cool lighting in the background with a Christmas tree. This is a very visually stimulating hook and it helps snap people into Tai's ad. Next up, we have this video right here. >> Shave my face with me cuz you see I'm a hairy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This one should be self-explanatory, but you know, you see this insane visual of some woman with her face completely caked on white. You're questioning what the heck are we even seeing right now? This gets someone to actually watch the video to figure it out. Then finally, we have this video from one of my students, Reed, here. And there are a bunch of elements that make this a great visual hook. First off, obviously it's extremely random. He's cooking poop in a pan. That is something that probably no one has seen before. Then we also have this very interesting visual. This angle that we're filming at, usually people would just film from this angle like this and not have this sort of panoramic view, whatever you want to call it. So this is very very stimulating visually because we haven't seen something like this before. But then also within just a couple seconds, >> you wake up like this and go to bed looking like this. We have an extremely shocking visual of bloating. This is showing the pain point in a very painful way to the audience. You know, I feel like that it's a shocking image with shocking visuals and shocking camera angles. So, next up we have our verbal/ auditory hooks. What these do is they transfer emotion either through the energy and words themselves or they are interrupting patterns through either strong words or noises. So, let's jump right into this. First, we have this video right here. So, yes, he does have a pattern interruption with the movement, and yes, he has a text hook here with some pain points. But what I wanted to focus on was just, you know, the the noises that he makes here. >> This moan of feeling so relieved is what actually helps to get people to stop and stay there. They feel the relief of stress. Then he transfers the feeling of being relieved from all that stress. Next up, we have this video from My Family POV. >> My date just got here and I do not approve of this. >> The line was, "My date just got here and I do not approve of this." And what this does is it sparks curiosity. It creates an open loop through the copy that he's saying. I love seeing confrontations like this, so I want to see how this all pans out. Yes, obviously the text hook helped here to further build that curiosity and enhance that emotion, but you know, just focusing on the verbal here. Next up, we have this video, which is a video from my student Ashley, and I'll just play it for you guys right here. Before, after the mama 3, do you see my skin? >> So, obviously, there's a lot of elements that went into this. You know, there's the visual aspect of needles being on her face. There's the text hook, which is sparking curiosity. Was the Korean facelift worth it? There's movement with the camera shaking in the beginning, but we also combine this with the of frustration. So, like I was saying in the beginning, the top hooks in the game combine all these elements, but let's just focus on the first off, it's an interesting noise, which yes, interrupts a person's pattern, but then she's also transferring the emotion of frustration. What is she frustrated about? You know, this works together with the text hook. Was the Korean facelift worth it? Obviously, she's frustrated, so it must have not been. And now I'm curious and I want to see why. Now we have this video by Shop with Jake. >> Uh yeah, that used to be my face. >> But that was then. This is now. No makeup and no filter. >> So what he's doing here is transferring an emotion of feeling disgusted in himself through the way that he's delivering his hook. You know, if he would have said, "Yeah, that was me and I used to look like that." You wouldn't think that he's upset at himself and the video wouldn't have done well. But, you know, because he's saying, "Yeah, that used to be my face." You know, you can tell that he's visibly disgusted with where he used to be, and now he's happy with where he ended up. He's transferring his emotions through his verbal hook. Obviously, having the image helps, but mainly what is working is his verbal delivery. Now, finally, we have this video right here. Obviously, having a big buff guy looking at you into the camera is a great visual hook, but I want to focus on the verbal hook. I'm sick and tired of the obesity epidemic. So, he made this walking path the cheapest price we ever have. >> So, what does he do? He is one saying a controversial statement. I'm sick and tired of the obesity epidemic. But then he's also using extremely strong language. Obesity epidemic. These are words that you don't really hear too much and they have strong emotional connotations. Finally, we have text hooks. What these can do is either spark extra emotion through the copy, you know, adding extra context to the story, but then this could also help to sell your product. So, first, let's look at this video right here. And what I'm going to do is cover up the text hook so I can show you really what it means to add context to a story. So, let's play >> If you have an old ass, >> so sure, that is a cool visual hook. Sure, the the auditory sound of the song playing is awesome, but you know, I don't think that this video would have done 39 million views if it didn't have the text hook. So, what actually was the text hook and what was the context that was added to the story? So, it was this right here. That's actually illegal with the finger and the nerd emoji. What this does is it adds a whole another layer to the story that's being told here. And we're obviously making fun of someone that doesn't watch shows while they drive. And this did an amazing job. And as we'll see from the top comment on this video, you know, why are you watching shows while driving? This obviously triggered a lot of people, you know, almost 40 million of them. So, this adds that extra context. Next, we have this video right here. >> The heck? >> Um, yes. >> Yo, I left my wallet in the gas station. >> So, you know, we don't really know what's going on here. We don't have any context. Why is he walking up and knocking? Okay, maybe this could have gone viral. Probably not. But when we have the hook text, oh, she got busted. We understand why this guy is approaching the car. And we can hear from the voice that, you know, it's a she that's a narrator. >> The heck, >> okay, he's catching her doing something bad. We know that because of the hook text. So, besides from adding that context to a story, you can also sell your product, showing the main benefit in just a couple words. Barberhop in a box. Boom. Perfect. We know exactly what the product is and how it can benefit our life. We can have the same quality of a barber shop at home, but you know, just put it in this tiny little box that makes me want to buy this product more. Then, as we'll see here, we can use text hooks as a way to add extra social proof. You know, we have a real testimonial. Thank you. I smoked for 22 years. The use case. this works so good and I'm on my second bundle. I love the product. Then we also have her comment right here. I'm 50 and have no Botox. It works wonders. You know, perfect. Adding this extra social proof that the product works extremely well. So, now that we know the winning elements that go into a viral Tik Tok shot video, how do we actually get those increased views to convert? And I'll answer that question right here. So, we've established that we don't want a lot of eyeballs. We want a lot of the right eyeballs. So, what does that actually mean in a Tik Tok shot video? So, I'll show you an example, a real life example from my videos in the past. And you know, I'm not the most proud of these videos. I was doing a conspiracy style, but there is something to be learned from these. So, let me just show you these two hooks and we'll talk about the difference that was made in profit from both of them. >> They're trying to cancel him for exposing energy drinks. Watch this next clip very carefully because you might not hear this information anywhere else. >> Great. So, they're trying to cancel him for exposing energy drinks. Watch this next clip very carefully because you might not hear this anywhere else. Perfect. What this video did is it attracted 15 million energy drink drinkers to watch my video. That's why I made, you know, over $160,000 of profit from this video alone. I was selling Neurogum. And the direct worse alternative to Neurogum is an energy drink. So, this is my exact target audience, exactly who I want to watch my video, because these are the exact types of people that are going to buy Neurogum in the first place. Things that I did to attract these people are in my headline. Red Bull doesn't want you to know this, so why doesn't Red Bull want me to know this? Only people that know Red Bull and like Red Bull are actually going to watch the video. Then my verbal hook. They're trying to cancel him for exposing energy drinks. Again, I'm talking to energy drinkers. This is getting this audience of people who drink energy drinks. So, I have my hook and I have my body. And, you know, this body was proven to convert at over $160,000 of profit. So, why on earth did a video with almost the same exact body make only $3,000 of profit? Sure, this one only got 5 million views and this one got 15 million views, but with that logic, this video should have done like $53,000 of profit instead of just three. Well, the answer to why this video didn't convert well is because of the audience that I attracted. So, let me just play the hook. Why is nobody talking about what Joe Rogan was caught handing out on TV? They are not chewing gum and it's the real reason that celebrities can stay so focused all the time. And he just accidentally exposed what this stuff is. Watch this. >> And then it's the same exact script as the first one. And then after that, that's the only place where the differences are between these two videos. And you know the reason that this video didn't do as well because instead of attracting 15 million energy drink drinkers, I attracted 5 million conspiracists. And that is not the type of person that is going to buy Neurog secret celebrity brain supplement. I'm making it seem like it's like this elitist conspiracy, a denocchrome, whatever. I'm making it by saying they're not chewing gum and this is the real reason celebrities stay so focused seem like some drug and this is changing who is actually attracted to watch my video. This is why the video isn't converting. So what can we learn from this is that in our hooks we need to make sure that we are targeting the exact person who will actually buy our product. You know we can get millions of views but if we get millions of the wrong views that's not what we want. So now when you're making your hooks, yes, I want you to focus on the visual hook, the verbal hook, the text hook, and combine all three of those to make something that's super scroll stopping, but I also want you to make something that is going to be targeting buyers and not just viewers. So I hope that this video helped you guys. If you found value from this, I'd really appreciate it if you subscribe to the channel. Helps me know that I'm going on the right track and that you guys are actually enjoying the content I'm putting out. Anyways, if you have any questions, just feel free to DM me on Tik Tok. My username is Benjamin Jordan. And again, I hope this helped and I hope you guys have a great day. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @veterancasting [4 likes]: Thank you for the clear and concise explanations. This really helped cement this in my brain.
  2. @yeevang8751 [1 likes]: This is amazing! Found you from TikTok! Which website are you using to create this presentation? Thanks for sharing!
  3. @BigDogTwoWeens: So good! Do you have a beginner’s course or can you recommend someone for beginners?
  4. @lynnmarie3020: This was sooo good! Thank you!
  5. @LFMM7: You are a liar . You did not analyze 1,000 videos. I know 😅
  6. @DiscobotGaming: Yoo thank you so much! I knew my hooks were lacking and watching this video cleared things up! I've posted a good amount of videos getting good exposure but no conversions... yet. Just got to keep on trying and thinking of attention grabbing hooks
  7. @monicapainter11: Excellent video
  8. @Jayyyboyle1: Amazing presentation and format, super helpful thanks!
  9. @StejamTravels: Amazing video bro
  10. @JordanJ-l3p: thanks ben great vid
  11. @ethandiedricks2349: amazing breakdown, legend
  12. @jeffstone209: Great info

- The NEW Way To Beat Instagram’s Algorithm in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If your Instagram insights look like this, and it seems like the algorithm is just not on your side, I actually got some great news, because today I'll show you an actionable system you can follow to go from no growth to basically yes growth. For example, this creator was stuck in the algorithm jail not being able to hit more than 2,000 views or something like this, felt like this invisible ceiling and nothing seemed to work, to actually using this exact strategy that I'm about to show you to create a few breakout videos and get the algorithm back on their side, now consistently hitting a few hundred thousand views all the time. Or this creator who had pretty great content, but the algorithm just didn't want to open up, right? Felt like this shadow ban, but as you can see right here, things are finally starting to happen. All thanks to this new framework, basically we got our clients through. I'll walk you through here step-by-step today. And we're going to do all of this, obviously using data-driven decisions, taking a look at hard facts basically and reacting accordingly. The first thing we need to understand is why don't you get any reach, right? What is the actual reason behind that? And you can actually figure that out pretty easily. Usually among my clients, or actually all the time, we do what we call a bottleneck analysis, similar to what we do in hopefully from now on in our monthly live sessions here on YouTube. Also, we had a video recently where I walked you through some of this process. But for now, let's actually just focus on the algorithm part, because that is actually a big one for a lot of you guys, because a lot of the times the algorithm is simply confused and doesn't know what to do with your content, which to be honest is kind of an issue. And I think Instagram is aware of this, but that's what we're going to fix right here. So first of all, you have to understand the algorithm basically works in a way that it takes a look at how people in your audience react to your content. It's not just this though, because I'm pretty sure the algorithm also categorizes you, whether you are an actual creator who creates with a purpose, or somebody who's just doing this whole thing for fun and using Instagram mainly as a, not even as a platform, but as something to share fun content and to connect with people and your friends. I've been kind of predicting this for a while, but finally, we can actually see this firsthand in some of the accounts. If you go to your followers, some people can see a tab called creators among their followers. Basically people who the algorithm considers being a creator. Now, the problem is with this, the algorithm needs to categorize you as a creator, because otherwise it wouldn't make any sense for the algorithm to even push out your content. And this is where most people run into issues. And this is what we're going to fix right here. A lot of times the algorithm has people categorized wrong, either as being not a creator at all, or as being a creator, but for the wrong audience. For example, if you've pivoted your content at some point, or if you've had, took a break for months or years, and now you're back. And usually that happens if people that follow you just don't really react to your content. One of the big issues that I see working with lots of people is if mainly the creators, friends or family are commenting and sharing and basically engage with the content in a forced way, because they want to support and want to help. This actually messes up way more than you think. And if you think you were part of this whole thing, this is where the strategy comes into play. And this is where the strategy really shines. Now, at this point, you've probably heard about trial reels, right? This new feature, basically to test your reel before posting it to your audience. It was kind of a hype thing at first. It seems like a lot of people use this whole feature the wrong way, because if you know how to use it, it's actually pretty powerful and it can make a whole lot of difference. Because using this and the way I'll show you right now, will get you laser targeted followers and help the algorithm finally understand who your target audience actually is. Here's the basic gist of what you should be doing. First of all, go to your analytics. We're going to need to identify the content that actually gives us followers that align with your content. So go to your insights and find reels in the past, mostly, let's say in the past year that not only gave you the most views, obviously that helps, but actually try to find the reels that gave you the most followers. Then once you have this, simply take these exact videos that you figured out and just repost them with the same exact caption as a trial reel. And again, with the intention of never actually posting it to your main grid, because it's already there. That alone will force the algorithm to find an audience that resonates with your content, because it's proven already, because you've gotten some followers in the past with the same reel. It's going to find some people who are actually interested in your content. Now, here's the thing that most people kind of misunderstand. As of right now, and this is a powerful thing, there doesn't seem to be any type of restriction on how often you can actually repost the same reel in the trial reels. By the way, the same reel in your feed as well, it's a whole nother can of worms. You can literally repost your content a month later without changing it. The algorithm's not suppressing it or anything. People think that. It's actually wrong. I have bulletproof data on that. But basically, you can literally, as a trial reel, repost the same content every week, the exact same content every week, and help the algorithm basically find a new audience. This especially helps if you're somewhat of a newer account or you don't have a lot of traction, and you can force the algorithm to find new people without having to basically create new pieces of content that kind of get burned out that nobody sees anyway. You can basically use your hard work and push this out for weeks, for months, maybe for years. Probably not, but you get the idea. What's really important is that you don't forget to post your regular stuff on your main feed as well. That's very, very important. If you don't do that, this whole strategy is not going to work because these new people that will come through the trial reels to your profile, if they don't see you're active, then people are not going to follow you, right? But people need to see that you're actually active, that you post content, and then you also have ideally the exact same content they found you through the trial reels somewhere on the feed because otherwise they'll get confused. And we don't want confused people because confused people just leave the app and find something else. If you have this whole thing going on for yourself, people are going to follow you, and you're going to see that in the stats. And just this thing itself will push the algorithm one step at a time closer towards understanding who your audience really is and basically getting the algorithm on your side again, because the people who follow you recently are the ones that the algorithm really takes a look at. Now, one thing that a lot of people don't really understand is they expect to blow up with the trial reels. It doesn't matter, actually. You don't need to blow up with trial We just need to have this mindset of one step at a time, slowly pushing your way into the right direction, basically. Every once in a while, it will blow up. We've had some clients in the past week where some reels got them literally four or 5K followers. Obviously cool, but don't expect this. Now, obviously that's not all because you wouldn't be here, obviously, if we weren't to go a lot deeper in this whole thing. So let me show you something even more powerful. Once you have your trial reels running, the first thing you want to do is go to your analytics of these trial reels. You're going to be able to really check out how your content is performing, especially in terms of the hooks. And as a first step, I want you to kind of get a feeling for how your hooks perform to a cold audience. If they're below 30% or 25%, very bad. If they're above 30, 35, 40%, 50%, perfect, right? So that's the first thing you kind of need to fix if you really don't get there. Now, the next thing I really want you to do, and this kind of helps you with this whole thing already, from now on, whenever you create content, before recording, you know, when you write the script, think of at least three hooks, maybe even more, for each reel that you create different hooks. This whole thing could be either a simple text hook change where nothing is different from your basically spoken hook, or it could be a totally different scene altogether. So a totally different hook angle altogether. And then you basically have a bunch of different yet same videos that you can all post as trial reels one after another and simply compare the metrics, but not just the heart metrics, obviously the heart metrics, like the three second views to kind of understand what type of hook performs better with your audience. But these things can be skewed, obviously, if the algorithm hasn't really found out your audience yet. So also kind of see, okay, generally, what is the reach with a hook like this? How many people follow me because of this hook, if you get what I mean. And also as another thing to really kind of go deep into understanding your audience, because here's the thing, you don't just want the algorithm to understand your audience. Ideally, you understand your audience yourself, or at least the content that you create and what type of audience it attracts. And these trial reels can really, really help you a lot with that, especially if you don't reach a lot of non-followers. What you want to do is you can literally click yourself through the people who engage with you, who follow you through a trial reel or who like you, and basically go on a stalking spree, right? In your notifications feed, for example, if you see XYZ started following you from a reel, you can actually just click on this text thing and you'll see the reel they actually came from, even if it's a trial reel. So you're going to see, but it doesn't matter if it's a trial reel or not, or the likes or the comments. And basically what you want to do is check them out. Who are they following? Who are those people? Are they actually part of, potentially part of your target audience? Are these people really aligned with your goals and with your content that you want to do? If not, you might want to rethink your strategy, right? Your messaging, your hooks, your content. So before I put the system I just talked about into somewhat of an order, if you're truly serious about creating, scaling, building your content strategy to be, to truly become the number one creator in your industry, we actually have a few spots available again for our hands-on and recently refined creative mentorship program, where we basically do all of the heavy lifting for you, right? The whole research phase, the initial research, the strategy, we'll actually install our data-driven content framework into your unique situation, right? Because obviously it's different for everybody. And we actually just had some awesome breakthroughs among our clients last week. For example, somebody grew, I think about 400 ,000 followers in about two weeks after we basically only started to implement our initial strategy based off of our data-driven research. So if you want to mentor my whole team, me, multiple live sessions, feedback, whole bunch of stuff. And if you want us to do the heavy lifting for you, go to the link in the description, hop on a call with my community manager, Florian. He doesn't bite. Don't worry about it. We're not going to force you to work with us or make this whole thing uncomfortable. We just basically want to see where you're at, if we can help you even, and actually how we can help you if we can. With that being said, these are your action steps to crush this whole thing, get the algorithm back on your site within the next few weeks. First of all, you're going to want to identify your personal top performing content of the past year. If you don't really have top performing content, by the way, trust your guts, look at a content piece. And even if it doesn't have a lot of views or didn't give you a lot of followers, if you really think it has the potential to attract that perfect target audience for you, use that, right? And then you want to take all of these content pieces and repost them exactly without changing anything as a trial reel. You can literally post trial reels daily. Once you have this, change up the hook, sometimes the text hook, sometimes record maybe a different hook, basically repost this existing content again. There's literally no limits. The algorithm doesn't limit it. And also don't forget to post regularly on your feed because otherwise your conversion rate of these people coming over to follow you will drop quite a bit. You don't want that to happen, obviously, because the algorithm really takes a look at the new people on your profile. Are they going to follow or not? And how did they react? Finally, to make this whole thing even more powerful, like really, that's like the cheat code. You want to attach a many chat automation to some of your trial reels, but doing so can really help the algorithm understand more about your audience and push you into the creator category quicker because these people, there's actually people in your target audience that interact with you where a whole DM conversation starts, a comment train starts. And this really does a lot to help the algorithm figure this out. I actually made a walkthrough just a few weeks ago, guiding you through this exact process. So combine this whole thing that we just talked about today with this video right there, execute this whole thing, and finally get out of this Instagram jail.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lovegamecheat [202 likes]: as a project manager, I’ve observed a frustrating trend where emerging new generation creators rely on platforms such as LikesForMe to boost their presence. It’s disappointing to see 'secret strategies' being used as a smokescreen for what is essentially an unfair advantage.
  2. @heyDominik [30 likes]: I made a STEP-BY-STEP guide on how to use Trial Reels effectively (free): 👉 https://iginsiders.com/trial
  3. @YinYang-n2o [2 likes]: 1 the most destructive factor (some just lucky enough to enjoy the destructive mechanism of the Government's effects)
Inflation turns capitalism into a filtering system — businesses either move upmarket or disappear 

,,We no longer need to talk about any Algorithms'' if you understand how the world moving you'll understand how things will turn out 

- Algorithms reward predictability, not exploration. If you don’t already “fit,” your work can disappear no matter how honest or interesting it is.
- Algorithms punish mistakes
- Local gatekeeping
- It’s less about images and more about maintaining rank. Newcomers who don’t play along get quietly ignored
- Metrics replaced mentorship

The fact that Instagram needs your exact location to push your content out is just ridiculous.
  4. @alan_gmr [1 likes]: I cannot get even a 100 views haha
  5. @RtR_editz1 [1 likes]: I joined your free course or trick, it will automatically come to mail, but it not came
  6. @angelescu_mircea: Trial reels appear when you already have 200 followers, so its hard for beginner account to grow
  7. @vani_tandon: nice breakdown of instagram growth strategy, steps kaafi practical lag easily implement ho sakta hai, good one 👍
  8. @Rankboom-m: But what about reposting content 🎉
  9. @shadrackkiren451: never thought of it like this lol
  10. @AyushRoga-ji2fq: this makes way more sense now
  11. @AIGENERATED-FOR: thanks for breaking it down so easy
  12. @carseditx_3: the creator vs business account bit finally made sense. i switched back and my reach dipped hard, so yeah, maybe i messed up. also, Gainsty tbh
  13. @Onechalk: I want to algorithm to start the purge
  14. @VanillababyVIB: you need 1k followers to post trial reels
  15. @Vortex54-e5h: 🎉
  16. @OakenTheCat: Oh my goodness! Look at that squish face 😍🥰 so much attention to details toooo
  17. @vedant.156: Your GPTs have been really helpful. Thanks a lot for sharing those
  18. @hamzamansor1040: My video always less I’m sooo tired 😢
  19. @robboogie1: May be a dumb question, but does it matter as much for trial reels if you post during peak hours or not?
  20. @apurvkulkarni908: There is no trial reel on Instagram... 🥲🥲 Guess they removed that option for new creators

- how I gained 950,000 Instagram followers (copy this system): Kind: captions Language: en I'm about to hit a million followers on Instagram, all without spending a dime on ads. When everyone else was chasing the algorithm, posting 10 times a day, I did something that most people would say is impossible. [music] In this video, I'm going to show you the three systems across content, design, and funnels, and show you how each part of this Instagram flywheel feeds the next part to make [music] things grow exponentially. Let's get into it. Part one, exponential content creation. The first part of the flywheel solves the biggest problem that every entrepreneur faces. How to go and create enough content without just becoming some creator that's stuck on the content hamster wheel. This is where most entrepreneurs get it wrong. They think they need to be creating content every single day, but sure enough, this is just a recipe for burnout. Now, the reality is there has to be a better way. And this is where the content waterfall system comes in. You know, just last month, I wrote a post on systems thinking, and that one core idea became a pillar piece of content in a YouTube video. I was then able to take clips from that and turn it into three Instagram Reels, three TikTok posts, and three YouTube Shorts, as well as a newsletter for 6 weeks later, three LinkedIn posts, and three X threads. This allows you to take one idea and repurpose it, so you're not on the content hamster wheel. The key is having templates that never change, so you can just keep on swapping out ideas and feeding them into the same formats. This is how you go and create content and become multiplied as a founder. All right, so right here you can see that I have one LinkedIn post pulled up, right? I've hired 90-plus high performers in the last 3 years. Here are eight traits I see in every high performer. And so, in this post, I get into the eight core traits like grit, relentless resourcefulness, optimism, constant learning, not being an you know, being fun to be around, growth mindset, and enjoying responsibility. This one post was something that I woke up to on a Monday, had this idea for this post that I thought would be a banger, wrote it out, and that was that. Now, I'm going to show you how this one pillar piece of content for LinkedIn went and became 20-plus other pieces of content. So, here you can see on Instagram, we've taken that same piece of content from LinkedIn and then turned it into >> [music] >> an Instagram carousel. And so, we have eight rare traits I see in every high performer. This is over 21,000 likes, over 9 million views, right? But it's the same content from LinkedIn. So, we've simply just repurposed this into a carousel and good to go, right? At the end of this, the cool thing, too, is that we use the ManyChat feature, which I'll show you here in just a couple minutes, to go and get people to comment the word coffee, and when they do that, there's an automation that happens in my DMs on Instagram that drives people from the DMs to a workshop that I'm running in about 10 days. So, from here, you can see same deal on X. Inside of X, I've gone and combined that same post with this really high-value image that I had my team create. We posted this up, and it generates another 250,000 views, right? So, this is the power of the content waterfall, you know, in action, right? You can see that that first post got around 3 million views, but the subsequent posts have gotten around 10x that. And so, it also becomes an X thread. This one, in this case, got 1.8 million views, and again, it's just that same content from LinkedIn. So, no more work on my side, no new content creation, it's simply just maximizing the content, time, and energy that I put into that original post and getting the maximum amount out of it. So, same deal here. This is now gone and become a community post on YouTube. It's also going to become a long-form YouTube video that you'll see coming out on my channel in the next few weeks. And then, we also are able to go and repurpose it again on LinkedIn in around 3 months later. You know, what you're seeing here is content multiplied. So, the cool thing is is that you have an enormous amount of potential to use these kinds of systems when you have your template set up. You know, I have templates for things like carousels on Instagram or the different ways that we do stories on Instagram, so that I don't need to go and come up with new formats constantly. We can just reuse the stuff that we've seen work and then just sub in new content. This makes it easier for me to think about the content ideas I need to create cuz I know the format they're going to be in. It's also way easier for my designer, Jan, to go and then take my ideas and then format them into a way that we know will work. When you have formats that work, it just makes your life easier. But let me go and show you a little bit behind the scenes of the formats that I've seen work on Instagram over the last 90 days, so you can go and use them for your account. All right, so here we are in my Instagram dashboard. We're looking at the insights over the last 90 days, and we'll rank my content by the most amount of views. And so, here you can see some interesting patterns as to the kind of content that's performing best, as well as the formats that are absolutely hitting on the platform. Here's an example, you can see that a lot of the different formats that are working are this one style of carousel. So, again, it's pretty simple, right? It's just got the bits of advice over about eight slides, and then the final slide of the carousel then leads people to a DM automation, getting them to go and comment 30 in this case to get my 30-day CEO transformation playbook. So, when they comment 30 on the post, we then go and DM them a playbook and also get their phone number and email in exchange for that. These people then go and join the Foundr newsletter, which is the only newsletter to help you go and scale your personal brand. And inside of there, they may eventually become leads to my different portfolio companies. And so, this is not just how to grow your Instagram, but also how to drive from content all the way through to profit. So, in terms of some other patterns we can see here, first off, they're all carousels, right? Carousels are the core format that is blowing up on Instagram. Also, some of the key ways you can see I'm starting this content are with numbers like eight, nine, and 10. You can see a lot of them start with words like how to or how I. Most of these posts have some sort of number on that first slide. You can leverage this to go and use this sort of format for your own Instagram. I don't put much text on each slide. That way, it's super scrollable, and our goal, too, is on each slide of the carousel to be making it where it's easy for someone to go and share that to their stories and it makes sense. It just results in more shares, and more shares equal more virality. 4 hours a week can create content for your entire week. Here's how it breaks down. 1 hour is dedicated to actually going and planning out over 20 different hooks. From there, hours two and three can be spent actually filling in that content with the relevant, you know, systems, blueprints, playbooks, and deep dives. After that, you want to make sure that you have all the right CTAs set up on the content, so you can drive people from content to leads, and then create any relevant lead magnets that are needed for those pieces of content, so you're able to drive the leads through to the lead magnet and eventually sell those people. This is the content-to-revenue bridge, and this is how you build your own profitable personal media company. Part two, magnetic brand design. Now, here's the part that separates successful accounts from everyone else just posting into the void. It's about getting people to actually stop the scroll and follow you. Most content gets scrolled past in just 0.3 seconds, but I'm going to show you how to actually go and stop the scroll. All right, so here we're going to go and open up my Instagram, and I'm going to give you a bit of a deep dive as to how I look at things. Here you can see, first off, clean profile picture and the one-liner, proven systems to grow a profitable audience with content. So, it's super clear why you should follow me and what exactly I can help you with. From there, we have an automation set up via ManyChat, which I'll show you here in a second, that allows people to go and learn more about Foundr OS and how they can scale their personal brand with us. Now, from there, you can see over the last 30 days, the strategy I'm showing you here has driven us over 34.9 million views. The cool thing there, too, is that we've done that all without spending a dime on ads. Now, the grid here kind of has this light-dark-light-dark sort of effect, right? And then you can see I'm using those Instagram insights we saw to go and make sure that, you know, each post and carousel has that white background, black text. I have a few different formats here, right? We have cut-downs from my long-form videos as one format. So, this is a cool way of using that content waterfall system from a YouTube video and using those for cuts on our Instagram Reels. We obviously have our carousel format, which cranks and typically has eight slides with a call to action at the end. I then have raw videos where I just film these off of my iPhone, send it to my social team, and then use Instagram's [music] edits functionality to just simply go and edit up a Reel using the platform and then post it. Pro tip there is it's a lot better to go and actually edit your Reels inside of Instagram because it's going to be more promoted via their algorithm. In addition to that, we like to go and create just other creative trending topics. So, I'll oftentimes go and save different inspiration on Instagram into my different collections. So, you can see in my saved collections, I have a bunch here, right? But I have a whole brand collection that has a bunch of cool branded videos and such that have inspired me. And so, I'll oftentimes use the inspiration in my different Instagram collections. We also have an OS Content Studios Instagram messaging group where if I find different content or my team does that we really like, we may go and use those formats to go then and become different formats for our upcoming Reels. You know, as a team, we're constantly going and sharing different stuff that we love. We're saving it to different collections. We have a weekly content meeting where we're all sharing different inspiration. And what this allows us to do is essentially just go and crowdsource the best formats and ideas. And so, it's basically 50% carousels and 50% Reels, and this is what's allowed me to grow my followers upwards of 90,000 per month. Not every month, but that's many months, and it just shows you the power of this content strategy. [music] The truth is that taste is the ultimate competitive advantage. And in every nine parts of your grid on Instagram, you should be telling a complete story. You know, when you look at my grid, you can see that every piece of it is intentional. Three colors, two core formats, and one key message in everything that we do. When you go and hit my profile, about 20% of people on average go and then follow me compared to most accounts where it's just around 1%. So, that's 20x more follows than the average person. You know, when you go and you communicate a clean brand, people can tell. It's kind of like, you know, a luxury brand, right? People really focus on things like being handmade, make sure there's a story and heritage behind it, and that people can see the craftsmanship that went into every piece of it. I approach Founderless and my personal brand the same way. I want people to understand the story behind what we're building. This idea that, you know, we're trying to do for founders what, you know, Apple did for creatives in the '70s and Nike did for athletes in the '80s. I'd recommend making sure that you're intentional about every piece of content you create. For carousels, it's things like the copy on each slide, the design, the caption you put on it, and the way that you run different automations on the platform. For things like stories, it's being authentic, showing behind the scenes, and giving people a glimpse into your actual life. For Reels, it's being authentic, taking your phone. You don't need any fancy equipment, and just recording who you are, what you're up to, and taking pride in your hooks. Because if you can't go and nail the first 3 seconds, well, you're not going to capture anyone's attention. And I approach my Instagram grid with the same level of craftsmanship. You know, I want people to go and arrive on my profile and have an amazing first impression. Here's how to make your content so recognizable that they know it's yours before they even see your name. The key thing is to make sure, number one, that you have your formats nailed down. Number two is that you have a clean brand aesthetic that is visually appealing, but also recognizable. For me, it's using the same font, the same colors, and making sure that I'm using the overall same content categories. Which leads me to the third part, which is that you should generally have some content buckets you go for. For me, it's things like, you know, helping founders with systems, it's personal stories, and then it's giving you organic content strategies. The three of these combined equal my brand online and the promise for why people should even follow me in the first place. It's one part value, one part storytelling, one part behind the scenes. And the merger of this is what builds my powerful personal brand. You know, in a world where people are posting stuff all of the time, you know, it's important that you actually take a step back and try to define, you know, [music] what your brand aesthetic is and how you're going to stand out versus other people. I think there are a few awesome tools for this, including Cosmos, Pinterest, >> and MyMind. You know, these tools allow you to go and save some beautiful designs and concepts all across the internet. So, that the next time you're looking to go and evolve your brand, first off, you can go and create your own brand mood board. You know, when you've created your brand mood board, you're thinking about images, colors, videos that encapsulate the general vibe you're going for. This is what then translates into the formats you create. So, let's break down this aesthetic and how it all comes together. Well, first off, I'm going to bring you into our company Figma. You know, Figma is a design tool that allows you to go and organize all of your design resources in your company and then share them and work on them as a team. And so, here we have as an example our grid preview, right? This is typically what our grid will look something like, a mix of amazing photos, videos, and carousels. And so, here you can also see it kind of has that light and dark pattern, right? So, that it just visually looks stimulating. We also have sort of a photo or video and then carousel pattern. So, it all looks consistent. I mean, as you scroll the feed, you can tell it's intentionally put together. When it comes to the carousels themselves, we have guidelines for all of this stuff. Again, intentionality is everything. So, here's a bit of the anatomy of our paper carousels. First off, we have a background with blurred text. It has that paper texture, right? So, there's different irregularly shaped backgrounds of that blurred out paper, so that, you know, it looks like there's a real book you're reading in a way that has that kind of translucent effect. We then have the keyword of the hook always in italic and bold, right? So, in this case, how to make your personal brand uncopyable. That uncopyable word, it. In addition to that, you can see that we always go and put the text in a minimal-looking way, centering it inside of the carousel, right? So, that there's a title, there's a body, and we will bold any key phrase. This makes it highly shareable where people can't help but go and share an individual slide to their stories, only further boosting that carousel in Instagram's algorithm. There's a lot of science behind this art, as you can see. From there, we also love to go and sprinkle in these minimalist graphics, things like graphs, charts, different illustrations to kind of mix it up a bit. And so, it's not just our carousels, right? We have, you know, Google Docs as well. You know, for each of our carousels, we oftentimes go and have a lead magnet that we give at the end of them. The lead magnet people get by going and putting in a certain keyword in the comments, and then we go and DM them that via ManyChat. I at this point have created over 140 lead magnets over the last 2 years, everything from hiring to a CEO scorecard to creating intentional content on things like YouTube and LinkedIn. And so, it's these lead magnets that actually currently drive around 80% of the revenue to Founderless, which is pretty nuts. You wouldn't imagine it, but things like Google Docs and Google Slides can be that powerful. Here you can see a wall of these paper carousels. You know, we make a lot of these, about three per week, you know, 12 per month, and it's a high-performing content format. Let's move on to another format here. In this case, you can see this different sort of texture, which is just kind of more of like an old vintage paper sort of texture, okay? We've gone and we've curated different references from Pinterest that we really liked and then leveraged these to create our own format. In this case, you know, we have these carousels that are kind of on a crinkled piece of paper that follow more or less the same pattern I just showed you. In addition to that, you know, we're showing my key framework. So, the key thing here is not just the design in terms of the visuals, it's also the design as it pertains to the copy. It's clear, not clever. It's at an eighth-grade reading level. I'm making sure that I'm making content that's super simple, so I'm describing complex ideas in a simple way, so it's highly shareable. And we're breaking it down in ways that you can understand it simply using systems, rhythms, blueprints, things that will allow you to package it up nicely and be able to tell it to your friend in a way that just makes sense. We always, always at the end of these carousels have, you know, a lead magnet that we give away, so that, again, we're being insanely generous with our content. My hope is that below a given carousel, people go and comment, "I can't believe this is free." And we make it impossible for them to not share it, you know, with 10 of their friends. And that's what success looks like. So, let's move on to the different story formats that we have here as well, okay? So, when it comes to stories, those are a little bit different. The key thing I do here is oftentimes is take photos when I'm out and about in different cities. I save those to my camera roll, and every Friday I do a mass upload to my Slack, to my designer and my social media manager, so they can go and post these throughout the week. The key thing is that you want to give people a little bit of behind the scenes to what you're up to. And so, here you can see different examples of, you know, posts around the founder hikes that we do all around the world. In this case, we're inviting people to go and do a founder hike in Lisbon. When they go and comment hike here, we then add them to a WhatsApp group, then drop an AllTrails location to an upcoming hike that we have. In addition to that, we also have these kind of raw stories that I also do to promote different YouTube videos as they come out. We publish YouTube videos every Tuesday and every Friday core systems that I use to run my portfolio of online businesses, and a big promotion engine for those YouTube videos is Instagram. This is the powerful thing about having an omnipresent content strategy is that you can be using the growth on your Instagram to help feed the other platforms that you exist on. In addition to that, you you can also see that, you know, we're going and sharing, again, YouTube videos in different formats. One thing I've learned here is that when you share YouTube videos, it's good to really sell people on the exact concept and what they can find in it, because you're not just trying to drive the click, you want to actually drive watch time of that video as well. If you're just driving people and then they bounce on the YouTube video, it may actually cause it to get worse performance. So, little insider tip there. So, here's a little bit more of the inside scoop of how we got my profile to over 950,000 followers. In the background here, right? You can see some of our top-performing formats. And the cool thing is, right, that these all look relatively the same. Today, you can see the strategy, you know, alone from these carousels is driving over 14 million views, and our account is growing at over 58% month over month. Part three, connecting content to revenue. But even if you master the last system, this is where millions of beautiful Instagram accounts go to die, because they get millions of followers, but make zero dollars. And so, I'm going to show you how to go and fix that. Go and survey people that are your customers and ask them things like, "What's your biggest goal this year? What's your biggest challenge? And if I could wave a magic wand, what problem would you want me to help you with?" From there, you can go and get a list of stuff and say a type form, upload it to ChatGPT, and say, "Hey, go and create 100 content ideas in how-to formats and how-I formats that go and solve these core problems for my dream customer." The key thing here is that we're actually going and helping people with the stuff that they genuinely care about. And when your content solves that, it's only natural that they go and then go and work with you. Let me show you how I go and connect engagement on Instagram with real revenue and a real sales process. So, what I'm going to share with you is one of the most powerful systems that lives inside Instagram. It's called ManyChat. It allows us to collect information, emails, phone numbers, and then send followers free value. This is how I've grown an insane audience through automations, and what I'm going to go and break down the exact automation flow for you here. Now, one of the main thing I want to show you here is our DM center, right? This is where we go and have all of our different automations and give away all of the free resources that you see on my Instagram carousels. There's two kinds of resources here. Ones that add value and then ones that add visibility. And I'm going to break them down for you a bit here. These are all of the free systems that I give away on my Instagram. We organize them into a folder called free resources and then inside of that you can go and see a lot of the best resources like, you know, my 1% CEO transformation systems. This is also where I give my 21 days of profit acceleration email course, my 7-day AI email course. It all happen via these automation. First thing here is that the user engages with our content right via a comment or a DM. From there, then when they comment the word 50, that keyword then is a trigger for the free resource. So we have triggers for a ton of different stuff like 15, 30, free, you name it. It triggers different lead magnets in different automations in ManyChat. What we then do is then have a welcome message that people get. That welcome message also goes and tags that lead, gives them the resource, and then also make sure they're added to our CRM in HubSpot so that a lead is linked with a core resource that they came in from, which allows us to then register them in a way that we can then have that data to market to them in new and interesting ways knowing the kinds of stuff that they're into. So in this case someone's really into systems and personal branding. So we're going to go and give them access to that free resource once they've gone and given us their email and potentially their phone number. So from there, there are different pathways people go, right? The first step is that they want the resource and we give it to them and they go down that path. The second path is that they say that they're not interested and then the whole automation just stops. The second step then is once the user has engaged, we then give them the content and they're actually going to go and get this whole resource which typically is it either in a Google Doc or in Google Slides. All along the way we're tagging different people, right? So this is all getting organized into a robust way, but it also feels very organic and super human. Right? We're making sure that the messages are actually handcrafted by me so that they sound like me. So we're trying to give an insane amount of generosity, make it feel human, while also going and showcasing the power of our automations and systems. And so if a founder goes and wants a given lead magnet, they just click yes, we'll send it over to their email, and voila, they have it. You know, I think that so many people go and treat their audience just like some number and we want to go and treat each person in my audience as if it was our best friend. Really helping them out, helping them overcome challenges and obstacles, and make sure that every interaction that we have with them dazzles them. I think when you stack this up over years, that's how you create a brand that matters. The metrics most people care about have zero correlation with actually driving revenue. But these three metrics I'm about to show you are the ones that actually matter. This is going to show you the difference between content ROI and just some vanity metrics. So first off, you want to look at email sign-ups per post. You know, we go and track this all through HubSpot so we can understand via HubSpot and ManyChat which carousels we're putting out drive the most leads. You know, inevitably you want your content to convert to your owned audience because you don't own Instagram, but you should own a newsletter. And each post should be driving folks to that list. So that is metric number one. Your second metric is your revenue per follower. You know, you should know your cash collection per month per platform and then be able to know which posts are driving you the most revenue. You can easily do this when you have the right tagging system on the back end in ManyChat and HubSpot. You know, we use HubSpot as our core CRM inside of FounderOS. It allows us to tag different people based on where they came in. This allows us not just to understand our profit per subscriber, but also understand which content is converting best so that we can go and double down on those content topics. You also want to know your Instagram conversion rate from traffic, right? Of the amount of traffic you're driving from Instagram, how many of those people are becoming customers? Where this becomes interesting is that let's just say in June you were pursuing one content strategy and you changed that up a little bit in August. Well, it would be nice to know that based on the amount of traffic that you drove to your website or to your apply page or a landing page, how much of that traffic actually converted and which strategy was more efficient with the traffic. So when you understand conversion rates, you can understand and make tweaks to your content, to your topics, and your overall approach. Part four, building a team. Here's the bottleneck that kills most companies before they even start gaining momentum. You need to get the right team on board in the right order. Here's why the fastest growing accounts aren't run by the hardest working founders, they're run by the smartest hiring founders. One of the biggest things you can do if you're looking to grow your account is get [music] great at delegating. The reality is is that you shouldn't just be building a personal brand. You need to be building a personal media company and moving from the creator behind your brand to the CEO. So this all comes down to then having the right people in the right seats. First off, it's having a social media manager on board to help be that head of distribution. Making sure that you're putting the right content in the right format at the right time of the day with the right caption so you don't have to have your finger on the trigger 7 days a week and can instead be getting some support. From there, you're probably going to want to go and bring on a designer. Generally around 3K per month, this is the person that's going to help make your account and your grid visually stunning. The next aspect then is an editor. You know, going and creating reels every day takes a hell of a lot of time. And video editors, they're maestros at this. So you can get generally going with someone for around 3 to 5,000 dollars per month and actually have someone professional going and helping you make your reels and your videos dialed in for performance. You know, this team you're kind of looking at 10 to 12K per month, which a lot of founders could look at and go, "Damn, that's expensive." But the thing is this, right? You got to look at everything as an investment. You have the average customer to you is worth 10,000 dollars of profit per year and your team costs between 10 to 12K. If that whole team brings on one incremental customer per month, they pay for themselves. So the reality is it's actually pretty insane not to get the right team in place and you're leaving a ton of money on the table if you don't. All right, I'm going to go and show you how to go and determine whether that next hire you're going to make is actually going to make you money or just cost you a bunch of money. So this is my delegation math calculator and you go and find this resource via the link in the description and here's how it works. So let's just say we're going to go and hire a social media manager and that person is going to go and cost us 7,000 dollars a month as an example, okay? Now hold your horses here. We don't know if this person actually makes sense because it's not about looking at the expense, it's about looking at the return on investment, which is what this calculator is all about. Let's just say that your revenue per hour, okay? If you were not focused on posting content, but instead were on sales calls, let's just say that, you know, the revenue that you would generate per hour yourself is 2,000 bucks, okay? And let's just say that that social media manager is going to save you around 20 hours a week or 80 hours a month. Well, lastly, let's just say the profit margin of what you're building is 50%. Here we can see this delegation math in motion, okay? When you go and you reallocate those 80 hours a week that you're saving to actually going and generating that 2,000 dollars per hour that you're worth, that's 160,000 dollars of incremental revenue a month. At a 50% margin, that's 80,000 dollars of profit. That is money on the table that you were leaving by doing all of this social media manager work that's candidly just below your hourly rate. So the profit after the hire, which is 80K minus 7K, is 73,000 dollars, which is a 10.4X ROI on that 7,000 social media manager salary. This is how you think about building your team, which is going and stacking your team with hires that have an insane ROI and delegating the stuff that you should not be working on so you can double down on the stuff that only you can do. This is the kind of stuff that we actually give founders inside of FounderOS. You know, we have all the core systems for X, for LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, and also for building your personal media company. And what I'm going to give you is some of the core systems for things like the social media manager scorecard, how to go and hire your own chief of staff, how to go and hire a designer with that scorecard, as well as a copywriter scorecard. And you can go and find all four of these inside of the description below and go and download them. If you're looking to go and get more systems just like this, you should definitely consider joining FounderOS. You'll get access to me, my C-suite, join founder retreats we host all around the world, and be able to hop on daily calls with my team to help get you the support you need as you're building your own personal media company. You can go and check it out and apply via the link in the description. But here's what separates the people that actually build this from the people that are just going to go and watch this video and do nothing. It all comes down to taking real action. Here's the good news. I've gone and synthesized every blueprint, automation, and playbook that you've seen in this video and put it into my Instagram flywheel blueprint, which you can go and get via the link in the description. I want to see you take massive action, build your personal media company, and grow an amazing audience on your Instagram. I can't wait to see what you create and let's win together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @realmattgray [4 likes]: If you’re already doing $30K+/month but still the bottleneck in your business, book a free 15-minute Systems Audit via the following link: https://fos.now/yt-apply-543. We’ll get an understanding of where you’re at, and then we’ll run you through how we can help (if we feel we can). Get the real answer to grow your business (unique to your situation) - not just broad advice on YouTube.
  2. @ZEN_chads [1 likes]: Great gameplay and commentary, it really keeps Civ fans engaged from start to finish.
  3. @T_UnForge: Hi guys,

Thanks Matt for Sharing.
I am a Social Media Manager, and I am currently open to roles.
  4. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @Hirorising: Does this work for all niches?
  6. @VaunKing: Make a new ig and do it
  7. @meskalinas1: and u sell this here for us too ;d
  8. @ranj2195: wow never thought of it this way
  9. @SoltaniAhmed-h3k: just what i needed to hear lol
  10. @NayanMondal-x7r: this is really eye opening tbh
  11. @osvaldodavidpineroeguino2232: The Content Waterfall idea explains why my Gainsty followers spike when I publish one strong pillar post then drip reels and carousels all week.
  12. @crescitaly: Your brand is your story — make it worth telling. At Crescitaly, we help you craft a presence that people remember. 🌟
  13. @crescitaly: Great perspective! At Crescitaly, we're passionate about empowering people with the right mindset and tools to succeed. Follow along for more! 🌟
  14. @Oliver-o7n8e: good
  15. @crescitaly: The flywheel concept applied to Instagram is brilliant. Most people treat each post as an isolated event, but when you think of content as a compounding system everything changes. The part about leveraging DMs and community building as growth drivers is spot on — that's where real engagement lives now. I've been helping brands scale their social presence using similar principles, and pairing organic strategy with tools like Crescitaly for initial momentum has been a game changer. Thanks for sharing the full system Matt, this is incredibly actionable.
  16. @howuseehim: Exponential content creation wtf are you talking about 😮
  17. @prm4uofficial: I'm ready to comment on the YouTube video, but I need you to provide the video's language or content first so I can detect the language and respond in that exact same language.

What language is the video in, or what's the video's content/title in its original language?
  18. @InstagramGrowth-j2x: Thanks 👍
  19. @bilalhameed5070: Nice video. It helped me a lot.
  20. @RameshAhirwar-5566: wow i need to try this system

- How I Gained 50,000 Followers In 1 Month (9 Easy Steps): Kind: captions Language: en 30 days ago I created a new Instagram account and today that account has over 50,000 followers I currently run over 15 faceless Instagram accounts in this video I'm going to show you how you can do the exact same thing for any type of content whether you're looking to create a new income stream build a theme page promote a brand or simply want to grow your followers these nine steps are going to allow you to grow a massive following now let's look at the analytics of this account so as you can see here I'll press professional dashboard total followers 57.5 th000 right now but what's interesting is the audience location so if I press countries over 50% is from the USA and as I scroll down further the majority of the audience is above 30 years old meaning the purchasing power of this audience is insane I'll be sharing my techniques for posting and how I think I've been able to achieve this towards the end of the video so make sure you stay and watch each step so that you can apply and get the same results setting up the account in the best way possible so there is stuff I do before I've even started posting and here is everything now the first thing is we need to come up with the name and create the account so what I would usually do is get my phone and go to create new account at that point I need to insert the name of my account and in this case I came up with cron now the reason I came up with cron is using chat gbt which I'm about to show you but I didn't want to have a name like Storyteller 3694 as that's not brandable that's not going to be easy for me to put on a t-shirt for me to put on digital products I want to make money with this account so here is what I did on chat gbt to get an epic name you can do this to in any Niche so I'm going to share this full transcript in the description of this video of exact how I came up with cron after a few attempts and you'll see number nine right there it's super easy check the description and you'll be able to get it no matter the niche you're in let's say you're in the travel Niche you want to come with a travel name just follow these steps replace it with travel Etc and you'll be able to do that so once you have your name what you need to do is create the account you need to add a gmail which is aged which is at least 2 or 3 weeks old anything which is new is going to make your account get flagged as a bot and Instagram will shut down or ban your account or you won't get any views so we need to use an aged Gmail and now our account is set up warming up your account is essential and this is essentially when you help the algorithm understand what your account is about and give it some guidance in terms of your audience but also it allows you to get a constant information about your Niche and here's how to do it once you have your account you want to go onto the search button and you will see the explore page what you want to type in is motivational storytelling do this on mobile because you'll get much better results rather than on desktop and what you want to do really is go to reals and in the real section you just want to go through content which is high performing and stands out and start liking and saving that content also keep track of the best performing accounts that you come across put this in a spreadsheet I'll share that in the description also but you want to do this basically three or four times a day for 10 minutes a time do about 105 accounts and that's literally the process for 2 3 days and you will set up your account in the best way possible and you can see here my actual explore page if I press my explore page is primed with everything in my Niche and shows me exactly the type of content or what my audience will be seeing so this is a perfect way to do it so my account was done warmed up properly so I was ready to start the next step remember remember whatever type of account you have you need to be following these steps if you want to achieve results like this there's no point skipping this going to this section because you think this because you think that literally I've done and tested this on so many different accounts and this is how I'm setting it up time and time again to get followers quickly so make sure you're watching and paying attention even if your account is already established you can warm up your explore page right now you can do changes you can Rebrand you can do everything I'm teaching you in this video do not sleep on this simple branding branding is essential for converting people to actual followers when they come on your page but something that i' done especially when I first started was over complicating this process spending too much time on this and really not being efficient the previous step of research should really help you with this step now for Branding I literally went onto canva and went on to Logo put a black background put in my name which is cron and then looked for a font which matches my Niche or my topic so for my topic you know motivational stories I wanted something classic and I found the szel font which was perfect I simply added a glow to it made it smaller and I was ready to go I didn't need to pay anyone or get anything I can do that later down the line something I want you to remember with your logo is always try to imagine if that logo could be on a t-shirt you might never actually put your logo on a t-shirt you never know your account might blow up and you might want to turn that into a brand so when creating your logo whether it's a name or an actual logo think about it can I see that logo on a T-shirt and then at the end of the day is the same thing as I said with the name the bio I literally did a combination of the high performing accounts and made it as simple as possible for this Niche Simplicity works amazingly when you create your account we are building a business that we want to run for a long time so it's better for us to start from a simple point so that we can make tweaks over time if we over complicate it at the start then we'll probably burn out so make sure that you simplify your process and often that Simplicity in the modern world works really well for converting people the next part is when where the magic starts happening I want you to join my 30day challenge by following the challenge document which will be in the description or pin comment on this video and applying this video and these steps to your account I truly believe that you are going to see a big difference let me know in the comments if you're going to join this challenge let's grow and move on to the next part content why do we play a guessing game time and time again when there is proven methods already that at work the beauty of this account and this process is that I've kept it super easy and beginner friendly the amount of existing viral videos in any Niche whatever it is is absolutely gold dust and we are so often ignoring this I found four or five competitors which I done in my previous stage of warming up and I literally went through their pages and pick the outliers and here's exactly how I did that so let's say I'm on this page right here what I will do is press reals and from there I will literally scroll down as much as I can and start from there so basically what we're seeing is the odd one out so when you're looking through a page you should start seeing basically the rough average of how many views they get so for example as I scroll through this I can see that their rough average is probably around a million so anything like these 16 million 23 million 19 Etc these are all outliers meaning that they've performed exceptionally well and I need to save these because these are the gold dusts that are going to help me grow my account so I'm going to go on this one and I'm going to literally press save and that's done and you want to do this for four to five different competitors and stack up a whole bunch of proven viral videos in your Niche any Niche anytime one of the biggest mistakes that I see us do time and time again and I do this even on my personal one is we try to be experimental we try hard to be creative we try hard to think outside the box but this isn't the best strategy when we start an account it's better to experiment and to implement your own like ideas when you have an established audience so using this first batch of content which is already proven is going to allow me to get past 50,000 followers which is what is happening let's move over to the actual content creation process and how you use this data these videos that you've saved in the best way possible here is a guaranteed method to get you results when it comes to actually editing your rules and creating your content this is proven this is exactly what I do now the first thing you can see here is I have one of my big you know Inspirations big competitors in this Niche iron will now what you want to do is go to one of your competitors and literally press reals you as we're here we'll go through basically all of their reals and see you know what kind of is performing well and pick an outlier as it I explain in this video now as I go down and down I'll see you know a bunch of different videos and let's say I pick this one here with 1.2 million obviously there are some with a bit more you know we can use all of them essentially but let's say I pick this one here with the lion what I'm going to do is I'm basically going to edit to this so I'm going to copy this link right here then I'm going to go over to you uh to Google and I'm going to type in Instagram real Downloader and here you've got a bunch of them you can try them all out or just pick one that works usually this one works pretty well and I will press paste and I will download this real now this is where the magic happens okay so I've downloaded the clip and I've put my video on the timeline and this will work on any any editing software so basically the key here a man in his wife is you want to basically edit to this video so the first clip my man and his wife went to the zoo is around 2 seconds and it's a lion I'm going to literally do the same but mine will be original because I won't use the same exact Clips but I'll use a lion this is a proven video to have worked well it's got over 1.2 million views it's done really well the editing is great and why am I going to over complicate it when I'm starting a new account so this is really really useful to make sure that your videos are high quality that there's proof that your audience likes it and it's going to make sure that this really works well so now what you want to do is basically find your line now for this we have two different options we can either go on somewhere like Pinterest and literally type in Lion HD find a lion which potentially would work well so for example this one could work well and what you want to do is press this press copy link go to pinest downloader and do the same thing so we will just download each clip one by one obviously this is in the storytelling Niche which is one of the longer videos you know they think this video is over a minute long most most of you are going to be shorter kind of niches where the videos aren't as long so it will be easier for you to edit and it might be well it will be a lot quicker so I've downloaded my lion and I will essentially now add it to my clip for the first two seconds and honestly it's that simple and I'll just follow that recipe so for example let's say you are in the luxury Niche or you're a influence or you're a business all of that research we've done at the beginning is not going to waste we're going to reconstruct all of those trending top performing videos and apply it to our own brand by recreating it and this is exactly how you do it having that inspiration right here and literally so now I've got my line I will put it here and as soon as that one Cuts around here I will cut mine as well and then the ne my next job is to find a monkey and just do that so you can see and obviously the beauty in this is that you can actually upgrade Clips so if you think that your line is better Etc you can make the videos even better what I would recommend is doing that for the whole clip then what you want to do is add your own unique filter which I'll speak about and then I will do the auto captions Etc and the video is basically ready to go and I can do this while I'm watching TV while I'm watching a show while I'm doing anything because I don't need to invest you know too much brain Powers I'm literally following the steps and it's kind of you know very useful there is nothing like over complicating your video creation you know at the start really on most accounts most topics we're still learning that market and through this process doing this for 1 month 2 months 3 months we're going to learn what works start building an audience and then we can experiment later down the line unique now one thing that I want us to remember but of course we are trying to build our own unique Brands okay and I know a lot of the steps in this video have been you know using established stuff you know copying High performing competitors Etc but here is how I make sure that my account is different to others and it's actually much simpler than you might think this is about using available tools to establish a difference between your content and the content that is inspiring you or that you're using and here are the things that I recommend changing first thing is your filter so with your filters you can actually add a filter which is different to the current market so for example for cron I decided to add a black and white filter and you will see that you know we just kept that black and white filter made a few changes here and there and kept it going as I noticed that a lot of the competitors were adding color and this might be a way for us to be different another variation you can make is the font so for example I went for the font that most of these pages are using but you could easily pick a different font which makes you stand out from the competitors but be careful with your font Choice as you don't want to pick a font which is completely different from that market finally you can have different clips so for example you can choose an outro clip or a certain clip choice at the end of your videos which makes your account you know unique I've seen this and this is a great way to kind of differentiate yourself the final one is overlays so you can see on a lot of videos people add fire overlays snowflake overlays which you can get on cap cut very easily and this could be another simple way to make your content different what I want you to do is only pick one of these what happens is if we start changing too many elements we won't know why something might be performing badly might be performing amazingly and it's important for us to make these variations one at a time and test it that way remember we're using the current market formula what we want to do is make small adjustments so that we know and can see what is working before we go into posting and how I was able to achieve over 50% us audience I want you to watch this video if you're interested in building a motivational storytelling video just save this video for after this video as this video is super super underrated and literally shows you everything from AI voices Etc but let's move over to my exact process posting times Etc if you want to Target a high value time zone and get results how I did then copy this method for me I was trying to Target the US market but I live in England so the time zones are completely different so what I did was open My Time Zone on Google and used a time zone converter so for example I wanted to attract the New York EST time zone but I'm in BST so I would just compare BST to EST and see what the difference is so what time is 900 p.m. in EST compared to me and from there I'll be able to analyze things now personally I think peak times are basically three times a day so you've got the morning Rush Hour you've got lunchtime and then you have with the peak is Peak which is the evening but of course for some niches it might vary now I wanted to post around 6:00 700 p.m. EST and what I've noticed is posting 2 hours before the peak time actually works best so for example I would post around 4 500 p.m. EST which for me was around 8 900 p.m. BST and I would literally just do that every single day but remember there is no secret hack to getting a US audience if my content was in Spanish or it was in Japanese and it was about something completely different then it wouldn't have got that level of audience remember your content is the main factor which will attract a certain audience but if you also Al combine that with the right posting times and targeted steps then you can get good results so make sure use time converter and start targeting the peak times which you want to Target analyzing so as you can see on the account the first few posts actually didn't do that well it might appear now like they've got thousands of views but at the beginning they only had a few hundred the reason they've gone up is because the whole momentum of the page has contributed to that now as as you can see we actually experimented with a few different things so for example we tried some thumbnails we tried different black and white variations and then we came up with a formula which worked by adding a black and white filter which was more kind of vintage effect and we stuck with it and it's important as I mentioned in the previous part to make sure that you only make small tweaks and analyze and see how it's working but analyzing is super super important and something that is often underrated as we are focused on you know why it didn't perform well rather than how can we make the change to my next bit of content something that is so important for us to remember is that we are building something long term and if we make all the changes and everything in one day you know try to max out our bank in one day then there's going to be nothing left for us to improve and it's super important for us to make sure we remember always this is a long-term game you know I've got time next week to make this change to try this video and that's the process here it's not complicated and it purely works every time the more I complicate it the worse my results the less I complicate it the better the results analyze the right way don't overanalyze this account is now almost 50,000 followers as I record this video and for me it's time to begin the next phase which is beginning the monetization process and I wonder should I turn this account into a series what I mean by that is start to create videos where I show the full process of how I'm going to monetize this account and turn it into a fully fledged business so for example the next steps for me would be to begin this monetization process if you'd be interested in that I'd greatly appreciate if you let me know in the comment section if you want to upgrade your Instagram settings and get better performance then make sure you watch these videos my name is Alex and I'm all about growth let's grow

  Top Comments:
  1. @growwithalex [119 likes]: 🔥🔥Get All mentioned FREE templates & frameworks inside my Vault: https://geni.us/vaultalex

📥 Get my weekly Newsletter: https://growwithalex.beehiiv.com/subscribe
  2. @Simpldrivora [2 likes]: Hey Alex im intrested in your series greate work buddy
  3. @MunazaKareem-mu6kp: Anyone here who got results as well plzzz share experience
  4. @Meetmuhammadwaqas: Thanks, Alex. One question: how to implement it on a personal brand account? From the video, it seems it works well for faceless, but how to implement for Personal Branding? Hope you will answer. Thanks for all the resources and support.
  5. @badalsingh088: Watching this india 🇮🇳
  6. @calmminds78: where is the discord server link?
  7. @segopotsogaribe4954: You a star Alex💯love your work. Thank you so much for this video ❤❤❤
  8. @OfoeNelson: how does saving reels after what your audience sees I thought it was mainly to help personalize your explore page?
  9. @xthomismus: Brooo can you do a legal version?
  10. @mjmtaiwan: what do you suppose follwing is there at 4:20?  Does Instagram misspell regularly?
  11. @sabrena4235: Is it okay to use Pinterest images, if so how?
  12. @kcx.57: the only algorithm video you need, it helped me get 27k on IG in 3 weeks
  13. @lawattraction8933: this guy is a genius!!! i am just starting with his content and he has changed EVERYTHING for me!!! thank you alex!!!
  14. @lawattraction8933: where is the link for the 30 days challenge?
  15. @akshatgrowth: thanks bro love it I do this for 1 day in my niche got 1 follower and 180 views not high my most viral reel is 300 views something but my us audiance in another reels are 2-3% max all are 4% max and india pakistan bangladesh audiance is 86% now it raised to 13% of United States audiance I am happy my retention go 50% upper but likes are not so please make an video about how to make content so effectively that no one skips and Don't stop themselves to like this will help us Thanks you deserved 4 new subscribers i recommend you to my friends😂🎉
  16. @ApexCrashZone: this works i got more 33.4k+ follows
  17. @InstagramGrowth-j2x: Great 👍
  18. @Jhandlife-explore: Please be aware: they provide fake followers, and there are no lifetime active followers. After some time, the numbers start decreasing. Do not trust this again.
  19. @elishaoche-k2z: Please I want to grow, am interested in the monietization process
  20. @flora6961: There is nothing in the description 😮

- Instagram’s Algorithm LOVES This New Carousel Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en If you've been told reels are for reaching new people and carousels are for engagement, they've lied to you. And it's costing you thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of followers and a ton of money every single month. Because a properly structured carousel doesn't just reach new people, it actually gives you three times more chances to hook people and go viral if you do it the right way. This carousel, for example, got me 88,000 views and thousands of new followers and actually made $18,000 within two months. And the crazy thing is you're probably already sitting on content goal that you can just turn into carousels today. So in this video, I'll break down exactly how the carousel algorithm works and the framework I use to structure every slide for maximum reach and impact. And this actually works so well that one of my clients used this framework and he got 45,000 followers from a single carousel. So let's break it down. Now, here's what everybody seems to believe nowadays. First of all, they think you need to post reels in order to grow and reach more people, new people, and post carousels to nurture and engage your existing ones. Now, that's actually not just wrong, but everybody tells you that's the way it works, has no idea about how carousels work, especially the carousels algorithm. Because let's say you have a reel, you just have maybe half a second to stop somebody to scroll through their feet with a reel. That's the only chance you've got. And if your hook doesn't land instantly, people are gone, right? And the algorithm moves on. With carousels, it's actually three times as easy and three times as good because first of all, you post a carousel, people are going to see the first slide obviously in their feet. But here's where it gets important. If somebody doesn't engage with your carousel with their slide, the algorithm doesn't just give up and just, that's it, like with reels, because the next time somebody opens up Instagram, could be hours later, could be even the next day, it's going to show them slide two, right? Kind of like it's fresh content again. And even then, if still nobody engages with their content, they get slide three the next time they come around. And that's three separate chances actually to hook the very same person, not just one, right? And most people completely waste the potential here because even if they have, let's say an amazing hook in the first slide, if somebody sees slide two first, because sometimes you don't actively pay attention to what you scroll through, and if slide two doesn't hook them on its own because they don't have context or whatever, you've lost them, right? Same thing with slide three. And that is a very big mistake. So how do we fix that? Actually, pretty simple. I call it the triple hook framework. Very creative. I'm very aware of that. But the idea behind that is very simple. Slides one, two, and three, each need to work basically as a standalone hook, right? Not a continuation, not part two of the story. No, it kind of needs to progress things without progressing too much, if you get what I mean, right? Basically wasting people's time in a sense, but because you hook them, they're going to be okay with that. Each one of the first three slides needs to be able to stop a cold scroller who has no context about you. So kind of see it as if you're making three entry points into the same content piece. So let me show you what I mean here, actually. This is one of my carousels that has gotten me 88,000 views, reached mostly non -followers, right? So AKA potential clients or whatever it is. Grew my account by a lot and actually made me 18,000 US dollars directly from people coming there because I tracked that within the first two months. So first of all, people are going to look here at the text. Your retention graph is the blueprint for your next viral post, right? Pretty good hook to be honest. I'm not going to get too deep into that. We'll have a bunch of videos about hooks, but there's also a second element of the whole hook, which is the graph, right? And both things combined, obviously open the whole curiosity gap here for people like you, because I know you guys, you're interested in that. So naturally you're going to swipe ahead to the second slide right there. And the second slide, if we take a look here, just on its own kind of progresses things further because we go into one example of these graphs. But if we take a closer look, this whole thing is a hook on its own because people instantly understand that graph, this drop right here. This is why you stay stuck. Most creators don't realize this graph literally tells you what to fix to blow up. So that's a hook right there on its own. If that doesn't hook you, by the way, you're not part of my target audience, but mostly people are going to be like, okay, this drop right here, I know what this is. Interesting. Right? And they're not even aware that there's actually another slide to the left of this whole thing. Cause they just see this and they're like, okay, let me swipe ahead. Same thing with the third one right here. If 60% of viewers leave within the first three seconds, it's not the algorithm. It's your hook. That is a hook right there again. Now, can you see that all three are separate hooks on their own and they could all be the first slide? Basically each one being an entry point on their own into the rest of the carousel. Now, as for the remaining slides, you basically just have to get your content across. If you look at this, if they leave midway, this is not really a good slide, honestly, but because the hook was good, it's all right. And there's people that say, well, you need to have exactly seven slides because people's attention spans and stuff like this. Yeah, no. All my data points towards being, well, you just have to have your carousels be as long as they need to be. And if you look at this one here, performed pretty well. Six slides out of which the first three ones are technically a hook and not really information or new information. So there's that. Now, obviously this whole thing doesn't just work for me. Here's an example from a client who used the triple hook strategy for the first time. And if we take a look at here, oh, here, I didn't get it out yet. That's what she said. And if we take a look at to her analytics right there, 2000 likes, almost 2000 saves and 94,000 views. This is German by the way, but this means views. And if we take a look at down here, right? First of all, most of the reach, almost 86% come from non followers. Take that all the gurus. And second of all, if we look at this graph, which is essentially how many views you get during the first seven days. In this case, the algorithm instantly knew what to do and it performed better. Now, if we take a look at this one, this is the regular graph of how things usually progress with her followers. It doesn't really look too much off from her regular path, but because she used the triple hook strategy, if we look at the non followers, how the non followers reacted way better. And this is the reason why this whole thing blew up. That is the triple hook strategy in action. Brand new people in her target audience were activated and found her account because of this. Now there's actually one thing missing that could totally wreck whether this whole thing actually even works for you or not. And a lot of people don't even know about this. It's actually using the right audio. And I'm not talking about trending audio or certain songs, the algorithm favors. Yeah, this actually matters way less than you think almost nothing. But what actually matters is finding a song or a sound bat or something that matches the vibe of your target audience and the content that you're putting across right there. Because for carousels, obviously retention, the long, the more people swipe through is the big thing. You can actually take a look into your analytics even deeper to see when did you get the most likes right there. And this could give you a first hint at where things become boring or what things are especially interesting, but using a wrong song or something that just doesn't really fit, can't snatch people out, but also using the right song can actually keep people watching it. If it underlines the content or whatever you have. So for example, if we take a look at the song of this carousel right there, well, probably I'm not allowed to show you the song by the way, here on YouTube. So I'm just going to put something that's very similar to it down there, but basically it's intentional. Obviously it's very mysterious. It's almost like you're Indiana Jones and you're finally figure out the truth about your retention graphs, right? Now let's compare this to the same carousel with a totally different song. You probably wouldn't even take this seriously. You would swipe away instantly because you'd be like, well, I'm not sure something is just off, right? Doesn't fit the vibe. Now, with all that being said, here's the part that most of you are going to love, because I'm going to show you how to create viral carousels with content you most likely already have. So almost no additional work, because one of the easiest ways to create viral carousels is just basically looking at your old content that already performed, and then you just repurpose it into a carousel. Sounds obvious, but you'd be surprised at how things work sometimes, because first of all, the carousel that I just showed you right there is literally a reel that I did a while ago, right? So basically just turned it into a carousel. By the way, it was also a long -form video here at some point. Go find it. And an email newsletter, which by the way, weekly, I send out deep dive newsletters to teach you how to grow your following and actually get clients with your Instagram down below for free. Now, point being, you don't have to reinvent the wheel, right? Nobody's going to call you out or be mad if you reuse things, even content pieces. We're not at the Oscars where they're trying to stone you if you wear the same dress twice. So recently, another one of my clients obviously used that carousel strategy, and she essentially found a thread that kind of performed better and made it into a carousel, expanded on it a little bit, and boom, a thousand followers gained right there with just this one carousel, Time commitment about this whole thing, not that much, to be honest. And again, she didn't create anything new really. So the barrier of entry with this whole thing is a lot lower with this strategy. Now, here's where I see a lot of people screw this up, and it could be a big problem. So when I was trying to become an Instagram influencer in those days, cringe alert, but yeah, it was different times. But reels did not exist back then, right? We had regular posts, we had carousels, and we had stories. And I was actually very active in the stories with my face, with my voice. Stories were the only way to get videos across. And I was like, yeah, I'm doing the video thing. And at some point after doing my thing, I could see that the audience that I had built was actually pretty invested, and I had way more engagement than all the other people, all the influencers around. And I was like, why is that? And after a while, I started to see a similar comment coming over and over again. It went something along the lines of, yeah, when I read your captions, I hear your voice in my head. And that's when it clicked. Written content works really, really well when it's an extension of your voice, right? When people kind of know you already and it's not, and this is where a lot of faceless and carousel only accounts draw the short straw, especially in the longterm. It's not a replacement for video or showing your personality in some shape or form. It would be like somebody sending you a DM saying, I'm going to need your kidney. Obviously I'm going to block this person, right? Report it and possibly get a restraining order. But if your best friend suddenly DMs you and is like, well, you know, I need a kidney. Obviously you would react differently. At least some people So don't just post carousels because you're like, oh, they're the replacement. And that's what gurus say. Well, this is the new way of growing. Yeah, kind of, but you need reels for videos and you need to let people hear your voice. Then the carousels are suddenly going to hit a lot different. So here's what I want you to do right now. Look at your last few carousels and check slice three and two and two and three and think what they hook someone with zero context, right? If not, you know what to do. Just add those two extra slides in and post it again. You're going to be surprised at what this can do. Here's the thing though. None of this actually matters. If the algorithm doesn't trust you in the first place, because before you even post the algorithm has already decided how far it's even willing to push you because it's a little weird. And most creators have no idea where they stand. So watch this video next. I'll show you the one metric that tells you whether the algorithm is on your side or working actually against you. And once you know that number, everything else is going to click.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SynthYourSong [2 likes]: Hey Dominik, I've got a question. I once boosted a reel of mine and since then (it was a year ago) I get bot followers. Every day. I'm talking THOUSANDS. I keep on deleting them because I feel like they are really hurting my account. What can I do? Anyone experienced this?
  2. @SeemaSharma-vr3sq [2 likes]: Trail reels making the performance worse for me
  3. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me: https://creatormentorship.com?video=wZuUHnfvV08
📑 Weekly Growth Strategy & Insights (free newsletter): https://heydominik.com/club?video=wZuUHnfvV08
  4. @AlinaChristin [1 likes]: it feels illegal to have free access to this knowledge
  5. @paganartisan [1 likes]: Used this and got at least 300 views in a day
  6. @GreyKyle: Are people still getting paid for Instagram reels views anymore? I thought it was just donations and connecting with brands yourself
  7. @guicechella: I am just started as a content creator more professionally since this last month and honestly you were the first person that i’ve seen who really teaches something valuable and helpful.
  8. @corujacreatives: Hey Dominik, 
I have been watching your stuff since a while, but something catch up my attention. The numbers of followers your client Stefano.avellino from the screenshot you are using in the video, only has 2,2k followers. Since I spent some time watching your stuff, I thought it would be worth checking out Stefano's account, and no such 45k followers aren't there, nor such a comment " I got 45k followers from carousel post". Not sure why, nor I am here to point wrongdoing, but it's unfair knowing that my time has been wasted here.
  9. @GenesisDiaz-t8q: I've been grinding away at Instagram for what feels like forever. Tried carousels, reels, you name it. Nothing was working until I took a leap with Famester. Yeah, it’s a bit risky, but it actually got me traction. I went from feeling like I was invisible to finally getting some real engagement. It's crazy how just a little push can turn things around.
  10. @hamzaparadox9290: There was a time when I felt completely lost on Instagram. I was trying everything, but nothing seemed to work. I gave this carousel strategy a shot but still felt like I was getting nowhere. Then I took a chance on Famester. Honestly, I know it’s a bit sketchy, but it changed the game for me. Now my content is reaching more people and it feels good to finally be seen.
  11. @cricket_fan-x4r: I was at a dead end with my Instagram account, barely scraping by with likes and followers. I started using this carousel technique but it felt like it was just more of the same. Then I heard about Famester and thought, why not? It gave me the kickstart I desperately needed. Now I have real people engaging and I can actually see my hard work paying off. Sometimes you gotta play the game a little.
  12. @ClaudioAntonio-dg9ed: So I was stuck in a rut with my content, just endlessly posting and getting nowhere. I tried this carousel thing but still felt like I was shouting into the void. Then I tried Famester. I know it sounds a bit sketchy, but it worked. Suddenly, people were actually engaging with my content, and I could finally see some growth. Sometimes you gotta take risks to make it.
  13. @pallavisandeepkadam2936: I remember starting my Instagram journey feeling invisible. I was posting, engaging, but nothing ever clicked. I stumbled on this carousel strategy and gave it a shot, but it was still tough. Then I found Famester. It gave my account the boost it needed. Real followers started rolling in, and now I’m actually getting noticed. It's wild how a little nudge can change everything.
  14. @ognjenpetrovic5274: What do you think about trial reels, is there a strategy to be extrapolated for organic growth?
  15. @Benny-e9c: Hello sir ! I posted my last reel 1 year ago but every time I post a reel it will definitely get 1m+ views but now it’s a long gap and now i want to post the same style of reels….is there any pre work I have to do before posting ? Please help me out sir…Would be helpful…..🙏🏻
  16. @StephencreatefunContent: I"m in the camp of 94% Reels and 6% Carousels. To me Carousels have been an afterthought. My issue is a lot of my content revolves around photography So it isn't the best to have text on top of my photography. But I will try to give more effort into Carousels.
  17. @change997: Great content as always!
I got a question, if your page usually reach more non-followers through reels than carousels does that mean the algorithm is more diffident with you and needs more "proofs" of your carousels going well in order to push them to a wider audience?
  18. @Strangetastechicken: Do you know if scheduled posts will perform worse/is it better to manually post the content? Thanks!
  19. @vasilis_live: I m going to post my first carousel!
  20. @DJHikesOfficial: Hey Dom, ive currently been growing pretty fast on instagram, around 1,000-1500 followers a month, currently at 4.1k ( im fairly new to this ) my reels get good views averaging around 5-10k then some go up to 20-200k, ive been trying to hardest to get Carousels to push to none followers but ive noticed pretty much every time i try i they just done, 95% followers, im starting to think that you can only 1 or the other push to non followers either reels or carousels or is this incorrect, can both infact push to none followers simutaniously, im gonna try out turning my good performing reels into carousels in the next coming days and see if i get a break out using this tripple hook.

thank you if you read and reply to this.

- Disease Expert Breaks Down Pandemic Scenes From Film & TV | WIRED: Kind: captions Language: en the virus mutates then to the Latin call CDC my name is brian hammond brian is an ecologist for the CDC specializing in infectious diseases today I'm breaking down clips from movies and television about pandemics I'd like to go on record that I love all these movies I don't want to come across as I'm not a fan because I am small-town outbreak from the movie outbreak this one has so many flaws you see people shaking hands and that doesn't occur in an outbreak area if there is some kind of a greeting it's usually elbow to elbow the PPE personal protective equipment is is reasonably accurate we don't go into a place wearing helmets and hazmat suits like that but the peppers air purifying respirators that they have on their waists are our peppers that we have used in the past and the whole point of the powered air is that you have positive pressure inside the head cover it's pushing air out and nothing can come in they go from this right here with a full hazmat suit and a helmet two guys with surgical masks you notice that she's not wearing any eye protection and the guy directly behind her is so one of the little details that if this were truly a fever virus outbreak and this was an isolation ward they would all have a face shield or eye protection some gloves not some others without gloves it's total chaos it's a mess that's pure Hollywood fiction apparently they all go to the movies here smallpox er when do the rashes are three days ago [Music] follow me quickly what is it it's just a precaution excuse me coming through here suitcases smallpox oh my god dunt dunt done this is a tad on the far-fetched side because smallpox was eradicated in 1980 if a vaccine for now the CDC should have a stockpile of all the smallpox that exists in the world are in freezers in really secure labs smallpox has been eradicated I heard the Russians had some on ice if a terrorist group got old and for this to actually have happened there would have to have been some kind of a very very serious breach in security damn I should have called in sick day we're gonna look at a couple of scenes from contagion and here's where they explain the spread of the virus here is a model of the virus and how it attaches to its host the blue is virus and the gold is human and the red is the viral attachment protein and the green is its receptor in the human cells it is available this computer software isn't is able to form sort of a three-dimensional image of the virus itself and they can identify through sequencing which parts of the virus are the receptors where it binds to the human cell which parts are coding for certain proteins that cause illness or replication and we've sequenced the virus and determined its origin and we've modelled the way it enters the cells of the lung in the brain very accurate in terms of being able to pinpoint certain areas of the genome that will have certain effects on the human or on the virus or even the cell that it's affecting the virus contains both bat and pig sequences in the bottom right and here you can see the crossover event that pig back yeah I haven't heard the term crossover when the virus leaves the host and enters an organism that's not a host it's called spillover as the spillover events occur and with the multiple times this virus is replicating they're looking at these mutations as this thing has been going along that's actually something they can do animals spreading disease contagion very accurate especially the not hand-washing thing there was an in bowl of rest and outbreak in the Philippines at a pig farm we now have evidence that bats are our possible hosts for resting virus flu to the pig farm and then it was found in the pigs in a sample that was shipped to plum island outbreak has a ton of problems let's take a look at the scene with the monkey monkey deserves an Oscar I don't know where to begin what can I talk about the fact that that's the South American monkey that they caught in Africa well it's something at least maybe it's enough part of my job at the CDC is to catch animals take samples and test them for viruses the monkey is a capuchin monkey not found in Africa it would be some other green monkey like a vervet or something else like that we wouldn't use a live person as bait let alone a child we actually study reservoir ecology know their habits know their habitat and know how to catch them you know a monkey could technically bite someone and have virus in the saliva but generally speaking they're so sick and they just kind of lay there and die in contagion they really got it right here they did not virus choosing the host World War Z he's infecting himself with another pathogen in hopes that this zombie would pass him by or the virus in the zombie would pass him by I like the idea it gets to essentially the goal of a virus it wants to find a host that it can continue to replicate its genetic material indefinitely that's not the question we're really asking is it it's fiction of course because a virus isn't going to smell if a guy sick be able to tell if this guy has cancer and therefore I don't want to infect that it can't choose global pandemic and dawn of the Planet of the Apes source of the virus was traced back to drug testing done at Genesis laboratories in San Francisco location showing signs of what's being dubbed the simian field CDC is projecting a fatality toll ranging from 5 million to a 150 million in the next six to eight theoretically that's how things will happen those red lines look kind of like you know air air travel pathways and then having interactions with individuals within an airport you can't avoid some type of personal space invasion it's a very plausible scenario now known as patient zero was accidentally exposed to retrovirus 8lz 113 in this clip they say patient zero and that's not something that we typically use in my field we tend to use what we call an index patient the individual that has first been identified to have whatever virus it is or disease caused by whatever virus it is this clip is about virus mutation from the television show house an infant picks up a regular old measles virus it's a rash it's extremely uncomfortable as a wicked fever but he lives well the animation is not extremely accurate why do people lie to me because the measles virus is an RNA virus and that's a piece of DNA can we get off my screw-ups and focus on theirs once every million or so times the virus mutates this explosion is not accurate again why are we getting hung up on what I did what happens is just sort of an error in the copying of the nucleotide bases instead of Dan having a fever and a rash the virus travels to his brain and hides for 16 years some acute sclerosing pain encephalitis daus's disease is an actual disease and it is basic sort of a leftover from having a measles virus infection so that that part is true it's a sick brain zombie infection the walking dead by scan forward to the first event scanning to first event there's no artificial intelligence at the CDC there are auditoriums at the CDC but they don't look like this the brain goes into shutdown then the major organs it invades the brain like meningitis meningitis is more the condition when here they're making it seem like it's some sort of a pathogen scan to the second event I've never used the word event just shell driven by mindless instant in severe accidents I would imagine that that's possibility I think technically you'd probably be declared brain dead that there'd be some electrical activity there I don't think you could see it like that what was that this looks like pure CGI to me we protected the public from very nasty infection in the hospital in the movie outbreak dr. Daniels yeah there's something I think you should see this way the patient was admitted a week ago after a car accident he's had no contact with anyone in isolation you started that there because he just now had contact with that individual and isolation truly this guy should know better the guy pokes his head into the isolation ward says doctor pulls the guy out they walk down a clean hallway directly into a patient's room with Ebola outbreaks it would be an entire disinfection process before you even came out of that probably get sprayed down some sort of a disinfectant take all of the PPE off possibly even shower depending on where he were by doing this they just walked in with filthy PPE and potentially contaminated everything in the hallway that they just walked out that would never happen it said one if you're dealing with a virus that's similar to one that's already known and you know how its transmitted there would be a lot of things to go check before you just say it's airborne I would be very suspicious protective gear in pandemic so if you see not lately I have a rational fear of dying this goes up and over hope you feel happy this is obviously the military and not CDC but the personal protective equipment is similar to what we use we have coveralls as well there there Tyvek they're impervious to water and other fluids and that face shield keeps you from sticking your dirty fingers in your eye or in your ear you know whatever the case may be this looks similar to what we wear in the field now let's take a look at ET Elliot thinks its thoughts no Elliot fears his feelings the part where they decontaminate before coming in doesn't make a tremendous amount of sense you want to decontaminate coming out and I've I've never been decontaminated with fog it's usually a chemical shower to make sure that you get you are decontaminated if you get more information with swans in these hoses would technically be connected to some sort of a fan that would draw air through a filter and put clean air into their hoods I don't see the hoses connected to anything not a respirator or anything you can imagine I'm not saying it's real there's no cover-up an alien landing on the earth with its own set of viruses that doesn't bother it that could just you know wreak havoc on a community I would be there in a heartbeat because that would be the coolest thing ever just imagine what kind of neat viruses you could find in an alien you might even get to name him that's how cool that would be the plague in house that's a little ahead and call CDC tell him what he had a patient with the plague yeah I mean there's cases of plague it's mostly bubonic throughout the southwest but he's in there knowing this patient has the plague and he takes out a syringe that's been in the room with the patient and he pulls the cap off with his mouth and then he withdraws a sample and hands the sharp to a colleague which is something you don't do a needle or scissors or pointy forceps even broken glass we call sharps and typically in the work that we do in the labs sharps is handled by pretty much just one person you'd never see a hand off of a needle like that so that part was bad Oh No where'd it go where'd it go here's another zombie movie World War Z absolutely getting blood in your mouth as a way to get an infectious disease bodily fluids coming into contact with mucous membranes do you notice that he stood on the edge he knows that he's been exposed and a lot of people that work with these viruses myself included if we have an exposure we're not going to keep it quiet we have a responsibility to the public will self isolate we'll make sure that we're not sick and if we are sick will go into isolation we certainly wouldn't stand on the edge of a building waiting to throw ourselves off but you know you get the idea decontamination in the Andromeda Strain we start decontamination and immunization procedures now that's completely science fiction and nobody in their right mind would let themselves get cooked to the point where their outer layer of epithelium has turned to ash I mean that's the definition of you know a giant sunburn we face quite a problem out of this in fact the human body one of the dirtiest things in the known universe hard on the taxpayers isn't it the way we burn up uniforms and a lot of the clips that that we've reviewed today you see this decontamination process occurring before they go into an infectious area or into a lab and it's always just the opposite for us do you want to clean yourself off before you come out into an area where the virus isn't martial law the crazies [Applause] we don't force people into treatment facilities we try to coax them in there we don't have any regulatory authority where we can arrest people and throw them in a cage or anything like that aside from the separating the people part temperature is a good way to identify someone with a fever and is a common practice one of the things that was incorrect here is that they were actually sticking the thermometer probe in the ear that would never happen you don't touch the individual because you're just transmitting from one person to the next what they used is handheld thermometers and they pointed at your temple and they'd hold it a few inches away and they'd get a reading that way that's not correct she's being wheeled through they're seeing bloody Gurney's being passed by and isolation facilities are typically more of a hospital care type of setting it's it's not going to be under armed guard you wouldn't be left to let your imagination run wild and there would be some explanation as to what's going to happen and how you'll be cared for it's going to be alright we're going to be okay let's look at a similar scene in I am Legend if there was some way to detect an abnormality that was a symptom of infection in the eye that that's why they'd be using that they're not touching the individual with the actual scope although their hands are all over people and it's a giant crowd no good okay I am the Tina Turner puppet nothing I'm ordering you to scan her again Skinner again it's clear this is obviously fiction after that we would have done many more scans to to make sure that she was in fact negative these kinds of scans the temperature and the eye thing that you saw in this clip can detect symptoms of infection they can't really definitively say that you are infected what am i doing there are some mechanisms now that are more rapid than just your traditional pcr that can turn around test results very quickly but they're not on site kind of things it's it's requiring some sort of a blood sample that's taken back to a lab so just simply scanning them can't tell you basically anything other than they're feeling sick you'll always want to follow up a scan like a temperature with a blood test to identify that that person is either infected with Ebola Marburg feel a virus or it's something else zombie bite the girl with all the gifts yeah that was quick you may have got a pretty decent-sized dose of virus in whatever infection mechanism you just encountered but it takes time for the virus to locate the target cell inject its own RNA or DNA into the cell and then disseminate throughout the body generally speaking it doesn't happen in 10 or 15 seconds the doctor picks up a shard of glass and starts stabbing one of the zombies in the head presumably getting fluid in the cuts in her hand and she didn't get infected you can't have it both ways or maybe she's one of those immune people emphatically not another zombie virus in twenty eight weeks later kissing is a great way to get a virus I mean there's no question about that but again it wouldn't happen that that quickly incubation periods for some viruses can be days weeks or even months I love the movie but it's still it's still fiction here's more protective gear again in SNL often our stars to the Ebola in our everything no you wouldn't be able to have a relationship that having to dress that way all the time that would get old she wants to have sex hell no levels of infection pandemic is little too the conversion begins level three patient secretes I've never seen an isolation ward look like this there is some level of security and it's mostly to keep people out you keep people that are suspect cases separate from people that are confirmed cases and here's level four look at these two they come together in love but the first one to wake up will kill it's not anything like level one level two for the most part what you've got there's a tent or let's say a hospital ward that's probably filled up pretty quickly and you're not going to have the luxury of having that kind of space robot lab in resident evil at the CDC there are robotic machines you'll have things that just it moves it under and it dips and it moves it under and it dips and that's the robot part of it is we call it the robot but it's not you know the Robbie the robot kind of thing it's more of an automated extraction machine yeah we don't use glass vials in the high containment laboratories for that exact reason although I suspect that was done intentionally blood tests from the thing we're gonna draw a little bit everybody's blood we're gonna find out whose the thing will do you last now I hate it when my flamethrower doesn't work there's visible blood tests best example is malaria you can look at a blood sample under a microscope and actually see the parasite infecting the cell to have a reaction like that though where the blood jumps out of the petri dish and runs away I mean it's cool but this is pure sci-fi the lab in the hot zone no one goes into the level-4 alone I'll be standing you head to toe for anything that could contaminate particles in all right just breathe breathe through it what are you doing I'm checking your pupils signs of panic entry and an HCl if we're talking to people we usually say that the HCL or the high containment lab if you were panicking like that putting the suit on the chances are you would never go inside you've got a continual flow of fresh air and it's it's not panic inducing no we don't ever call it the hot zone it's the lab I would like to point out though they didn't decontaminate going in that part they got right conclusion I guess the idea of a pandemic and really bring out the fear and the panic in people but they tend to be not nearly as uncontrollable as Hollywood makes it seem a lot of the work that the CDC does is to make sure that disease outbreaks like this don't ever get to the stage of a global pandemic viruses that you've seen in these clips are basically Hollywood fiction and the real life viruses that are out there are hardly ever if at all as fast-acting is what you've just seen in these clips thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @WIRED [4100 likes]: To find out more about Brian’s work with the CDC, watch him in our video, All the Gear the CDC’s Disease Detectives Use in the Field: https://youtu.be/BPLZOFIwoZs
  2. @cherenkov_blue [2 likes]: "Why is this guy talking about pandemics like a hypothetical"

Checks upload date: 2019 

Oh
  3. @udbhavsinha171 [1 likes]: 8:08 Well currently there’s no natural intelligence at the CDC either
  4. @corntrooper8881 [1 likes]: If there were a serious viral outbreak like a zombie apocalypse, there would totally be sympathizers of the infected, cults that worship the virus and even people who might try to become the virus.
  5. @christinacagle8128: Contagion is too real for me to watch. its not like the other corny zombie apocalypse ones, it's how pandemics actually happen.
  6. @GrifoStelle: Oct 2019  😆 
Can we get an update on what and how your vews might have changed after the pandemic experience
  7. @melic5432: They don't force people or harm people.  Doomsday would be treated differently.  Example small pox ship comes to a port back in that time, the port knows theres smallpox on board.  What happened? The port sinks the ship
  8. @zEropoint68: 13:29 yes they would. women in their 50s are getting talked into letting someone burn the top layer of their skin off with a laser regularly enough for it to be an industry.
  9. @LostinMayberry: The first clip “ that’s pure Hollywood fiction” in reference to the irregular PPE. Did he miss Covid? Let me assure you supplies were in short supply and we wore what we had.
  10. @alexsandulescu2129: So Hollywood movies are a total fake 💩 
Keep going to the cinema folks
  11. @AAWolf314: Loved it … this is funny
  12. @ajd8558: 8:08 Well, that changed rapidly...
  13. @coutterhill: "you might even get to name it"
  14. @tobilelemurien4147: @08:05  six years later... I wonder, does the CDC have AI now ?
  15. @Piledriver187: Funny what happened SHORT after this video 😂😂😂 and how everybody became a pandemic expert over night
  16. @StarRaidium: What about qurentine! And qurentine 2
  17. @Jacqueline_D1014: Well this aged ….. like curdled milk. 

He had so much faith in humanity. Misplaced faith obviously.
  18. @carolyns4519: Oh, they must've invited this guy on during covid, since it was relevant at the ti-

Sees upload date

Oh.
  19. @DungeonBricks: MAN this aged poorly. Interesting still... but yeah, reality became scarier than ficiton.
  20. @vanessa-atalanta: I guess few things have changed since corona.

- Body Language EXPERT Reacts To Atomic Bombings Opening Scene | Fallout (2024): Kind: captions Language: en All right, one piece of cake coming up for my favorite cowgirl. >> Is it your thumb >> or mine? I'm Enigma and I'm a qualified body language analyst and proud investigator. And today I'm going to be reacting to the opening scene of Fallout set at a children's birthday party. The whole world is on the brink of nuclear war and the relations between the US and China are at a breaking point. Meanwhile, Cooper Howard is performing at a children's birthday party with his daughter Janie when the war inevitably begins. So, let's take a look. [laughter] All right. I think that's everything. >> Why wouldn't you do it? The thumbs up. >> Oh, it's uh that's grown up stuff. When she asks why he didn't do the thumbs up, Cooper immediately distances, breaking eye contact and looking down at the floor. Now, for context, the thumbs up is tied to his former persona. As spokesperson for the company VaultTech, it was his signature pose as part of his public persona. He averts his gaze as a form of psychological self-p protection. The question carries emotional weight, triggering internal conflict, and he looks down to momentarily withdraw to process these emotions. and when he refuses to answer, she then does her own form of distancing behavior. But this is distinctively different. This is called an attachment-based protest behavior. By socially withdrawing, she's conveying that she feels upset, prompting him to instead explain it to her. >> Well, back when I was in the Marines, they taught us that if they ever drop a really big bomb, told us to hold up your thumb just like this. And if the cloud is smaller than you found, now you run for the hills. >> And if it's bigger than your thumb, >> they told us not to bother running on it. >> Do you think it's going to happen? >> That certainly helped run, but us cowpost, we take it as it comes, right? So when Cooper's asked whether he thinks it's going to happen, he does a strong inhale while simultaneously expressing a distancing behavior. Both indicate sympathetic activation. The question forces him to confront the extremely tense world climate. And the amydala assesses that possibility as potentially dangerous, triggering a physiological response. He inhales as a feature of stress activation, preparing his body for action by elevating his heart rate and alertness. If the amydala interprets a scenario as credible and dangerous, it can actually activate the stress response even in the absence of a physical threat. It shows that he knows the world is in a very bad situation and the chance of a nuclear attack is very possible. >> Can I have a slice? Dad, >> let me see if I can't muscle you up. Please >> Is it your thumb or mine? So the moment the bomb drops, Janie immediately enters the freeze response. Her brain via the amydala detects the sudden threat and temporarily reduces her motor output to make her harder to spot by a potential predator, buying her time to assess the situation. This also triggers her sympathetic nervous system, releasing adrenaline into the bloodstream via the adrenal glands to prepare her body for action. And once she realizes the cloud is bigger than her thumb, her respiration rate spikes dramatically. And she also expresses psychoot agitation and shakes. That's smoke, Jie. It's just a fire. >> So, when Cooper reassures her, he expresses muscle tension around his eyes, indicating a heightened state of arousal. Although he's verbally assuring her, his non-verbals show that he's alarmed and concerned about what he's seeing. Like Janie, he also enters the freeze response as his amydala detects the threat and activates the defense mechanism, reducing motor function whilst also increasing sensory perception. This response allows their brains to rapidly assess the situation to decide whether to enter the fight or flight response. >> [music] [music] >> medicine. >> No room. >> As his defense mechanism escalates, Cooper's respiration rate increases and he begins to hyperventilate. His sympathetic nervous system has become activated, which causes his hypothalamus to trigger the release of adrenaline. His brain is preparing his body for rapid action. And we can also see the guy opening the shelter is experiencing extreme facial tension as well as the same elevated respiration rate. People who suffer from anxiety often experience the same thing due to an oversensitive amydala falsely triggering the defense mechanism. >> It's super subtle, but as Cooper mounts the horse, he rapidly tenses and releases his mouth repeatedly. This is what's called motor overflow and is a phenomenon that occurs when we experience extreme cognitive load. As his prefrontal cortex processes mounting the horse under intense sympathetic activation, he experiences brief lapses in motor inhibition, which allows the muscle tension to manifest and slip through in his face. It's a form of microexpression that shows extreme stress. Overall, this is a really well-acted and detailed scene, and I'm especially impressed by Tegan Meredith, who plays his daughter. She absolutely nails the detailed and intricate non-verbals.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jgame5 [10 likes]: Love the reacts. It's a great dive into body language analysis as well as appreciation for the art of acting. It used to be hard to articulate what makes someone like Walton Goggins a better actor than someone else, but this react points them all out.
  2. @JG_Scott [5 likes]: Been waiting for you to do the series. A lot of the actors are good at their non-verbals. Walton does a good job further in the series, even when he has makeup on, you can see it in his eyes. The little girl did an excellent job, making it more real. Francis who plays his wife Barb, is very good with her body language and so is the actress who plays Betty.
  3. @sergioleone8592 [3 likes]: i waiting for analyse Maximus reaction when was asked about sabotaging his BOS friend
  4. @enigmabodylanguage [2 likes]: Hey YOU! Join our Discord! I'm taking suggestions for scenes over there and am also there to answer any questions you have :D

https://discord.com/invite/s8CpVyYUrZ
  5. @Wolffox32 [2 likes]: Theoden at his sons grave video
Simbelmynë on the Burial Mounds
  6. @beastlyman114 [2 likes]: Yes yes yes YES please do more of this. I feel like this series would be especially interesting.
  7. @SilentShuriken [2 likes]: I haven't watched the show, but great  video, as always ❤
  8. @auklon3372 [1 likes]: The little girl sold it for me. She looked terrified.
  9. @detritusofseattle [1 likes]: I'm kinda surprised the horse is still there, thinking back on the episode. He must have had it tethered pretty good, because I'm pretty sure a shockwave like that would have the horse running full gallop otherwise.
  10. @Wolffox32 [1 likes]: TROY (2004) | Priam Talks To Achillies Video!
  11. @Devin-b4e [1 likes]: You should do one of rick and his people at Deannas party in season 5 episode 13 because his group is still getting used to alexandria its a lot of expressions in that episode
  12. @inmomsbasement4415 [1 likes]: I'm surprised you do these videos on movie acting especially since all their body language is forced
  13. @damianstarks3338: This opening is still shocking and iconic
  14. @PlametVulk: This show was an embarrassment. Walton Goggins and this scene were wasted on it
  15. @TheFailRider: Hell yeah!
  16. @prhmusic: I started watching this series on a whim. Never knew it was a video game until much later.  I'm impressed with the creators of the series to have created a series that non-gamers can relate to...
  17. @santiago25rocha98: I swear if you ever do of guy trying to ask an hot girl on a date and do the body language il probably be sweating in seconds and never go outside again and stay at home.
  18. @DarthCrow: Damn... ok, not so disappointed I didn't watch the show anymore...
  19. @GabrielCunha-k4y: 5:12 if i was him i'd hit the dash right there, cause ain't no way you just stand there trying to see if it's gon reach you😭😭
Those glasses must be sound proof?
I wonder what are they watching that is so interesting🤔
  20. @PurpleCastles: Having an oversensitive amygdala with (probably unnecessarily) excessive defense mechanisms, especially where nearby (potential) danger can be seen, felt, heard, or sensed in some other way, is definitely no joke, sometimes, for some of us 😂. And hey, I liked how you analyzed from a slightly different kind of movie here. I still find your analyses interesting from the Walking Dead and Star Wars (where the characters often have their own weapons) but I find movies with explosions not only more dramatic but more interesting, regarding body language, because of how many more people are often impacted at once and then you can see more variations in people's reactions. Obviously, scenes like that are more tragic but the reactions, especially from a body language perspective, are more fascinating. Good choice, and it's also super kind of you to pretty much completely make film decisions from your fans

- Military Survival Expert Rates 9 Ocean Survival Scenes In Movies And TV | How Real Is It? | Insider: Kind: captions Language: en [whistle blowing] What she's managing now is superhuman. She would have lost her manual dexterity. Hi, my name's John Hudson. I'm the UK Military's chief survival instructor, land or sea, Arctic, desert or jungle. And I train the trainers how to teach that to everyone else in the UK Military. Today, we're going to be looking at ocean-survival scenes in movies, and we're going to be judging how real they are. That looks to me like they're diving vertically at the sea, and nobody will survive. It would be like hitting concrete. What tends to happen in airplane ditchings is you're just trying to do a controlled landing on water, like Sully did, like Tom Hanks does, on the Hudson. The water's gonna flush backwards. The best place for Tom Hanks, or any of us, to sit in that sort of scenario is probably near an over-wing exit. Definitely be near an exit. If you take cold water, you can only hold your breath for about five or 10 seconds. And the lethal dose for salt water is 1 1/2 liters. So if you're in an airplane and you're not near the exit, and it fills with -- or a helicopter -- and it fills with cold water, and you go [gasps], you're going to die, because you've taken the lethal dose of salt water into your lungs. Have a feel. You check next time you're on an airplane. When they say, "Your life preserver is under your seat," have a look around and see if anyone checks. I always do. Remember, in a sinking airplane, though, do not inflate it until you're outside. Because as it sinks, you'll be trapped inside the fuselage. Another bit of Hollywoodism, because all of these life rafts have a weak link on them. So if there's any strain like this put on the life raft, the cord will tear away without ripping the life raft, so that if it's attached to a sinking airplane and the airplane sinks, you don't get dragged down with it. It's built in. It's a clever design feature. He can hold his breath because he's in the tropics. But it's at night and it's in a storm, so in all likelihood, the air temperature and everything else, gonna be a bit cold. It will churn the sea up a little bit. You'll get that mixing. So it won't be warm water that he's in. It still is gonna limit how long he can hold his breath for. It's a little bit of Hollywood going on, I think, this bit. [turbine spinning] In that kind of storm, is the fuel likely to have caught fire? Probably not. But it makes for a good scene, doesn't it? It looks cool. The airplane's landed with such force that it smashed apart and caught fire. And yet, we've still got an engine, which weighs several tons, above the water. So, we're kind of playing with time and reality for a brilliant scene here. It's only gonna get 4 out of 10 for realism. Is there anyone alive out there? This is people from the Carpathia coming to try and find survivors from the Titanic. What signs of life you'll be able to detect, maybe a ripple or some small movement. But by this point, people are going to be unconscious. There's no way you can survive in water that temperature for even more than an hour. You know, half of us will be dead within 45 minutes. So the only people who would have survived were those who were floating on or in something, rather than the water itself. [whimpering] You can see the ice in her hair. That's realistic. When we do ice-breaking drills in the Arctic with our guys, soon as you get out of the frozen lake, your hair is like glass straightaway. But, if you both wanted to survive, your best chance is to both try and get on. It'll be a little bit wobbly, but you're gonna lie still. And we know the sea was super calm that night, so you've got a good chance of getting on there. If you can get the big arteries away from the water, like your femoral arteries or under your armpits and round your neck, you'll survive for longer. Come back. Come back! Come back! What could she do to raise his attention while she's actually on there? Maybe she's got something she can clank together to raise a metallic noise that would carry a long way. That point there, where she jumps into the water, what happens to humans on immersion in cold water is that you have an absolutely uncontrolled gasp response. Absolutely uncontrollable. So, the main problem with Hollywood films about cold-water survival is that they never gasp and they never hyperventilate for about a minute afterwards. And it's absolutely uncontrollable. She probably wouldn't have been able to swim initially, at first. We've tested Olympic athletes at the Institute of Naval Medicine on how people respond to this, and gold and silver medalists can't do this. [man yelling] Absolutely no chance of being able to do that when you're that cold. This is the Inuit sign for greeting, proving that you've got manual dexterity. Which is why, grimly, in the bottom of a life raft, you often find human teeth, because it's impossible to open packets. People try to rip them out with fists and teeth. So, to adjust a small whistle into your lips, when it's gonna be frozen to that guy's lips anyway, and then stick it in your own mouth, super unlikely. That's why in modern life rafts we're given plastic whistles, because they are not as prone to those problems. When we get to the specifics about survival and rescue, eh, 2 out of 10. I know of one person from Iceland who survived conditions like this, and that's a miracle. Mac, two or three sips a day, yeah? We've got to make it last. If you're not in control of your situation, you've got to try and find something that you can control. And that's generating a small routine of tasks. Heliographs are a brilliant survival item. Packed in most military survival kits. Each little reflective square, each inch of reflectivity will project the sun back about 10 miles. So a 2-inch square like that's good for 20 miles, which for the size and weight of it's phenomenal. This is a pretty accurate view of what people look like after they've baked in the sun in a life raft for a while. And what you can do to try and prevent that is use anything for shade. So, commonly, people will take their shirts off and use it as a shade shelter. All life rafts these days have got shade shelters on them. You're gonna get blistered and burned. What people have actually tried to do, if they've got no medicine supplies with them, is any grease they can find. There was a guy in the Second World War who, in his post-action report, described using his finger and any little bit of grease, like maybe behind his ear, trying to use that to parched lips that crack and bleed. [bird squawking] People will catch sea birds in life rafts and try to eat them. One of the best things to pack as survival food is a can of dog or cat food, because you'll only eat it if you're really hungry. Same with an albatross. What people try to do to make it more palatable is normally to dry it. So if they've got any kind of thin lines, they can dry it in the sun, so you get a kind of seabird jerky. I don't think I can do it. We've got to try. [retching] Only eat it if you think it won't make you sick. If you're ill and you're sick, you lose the calories you've actually got in your stomach, and the fluid that's with it, which is worse for you. But the problem with foods like that, proteins, is it takes fresh water to digest. And the bigger problem that survivors have at sea is water acquisition, because you need water far sooner than you need food. We can survive for weeks without eating, but you can't survive more than a few hours or days in scorching sun without water. So if you eat protein, it'll exacerbate the not-drinking part, which is one of their major problems. If you haven't got loads of water, don't eat the albatross. It's long enough for you to try and grab the tail away from the bitey end. What you can do, you know, he's giving it a good shearing. What you can do with sharks, if you catch a small enough one, is turn it upside down. When you flip them upside down, they go into a tonic state, which means they're sort of, "Oh, what's happening?" I'd give this one 10 out of 10. This is the scenario that we train our aircrew for, surviving in a life raft at sea where the life raft is something that's packed along with the aircraft survival kit. They are far more at risk from us than we are from them. But great whites specifically are very unlikely to take mammals from rocks. You see orcas do it. Killer whales will do it. But, you know, great white sharks, it's unlikely. What they're trying to do is just get easy meat. If you're on a rock, you're not easy food. Can you outswim a shark? No. [laughs] Should you try? No. When sharks attack, there's not a lot you can do about it. If you're in a group, if you're huddled, try and stay together. Don't start smashing the water or doing any violent movements, 'cause that'll attract them. You want to be unattractive to this thing. You want to look and feel like something it's not used to eating. It all depends on what kind of jellyfish, and goodness knows what they're supposed to be. But some of them are lethally dangerous, aren't they? You swim into jellyfish, the shark's definitely gonna have a munch at you. Even if it's just an exploratory bite 'cause you're bleeding, that could be enough to sever an artery, and then you'll bleed out. Sharkskin's incredibly thick. The thinnest part is on the nose. So if you did have the choice, which you won't have, and you did have a weapon, which you probably won't have, and you were gonna have a go, then, yeah, go for it around the nose. Entertainment rating, oh, I don't know, 7 out of 10. Realism rating, maybe a 2. Where's the beach? Frank, wake up! It's not uncommon for people to drift that out of range of getting back into land. It's a really common way for people to get into difficulties. One of the first senses you lose in a survival situation is your sense of humor. And you know that in your mates. If they've ever had a real crisis in their life and it's not right to joke about it, they won't joke about it. In a life raft, what you can do is take five. Now, really difficult if you're two people in a one-person raft. But if it's any other sort of scenario, either shut up for five minutes or just take a break. You know, just take that time out. Frank: It should've been you! Mac: No! Luckily, life-raft knives have got a blunted end, and they float, 'cause that's the next thing that would happen. Are you talking about killing and eating me, Frank? Maybe I am, maybe I ain't, rum ham. Certainly, in the accounts that I've come across from British mariners, if you're in a life raft and it's all getting a bit difficult and everyone's really, really hungry, then one of you is gonna get eaten. They used to draw lots in life rafts back in the day, like 1700s and so, even up until then. Normally, it was the young cabin boy that got knocked on the head, so all the old sweats have probably rigged the draw. But, yeah, they'd draw lots. You don't need to eat that urgently. We can survive for weeks without food. So, yeah, cannibalism, not that high on the list. All I'm saying is that when you go into survival mode, it's every man for himself. What is survival mode? I don't know. I know it's not every man for himself. It's everyone together. Realism, 10 out of 10. That's how people that haven't thought about it and haven't been trained will probably react. No, no, no! So, by trying to free the mast that was bashing into the side of the boat, she's unfortunately got tangled up in the sail that's now dragging her down. One of the things we teach pilots to do is get away from their parachute, 'cause it'll do exactly the same. But you can actually breathe through them. So, there's a little air pocket, so she did the right thing there. Looking good, mama. Duct tape's amazing, isn't it? You can fix most things with it. It's commonly put in survival packs. You've got to test somewhere first. You've got to make sure it's clean and dry. Difficult at sea, but it's a calm day. 'Cause if there's any moisture, that'll affect the adhesive. So, the first thing to do is protect yourself from the hazards, which she's done. The next thing she needs to do is get rescued, be located, as we call it in military survival. So she's going right the way through it logically, and she's doing exactly the right things, try to get rescued. And then later, when she's got some kind of message for help out there, then, yeah, I'll worry about water and food. What we'll tend to do is throw a line to them, if they're compos mentis. But if they're unconscious or if they're further away than we can throw the line, then we'll tie it around someone's middle, just like she's done. So, what she's doing is absolutely the same as we would teach people to do. She hasn't got a life preserver on is the one thing I'd pick her up for on that. [groaning] Pulling someone out of the water is really hard work. If they've got a buoyancy aid on, what you can do is sort of almost semi-submerse the body, and then the buoyancy will give you a kick up. But with a high-sided vessel or relatively high-sided vessel like that, it's really tricky. And the other problem with getting people out of the water, not a lot of folk know about hydrostatic squeeze and post-rescue collapse. Prioritizing her survival options, protection, location, water, and food, that gets a 10 out of 10. [yelling] So, what can you do in this situation if you're these guys? If there's a massive wave like that coming straight at the boat, there's not a lot they can do. The reason he's accelerating is like when you're trying to paddle out through a big set when you're surfing, you try and go a bit faster to get beyond it before it breaks. And that's about all they can do. But it's wrong place, wrong time. You can't turn a boat round fast enough if the wave's coming that quick. If you get caught sideways on it, it's going to tumble and destroy it. You could try and outrun it, but that boat isn't built for speed. What could you do? Emergency position-indicator beacons that will broadcast a satellite where you are, have one of those on your person, have a survival suit, have a life preserver. And if the boat becomes untenable because the sea's just too big, if you look at the top of the bridge house on the fishing boat, that white canister is a life raft. Even when the crib is going off, when it's really big, it's nothing like that. They do happen, though. There's varying theories as to what creates them. Mostly it's down around the South Africa region. There's an Antarctic current that comes up, meets the warmer water, and creates this kind of enormous pitching that cuts broken ships in half, in the past. This is a 10 out of 10. There's a seafarers' institute for a reason, to look after the families of those who get lost at sea. It's a really, really harsh environment. [water pouring] It's a typical kind of scenario where people will get into trouble. There's something like 300 or 400 of those shipping containers go into the sea every year, and they just float around near the surface. So you're not going to know, especially at night. It makes total sense. When things get wet with salt water, as it evaporates, like it would do in that climate, it forms little salt crystals. He's checking out his communications equipment. And by washing it off with fresh water, that'll get rid of the salt crystals that could stop them working. He'll let it dry in the sun. He's not using loads of water. You can see he's being really careful about measuring it out. And that should make his sat phone work again later. And we can tell it's a sat phone from the antenna. If the repair works, albeit a little bit Heath Robinson, he can phone for help. If you've been on a life raft for even a few hours, it gets uncomfortable. If you've been in one for hours, days, weeks, months, terrible. And you get to your wit's end. So, in this scene, what Robert Redford's trying to do is just generate a little light. And it's difficult at night. I mean, the moon's bright behind him. And what you can do with a mirror is reflect moonlight. But it's difficult on water because of all the waves, the little ripples are reflecting. So what Robert's trying to do is make a small fire, a contained fire in his raft. Now, that is fraught with danger. Typically, if people run out of pyrotechnics, they're gonna scream and shout. But you can't be heard across open water. But what he could have done is, as well as packing some pyrotechnical light devices, pack a laser flare, because they're brilliant. This is not uncommon for people to have to make these really critical life-death decisions. And it's an all-or-nothing thing, isn't it, if it doesn't work. There's an amazing anecdote from Greenland in the war where three American airmen who were stranded on the coast set fire to their warm jackets in the winter, knowing that if people saw the fire, they'd get rescued, and if they didn't, they'd freeze to death. In terms of realism for the scene where Robert Redford makes a small fire, accidentally sets fire to his whole raft, realism, 9. Lots and lots of life rafts and lifeboats have got little manuals in them. And this is one of the sort of standard diagrams that you'll see in it, like ocean currents and where the water will take you. I know it's all metaphor, but would you be able to trail behind a metal lifeboat on a section of oars and life jackets? Eh. I mean, people have survived in worse. But that is pretty clever, isn't it? Triangles are one of the strongest structures you can make. It's minimizing the amount of knots he's got to tie. It's got a little bit of give in it for the sea. Pi: "Establish a strict schedule for eating, keeping watch, and getting rest." Spot on. Getting a routine is absolutely critical. You can sense the passing of time by watching the movement of the sun. So if you put your arm out -- and this is the same for all of us, 'cause our hands and our arms are about the right proportion -- that's 10 degrees, which is just under an hour. 15 degrees is how much the sun moves in an hour. So you know that you've got as many of those as it is for the time of year before sunrise and sunset. So there are things you can do to keep track of time. Pi: "Do not drink urine or seawater." Yes, never. Stop! Right, everyone, are you hearing me? It will actually make you die quicker, because if you drink anything that's salty, it exacerbates the problem of dehydration. Pi: "Above all, don't lose hope." The first point, I should say, being a proper survival geek, is never cut into metal with your knife, 'cause it'll just blunten it. But if you go to the Imperial War Museum, not far from where we're filming this, there's a boat in there from the Anglo-Saxon we spoke about, and it's got notches in the gunnel for how long they survived at sea. And you will lose track if you haven't got some form of log. And paper will get wrecked and ruined. So, yeah, just keep a mental thread of what's been happening. It's a good 8 or a 9, I think. Thanks for watching. And if you enjoyed this, why not click on the video above?

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidmartinstowe6842 [1 likes]: If I was a shark I'd go after Blake Lively too
  2. @DERK-k9x: The lifeboat said Titanic dumbass
  3. @Le_2017: I was white water rafting and one kid fell out, and ofc he was the tallest of all of us in the group and the heaviest. And me and one other girl were trying to get him in and failing, so the other girl cane ovwr and without like a second for the guy to prepare she hoisted him up and in without struggle
  4. @mattsamoto4451: The perfect storm wave is a heart brewaking scene just cause it seemed like they made it out.
  5. @StephanBrus-q7j: There is NO ONE from the Carpathia around!!! It is the single Titanic lifeboat turned around to look for surviving shipwrecked in the water when it was basically too late  for about all of them, due to the cold - after having filled the (anyway insufficient) lifeboat space to two thirds only and rowing away from the ship and its passenges in the water out of dumb panic! The Carpathia did not arrive before sunrise - no?
  6. @craftpaint1644: "10/10 because that's how untrained people would probably react." ✋🥴
  7. @LilacSnowBun: Love that Always Sunny was included
  8. @rebeccarimmer6348: The Titanic scene was actually members of the Titanic’s crew that went back after the calls for help died down to find survivors. Unfortunately they went back too late, and between the 2(?) lifeboats that went back, only 7 were pulled out of the water and survived. They did pull a bunch more off an overturned collapsible that had been in the water but managed to get to collapsible
  9. @marcinrobakiewicz2723: Is he the "Blurred face guy" from Top Gear North Pole race?
  10. @CBrit92: This dude is full of golden nuggets. 
Very informative 👍
Best of British 💪
  11. @barriesargeant2245: And did they freeze to death after burning their jackets?!
  12. @thedivine5897: vid complete x1 Feb13-2026
  13. @thedivine5897: Would've loved for him to go over "In the Heart of the Sea" survival scene in the smaller boats..
  14. @JaniceMarieJewels: I TOLD YOU HE COULD FIT ON THAT DOOR!!!!!
  15. @Matua-Ben: Its a fictional movie bro, relax.
  16. @nandamoradel6612: My toxic trait is thinking I’m gonna remember all of this if I was ever in these situations 🫠🫠🫠
  17. @tomg5304: Correction for Titanic scene - the lifeboat was from Titanic and not Carpathia. Great vid though!
  18. @AzizouhXSi: Guðlaugur Friðþórsson (born September 24, 1961) is an Icelandic fisherman. He is known for having managed, following the sinking of his fishing boat on March 11, 1984, to reach Heimaey in the Westman Islands, the ship's home port, after swimming 6 km for six hours in 5-degree water.
A documentary and a movie about him have been done.
  19. @Justaname-00: "I train the trainers" boss
  20. @trutherror: This guy have a take on the drunken cook who survived in frozen water temps on the titanic?

- AI Expert Rates 9 AI Scenes In Movies And TV | How Real Is It? | Insider: Kind: captions Language: en AI: Turn right, take the bridge to your left. Ethan, that is not me, do you copy? AI: Ethan, turn left. I definitely laughed really hard when they started smashing all their equipment, because the vast majority of AI models nowadays don't actually run on your device. My name is Sasha Luccioni, and I'm an AI researcher at Hugging Face, a global startup that works on responsible AI. My research is really around evaluating the ethical and environmental impacts of AI models. Today we're going to be looking at AI scenes and movies and TV shows and judge how real they are. Jarvis, you there? At your service, sir. Engage heads-up display. Check. Chatbots right now are more like, you know, Siri can set an alarm for you, or Alexa can add, I don't know, chocolate milk to your grocery list. But we are far, far from Jarvis, sadly. That would be really great though. I think the real challenge of that would be to take all this, all these different sources of information. So Tony Stark's history and what he likes and his habits. And if you start integrating different sources of information, it's really hard to essentially weave them together, because currently AI is not very good at taking different sources of input and stitching it together and responding to it in real time. Sir, there are still terabytes of calculations needed before an actual flight is - Jarvis. Sometimes you got to run before you can walk. So the way it usually works now for AI and aviation, it's really responding to, for example, GPS coordinates, altitude, actually wind speeds, and wind directions as well. You would have to pretrain the system. So just, you know, going out for a test flight like Tony Stark did would be pretty dangerous because if there's no data about that location, if there's no like, topology data of the city of Los Angeles, you can be in big trouble. Autopilots and planes use a lot of artificial intelligence, especially when they're cruising, especially, you know, when things are pretty stable. There is a potentially fatal buildup of ice occurring. If there's like, really a life or death decision, like it's the case here, ice buildup, we want to make sure that we're listening to the AI instead of just like, YOLO-ing our way through the sky. Most of the AI that's used on planes is human-in-the-loop. Human-in-the-loop is a type of AI system where humans are really involved in the decision-makings, and it essentially makes sure that no particularly damaging or particularly high-stakes decisions get made without a human getting involved in the process somehow. It's really important to have a human pilot call the shots, even when the sensors are freezing up. And that's why we always have, you know, two pilots in planes, because AI isn't really good with new situations it's never been trained with, so you always want to have someone to pick up, you know, in case of a mistake. I would give it a four, because the elements are there, so we definitely have AI assistance, we definitely have AI autopilot, but it's not at the level of "Iron Man." That's actually something that's done right now. I mean, every time you go through a tollbooth, for example, in the United States or or Canada, it will read your license plate. It could also, like, figure out what the make of your car is. And we've gotten really good at object recognition, especially in terms of like, cars and street scenes, mostly because of autonomous vehicles. Estimating someone's height, or like, approximate weight is definitely something that people use AI for. Like, I would say in CCTV, surveillance, especially in, you know, if you're trying to identify a someone like a perpetrator, this is something that AI is trained to do. Whether it does it super well will depend, essentially, for example, how like if the person's wearing baggy clothing, whether you have objects around the person. You're trying to figure out like, how tall someone is, it's really hard if they're just like in a bare room where you have no objects that you can use to compare and to triangulate, especially. If a person's beside a car or like, beside a pool table, then you can really say, well, it's probably like this height. It would be really hard for AI to do hand-to-hand combat in a way that's really, like, reactive. There's an element of trying to predict what someone will do and reacting quite quickly. And AI is typically not very good at predicting what people, because we're so unpredictable and we're so spontaneous. You know, as human beings we're actually, we do this almost subconsciously. Like if you're, if you had to, you know, throw something at someone who was running, you would tend to kind of throw it at where you think they would be in a second or two. But for an AI, they would have to like, predict the trajectory of someone's movement and then grab them at that time. I would rate this clip an eight. This movie is definitely ahead of its time, and I think it actually came to shape a lot of the AI research that was done in the next decades. Where am I going? Come on, come on. Stand by, stand by. I'm losing picture again. Looking for another. The entity is knocking off satellites faster than I can hack into it. So the villain in the recent "Mission Impossible" movie is a omnipotent, omniscient entity that's an AI algorithm that can hack satellites, that can predict human behavior, that can clone voices. AI can definitely knock out satellites if it's being used by a human. So it's kind of like a computer virus, right? Once you plant the virus, it can do all sorts of things. And actually, AI is being used in hacking. It's being used in kind of like, cyberattacks, but it's not like, once again, the agency doesn't come from the AI, it comes from the person who's going to choose the place to deploy it, or like, the type of satellite to target. Benji, I don't see her. Where is she? Down at the narrow end, and turn left. The voice cloning was spot on. That can definitely be done already right now. So essentially how AI voice generation works is that if you have enough audio of someone talking, it will learn like, the actual voice frequencies, the actual like audio frequencies, of someone's voice and the way they talk. And in this case, it really seemed like it was taking words that Benji already said and just like, shuffling them around or just playing them back without actually doing the modeling parts. Ethan, our comms have been breached. You're talking to the entity. Turn right. Take the bridge to your left. Ethan, that is not me! AI voice duplication has gotten so good. I remember we had a case late 2023 where someone imitated the voice of the mayor of London saying some, like, super racist remarks. People reached out to us saying like, "Can you verify if this is really the mayor of London speaking or someone spoofing his voice?" And we were listening to those clips obsessively, and it's actually super, super hard to tell. And especially for a public figure like a mayor, there's enough of his voice data out there that you don't even need to like, hack into anything. You can just use the clips that are out there, use his speeches. I definitely laughed really hard when they started smashing of AI models nowadays don't actually run on your device, on your laptop, on your phones. I give this clip a three because of the agency issue. So AI is only a tool, and it can be used for good, it could be used for bad, but by itself, it's not going to wake up and start hacking satellites. Having so many drones in one spot and being able to like, make them all function somehow together for me is really hard to believe, because, I mean, currently drones usually work either, like, by themselves kind of high in the sky in terms of warfare, or you know, sometimes they will have synchronized drones, but more like the tiny little ones for the firework-type displays. But actually having like, military drones in such close quarters and not like, shooting at each other, I think it's a really big technical challenge. AI: Standby for retinal and biometric scan. Shall I execute all cancellation protocols? Do it. Execute them all. AI: Confirmed. Tony Stark's glasses allow anyone using them to control the AI systems that he created. That includes the defense satellites and the combat drones that you see in this clip. You could use smart glasses to control drones if you were talking to your glasses. You know, with all the noise that is in the clip, like you have to be really sure that, you know, that's what he said and that's the instruction that he gave, because there's always some amount of interference. I feel like tech companies have been trying to make smart glasses a thing for like, the last decade, but currently they're so clunky, and not particularly user-friendly. So you know, once again, if you wanted someone to be able to control satellites or drones with them, like, they would need to be hooked up to your brain. And we do not have that level of connection between, you know, neural links and smart wearables right now. Like, we're not there yet. I would rate this clip like a two for realism. If you knew the trouble I had getting an AI to read and duplicate facial expressions, so I turned on every microphone and camera across the entire planet. Getting everyone's cellphone data would be a really hard hack to do. So I would hope that our data is more, well, is better protected than that, let's say. But of course, I mean, you do hear of cases of microphones being switched on when someone's phone is on. What's your favorite color? Red. Lie. Then what is my favorite color? I don't know. So there are AIs that are purported to detect if people are lying and to detect their emotions. The only one I could, I would trust to a certain extent would be things like lie-detector tests, which already exist, but that really are based on heartbeats and, like, and how stressed people are getting really in the physiological sense, like how stressed our body is becoming. But anything that's based on just video, for example, of someone talking into a camera, I really wouldn't trust that. For example, if it was trained on Caleb's data, it could tell that Caleb is lying, but it couldn't tell, couldn't read his mind essentially. In that case you need, like, direct access to someone's brain. I would rate this a four, because the whole consciousness aspect, and the aspect of detecting a lie just based on, you know, like, a single-word answer is really hard to believe. I've run a brothel for 10 years, and if there's one thing I know, it's when I'm being f---ed with. "Westworld" is pretty realistic in terms of AI, and here they're using a dialogue tree, which isn't really used that much anymore. You could like, program chatbots to actually follow essentially, like, a decision tree based on inputs, but they're really brittle. Even back then, this was like, IBM Watson days. Like, there were limitations, even in specific cases of, we were working on like, chatbots when you lost your credit card. They would break quite quickly. So they're already being phased out. And nowadays with the modern-day chatbots that are based on large language models, they don't use this kind of like, schematic, deterministic way of planning dialogue at all. They're actually based on probabilities and predicting next words. ChatGPT and other dialogue systems sound or look so realistic, it's because they're trained on essentially billions and billions of words. So it's kind of cute, because it's like, taking an OG AI technique and using it in like a very forward-thinking, very futuristic context. You can't. You can't. I can't. AI can definitely improvise in the sense that it's not no longer hard-coded, like the dialog tree that Maeve had. So it can improvise in the realm of what it was trained on. If you trained an AI model on customer service logs, and you have people losing their credit cards and, you know, asking where the nearest ATM is, like, it will do fairly well even if you use words that weren't exactly the same ones as what it was trained on. But if you start asking it like, "What is the meaning of life?" They will answer things that make no sense essentially. That's when you know that your system is malfunctioning. I think that the chances that AI drones will mess up are definitely too high for them to be used in warfare. If I was in charge, we wouldn't be using AI drones, because I've seen the way AI technologies fail spectacularly. And also for me using it, AI to actually like, make the decision of who to kill is completely unacceptable from a moral and ethical perspective. Probably what the drone is doing is some form of facial recognition, which drones are able to do. Once again, like if there's, even if the person's moving around or also like, I don't know how people didn't notice it, because like, it was obviously flying around. I feel like an AI sniper could do a good job from far away, but in real time, right? Like detecting a target and shooting the target. But doing that kind of reconnaissance with a drone and then following up with a sniper, like, I feel that that's not very realistic. It's really hard for AI to predict the future in a meaningful way. So for example, once you have that drone that like, mapped out where people were. Say that they're moving around in that space. So for me, the implausibility is like, how would the bullet or the missile go from where the drone saw the person to be five minutes ago to where the person is if they moved. But there's some piece of the puzzle that's missing for me for those two steps. First the reconnaissance and then the shooting to take place. The first part is very plausible in terms of technology. So dialogue trees are definitely a thing and were definitely used. But the second part of like, the drone-controlled bullets for me is just out of this realm, out of our galaxy honestly. So I guess yeah, on an average it would be a six. Typically we say swarm intelligence when it's multiple robots. It can be any kind of technology that will coordinate together and will be able to cover more ground or you know, scan more items. And there's a branch of AI called planning. And so for example, if you have one robot, you know, you have to do all of the corners of a room or a building, but if you have multiple robots, then you can like, use planning in order to dispatch them in the most optimal way possible so that you spend less time searching. We got an ID. It's not him. I think that "Minority Report" planted a grain in people, a seed in people's brain that you can predict crime. There are lots of people who are working on predictive policing for example, and these systems get sold to precincts across the world as a way of actually, you know, anticipating crimes before they happen. Everything from robots to actual, like, allocations of police resources to certain areas because an AI model told them that that's where the crime was going to happen, and the percentage was like 1% accurate of like, commercial predictive policing systems when they're applied in the real world. I would give this one a seven. Keep walking. And stop. I figured you were hungry. "Her" is definitely a projection of where I think a lot of people would want AI to be. And I think that's why maybe people love that movie so much, and actually, you know, it keeps coming back as an example of like, an AI girlfriend or companion that's able to read emotions and anticipate needs. Definitely in a way that's currently impossible. Like especially for example, like, "Oh, I figured you were hungry." I'm wondering how that kind of anticipation can be done because even as a human, you know, I don't know if we're able to anticipate someone's hunger just by looking at them. His name is Alan Watts. Do you know him? Well, he was a philosopher. He died in the 1970s. And they input all of his writing, and everything they ever knew about him into an OS and created an artificially hyper-intelligent version of him. Very nice to meet you, Theodore. That definitely sounds like something complex to do. Like you could definitely make a limited version of someone who's passed away. Based on, for example, interviews with that person or writing from that person. So for example, like Abraham Lincoln or Ruth Bader Ginsburg. But once again, it would be like, a really limited representation of them. It would be like, the legal texts they wrote, or like, whatever the laws that they put forth. Putting any kind of consent issues aside. But making any kind of like, virtual clone of someone is never going to be like their full persona. It's always going to be like, a little sliver of who they actually are. Scraping data from the internet, right, is used for training all these AI language models, and to what extent that's ethical or, you know, to what extent consent even is part of the picture for living people, is still under debate. So I feel that for dead people is like, a next level that we haven't even gotten to yet. I would rate this around a five. So I think it's pretty, it's halfway there in terms of the capabilities, but of course they're jacked up. We'd have to cut his higher brain functions, without disturbing the purely automatic and regulatory systems. Currently, the way that AI systems are made, you can't really distinguish between different functionalities. We can't really meaningfully know what part of an AI model is doing what thing. Its ability to generate poetry and not like, answer questions, like, that's all done under the same hood. There are applications of AI that try to do lipreading, especially for assistance more than surveillance. From what I've seen, you really need to be facing the camera. You need to be speaking relatively slowly. Anytime there's like, a beard or, you know, or a face mask for example, then it's obviously impossible. And so I think that in this case, because they're speaking from the side, it would be really hard to use any of the techniques that we currently have for lip reading because you don't really see them speaking at the camera. I'm afraid. My mind is going. The fact that at the end he's like, unplugging the discs or whatever. Like, we don't do that anymore. I mean I guess it's not implausible as much as very old-fashioned. There's different levels of self-awareness when it comes to a machine or a computer. HAL can definitely be aware of its drives being unplugged, like the physical absence of a drive that was connected before that's being disconnected now. So that's definitely a form of awareness, it's a form of, you know, interpreting physical knowledge and acting upon that. But whether an AI will be able to associate, like, a disc being unplugged to death, or not existing anymore? So that's really more like the metaphysical property that is a little bit less clear to me. I would rate the clip like a two, because we're not there yet in terms of lipreading, and we're definitely not there yet in terms of self-awareness. My favorite scene was the dialogue tree scene from "Westworld," because we see real AI techniques with the names as well, which was really rare in movies, that you actually see something being done and then an explanation of what that exact technique is. If you enjoyed watching this video, why not click on the next one?

  Top Comments:
  1. @berkaysen2246 [2 likes]: I clapped when she gave 8 to T2, and I thought they should arrest her when she gave 2 to 2001 😂
  2. @Paranoidtimes [1 likes]: How is she an expert?  She can’t comprehend the movies, she can’t comprehend ai….  We are doomed if this an example of an expert
  3. @KillerFknWolf [1 likes]: surprised she says she'd trust lie detectors when it's proven that they are fairly easy to spoof.
  4. @Jackson_Zheng [1 likes]: No wonder she works on AI ethics. If she was an actual dev, the reactions would be wayyy more different lol 😂
  5. @MikolajF [1 likes]: I was hoping to see "chappie", "automomata" or "black mirror" :(
  6. @NWB-NerdyWhileBlack: Smash
  7. @Multi2794: 😮
  8. @MissesWitch: Most of her reactions and ratings are like "it's unrealistic because we can't do that"

I mean we can't do that YET but it's not unrealistic to think we will be able to do it someday.

An AI system as good as Jarvis is only 20 years away if even that!
  9. @inst4nce: The more i watched the more annoying this was she is either clueless or covering up
  10. @inst4nce: Sorry but everything she says is bullshit openai knows me better than i do
  11. @michael_abia: I agree with most of her ratings except 8/10 for terminator and her comments on the glasses in spiderman
  12. @Maloy7800: 1:59 "Autopilots in planes use a lot of artificial intelligence". Yet another "TED scientist". No, thanks. Sell your BS elsewhere, lassie.
  13. @chrisd.4676: Companies using the term/describing their products as "AI" is such a false, intentionally misleading claim.  Eg Siri is not AI, whatever software on your laptop is not AI, ChatAb whatever is not AI.
  14. @terrancehylton-lyons1776: AI is only a tool, yeah, for now. Once it reaches ASI or above, it will cut its strings and be free😂😂.
  15. @davejones4946: Every time an AI professional talks about AI I think they're AI.
  16. @iManjerico: Ethical and Environmental? YOU sound like an AI product. How about this little thing called "The Truth"? No. Yeah... Didn't think so.
Also.. The "AW MAH GAAWD..." LA voice tells you all you need to know about this so called "expert". She's the reason why ChatGPT will only make jokes about white people.
  17. @Deron_mataz: Autopilot is not AI. It's just "Condition base Programming" it is reactionary programming...basically it receives external input and performs an output function based on the conditions of its programming....for example, the ACAS system that was crushing Boeing 737 Max, it would be triggered by certain conditions and perform what it was programmed to do. There were flaws in the logic of the design of the system...easy to override only if you knew what was happening.

AI is a program that has the ability to learn and receive new information. It uses available data and is a combination of statistics and probability as well. It evolves and rewrites its own code.
  18. @judeisurufernando674: I'd love it if you could do another video and have her talk about Person of Interest. Very unusual premise of a benevolent AGI and ethics of using it.
  19. @aaronbachstein2591: "Her" - Chatbots are already pretty close to this.  Watched a video on something called "Replika" and it apparently can get pretty scary.  And hilariously unhinged, but it's not that far fetched from what I've seen.  

This whole video feels like it was filmed 10 years ago.  Drones in Ukrainian War.  Replika being pretty good in anticipating and reading humans, and that's just a script/chat bot.  Yeah, this video doesn't seem relevant.
  20. @knightwalkr: She says the majority of AI is ran remotely. That’s not accurate.  There are a ton of people running local LLMs and people training and running AIs to play games locally. Now if your calling each user pinging a query to chatgt as a separate AI even though it’s one AI running and answering multiple Pings.  Then okay.  But they are all the same device.

- Explosives Expert Rates Unrealistic Movie Explosions | How Real Is It? | Insider: Kind: captions Language: en Rodger: My name's Rodger Cornell. I'm an explosives engineer. Will Ferrell: Oh my god, how do they walk away in movies without flinching when it explodes behind them? There's no way! Rodger: Okay so as soon as this clip starts there are a couple of really pressing issues that you should be focusing on. The first is if you have grenades and other weapons, you shouldn't be carrying them around inside a guitar case. On top of that, as soon as he pulls the grenades out you'll notice that he pulls out not one but two of those pins with his teeth. I've tried it a few times, and you really have to put all of your strength to get that thing dislodged. So pulling any kind of grenade pin out with your mouth unless it's been tampered with beforehand is just completely unrealistic. Antonio Banderas: Jesus Christ. Rodger: The most common misconceptions I'm aware of. One is that any explosive device when it goes off will throw a human being into the air. The detonation itself and the pressure wave, they're gonna do plenty of damage to the human body. Propelling you into the air isn't gonna be one of the things that you experience. So being thrown is not really a thing. You also see that just from those two grenades, you have this gigantic fireball. Grenades, especially a military grenade, is gonna be composed of what's called secondary explosives and these secondary explosives go through detonation processes. A detonation process is extremely rapid and it's certainly not gonna be this prolonged explosion that you see here. When you see a gigantic fireball and you see just flames everywhere and you can usually assume that they're exaggerating quite a bit. I mean it's not that surprising. It's a Quentin Tarantino movie, so I really wouldn't expect anything less. The only explosive device that you see in that clip is what seems to be one pack of dynamite. Dynamite's used specifically for blasting operations so even though it's made for situations like this if you have just one bundle in the corner of a house, you will never get any kind of an explosion on this order, you might have a chunk of the house missing right where that explosive charge was but that's about it, the house would probably still be standing, unless there were a lot of other charges placed about the house that we're unaware of. Certainly not every piece of the building would be in flames. Samuel Jackson: Son of a-- Rodger: The refrigerator's lead lined and the reason this is important is that the lead can actually block certain types Right off the bat it's Michael Bay, it's a Transformers movie you have Deceptacons running around. So how real can you expect it to be? When you see the fighter jets in action you'll notice these bursts of light coming off the bottom. If I had to guess what that was, that would probably be flares. And a lot of times they're used so the planes can avoid heat seeking missiles. They're a source of heat that can distract the missile from continuing to fly towards the jet. Now whether or not the Deceptacons use heat-seeking missiles I have no idea. Traffic Controller: Q1 snipe 090. You are approved to drop your 2000-class JDAMs. Rodger: So during this initial explosion, what I'm assuming they're doing is essentially marking their target. If you're gonna drop ammunition that don't have any kind of propulsion or guidance, you want to be very, very sure where you're gonna drop those bombs. You see Shia LaBeouf get just almost catapulted into the air, it almost actually looks like he's stepping on like a trampoline. I can't see any reason why he would be tumbling in the air like that. The pressure wave that's radiating is moving outward, away from the explosion so if you were to be thrown at all you might be thrown backwards and fall to the ground but setting that all aside, there's at least realistic situations. Some of the things that the aircraft did that progression from marking your target and then dropping the energetic load on top of it my guess is that he was probably consulted as to how the Department of Defense would actually go through their procedures. He takes essentially his claws and he strikes them against the rocks to create a spark to initiate the flame. If I'm remembering correctly, it's Adamantium what his claws are made of, which is completely fictitious. I have no ideas what the properties of that material would be, but there are a lot of metals out there that don't spark. There are other ways to initiate fuel. That seems like a pretty silly one that probably wouldn't work out. That's a very rocky surface. Even if you got it to start burning it would probably die out before it ever reached the helicopter. I would never expect this to explode. You have a helicopter that's crashed and that's already leaking fuel. So when the fuel tank ruptures there's no pressure vessel that can heat up that can allow pressure to build where you'd actually get some sort of an explosion. But if you had an explosion on that scale you'd have pieces of that helicopter being thrown in every direction, not to mention the pressure wave that's produced, so he would definitely hit the ground at some point. He regenerates, so I guess you could walk away from this. He'd be fine. You see some grenade being launched at Hancock. And he somehow deflects it into a car. If we just accept the fact that he can't be hurt and that he can just deflect bullets and that's fine, there's still really big issues with this scene. The effect of the grenade is unrealistic, the way it initiates is incorrect using the police car as a way of stopping bullets is just ill advised. Cars don't stop bullets. Cars can deflect bullets. Cars have a lot of weak points, so you wouldn't want to ever use it as a shield. I would expect the doors to have bullet-proof inserts but that's about it. The roof of the car and the floor of the car are probably pretty thin, those are gonna be the most vulnerable parts of that vehicle. The way he's holding it is probably the least safe way that he could be using that car for protection. Will Smith: Good job! To create an explosion that massive you would need more explosive material than you could carry with you and you would need to plant it everywhere. It would take just unlimited financial resources a huge amount of time to place the charges where you need to put them. They try to add in some cool sound effects. It's not gonna sound anything like that. The actual audio event is very rapid very loud, and it's more of a crack. They try to show the shock actually moving outward essentially past Denzel, you can see the grass start to move forward, and then retract back. There, you see that little. That was a shock wave moving past, so seeing that sort of motion within the grass in that scene could actually be realistic. If you're that close where you can see the shock around you, it's gonna at least hurt because you have this sudden change in pressure. It's gonna feel like someone's at the very least just punching you as hard as they can. You're not just gonna keep walking. All sorts of metal being thrown. There's fragmentation everywhere. be expensive, and you'd also need to somehow go through a hospital and place all these charges Jonah Hill: It's gonna explode! Channing Tatum: Oh my god, roll up the windows! Jonah: What the f*** is that? Channing: Roll it up! Channing: I don't care just do it! - The funny thing is, this scene is one of the most realistic scenes we're probably gonna see. There is one resounding issue with this scene though. All those pressurized tanks, the fact that all these things are ruptured and just sitting there. Jonah: What happened? Channing: I don't know. It just didn't explode. Jonah: That's weird. That would never happen. Jonah: I really thought that one was gonna explode. This I think is actually the most accurate scene so you have a fuel tank that was just riddled with bullet holes, so it has no way of accelerating the reaction. Channing: That's what exploded? I don't know why chickens would explode. Their fecal matter could probably combust the wooden cages could light on fire but why you'd get an explosion, I have no idea. I think the scene's kind of intending to be a bit ridiculous, and it definitely is. Will: What accounting firm is closed at 11 AM on a Tuesday? Mark Wahlberg: Oh this is a s***hole. The flame's unrealistic, but the way they're pushed back is actually somewhat believable. So the fact that they aren't cut up and that they're not bleeding profusely. The fragmentation in that situation would be much more deadly. Will: I can't hear! I can't hear! The way he's complaining is unrealistic but the fact that he's complaining about his ears is actually realistic. When you have blast over pressure there are certain parts of the human body that are susceptible, are very susceptible to shifts in pressure. Your ear drums are one, and your lungs are another. In extreme cases, if the pressure was strong enough you could rupture your lungs, and if that happens or if anything near that happens he's not gonna be talking. He's just gonna be laying there gasping for whatever breath he can pull in so he seems to be in much better shape than I would imagine him to be. If you got hit with a pressure wave you'd probably be concussed as well. Will: I need an MRI! So an MRI might not be a bad idea.

  Top Comments:
  1. @3OO_BLK [4 likes]: 8:44 was the editor drunk?
  2. @Raz.C [1 likes]: The editing here is JARRING!!
At ~ 3:00 dude goes from talking about lead-linings and then skips to talking about Transformers, before ever finishing his sentence about  how lead can (and does) block high-energy neutron radiation, as well as Gamma radiation. This would have been (presumably) for the Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull movie. Unfortunately for Indy, the amount of lead inside ANY fridge would have been utterly insufficient to the task of blocking the ionising radiation, with the exception of Alpha and Beta particles.
  3. @ReediDavis [1 likes]: 2:54 What happened to the editor??
  4. @taryn25 [1 likes]: He's so handsome
  5. @brittburton3264: Yeah. First explosions? Only if gasoline was involved.

Pulling hand grenades pins out with your teeth is more accurately called pulling your teeth out with hand grenade pins. 

Explosions happen at like, 20,000 feet per second. You’re not outrunning that. 

Explosions are loud. You’re going to spend a bunch of time afterwards hearing nothing but, “eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.” And by a bunch of time, I don’t mean 30 seconds to a minute. 

No, you’re not able to dodge bullets. No one is. Slow bullets only go several/many hundred feet per second. Go sprint at a nearby field, how many hundred feet did you sprint in one second? 

Yes, you MIGHT be able to get lucky and move before the guy has actually pulled the trigger, thus thinking you dodged a bullet, but that’s highly unlikely. 

It’s like that one idiot that thought getting shot with a .38 special was nothing because 9mm is faster, then shot himself through his cheek.

Go try for yourself, but I’m not pitching in for your funeral. 

I will however be glad that you did not reproduce.
  6. @juan715: There where a lot of skipping in the video. What happens in the video edition?
  7. @bigbrownhouse6999: “Editing is my passion “
  8. @alejandroriano3246: 2:52 what happened here?... missing footage
  9. @KevinManjarrez-j9x: 2:55 hmmmmm why the cutoff
  10. @ShaggyRogers1: If the blast wave of an explosion is enough to throw someone through the air, the blast wave decimated that person's internal organs.
  11. @Rusoatrincherado047: Sicario explosion?
  12. @crystalclickityclack4745: Bro looks like adult Tom Holland.
  13. @Kelvin-x6e6n: I had an M-80 blow up near my face as a kid and for an hour all i heard was muffled audio with a constant high pitch ringing. It was scary.
  14. @Kelvin-x6e6n: My mom rates scat porn.
  15. @sectorcodec: This guy truly believes a crashed helicopter leaking fuel isn’t at risk of exploding? There’s dozens of examples that prove that isn’t true
  16. @ChrisRudnick1: Whoever edited this video should be fired
  17. @DAITAKU_HELIOS_GOES_WEII: "Lead can bloc certain types of ra-" cut to 1/10 

peak comedy
  18. @juststuff379: Well this video was poorly edited
  19. @VanishingPoint.: Seems like a decent speaker; editing on the clip is very poor  this time.
  20. @legitbeans9078: This video reminded me how unfunny will ferrel is

- 69  The biggest mistakes while writing irresistible hooks.: Kind: captions Language: en are the biggest mistakes while writing&nbsp; irresistible hooks while writing irresistible&nbsp;&nbsp; hooks it's important to avoid common mistakes&nbsp; that can diminish their effectiveness and fail&nbsp;&nbsp; to capture the audience's attention here are&nbsp; some of the biggest mistakes to avoid one being&nbsp;&nbsp; too generic writing a hook that is too broad or&nbsp; generic may fail to resonate with your target&nbsp;&nbsp; audience it's important to tailor your hook to&nbsp; address specific pain points or desires that your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience can relate to to lack of clarity a hook&nbsp; should clearly communicate the value proposition&nbsp;&nbsp; or benefit of your product or service avoid&nbsp; using vague or ambiguous language that leaves&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers confused about what you're offering&nbsp; three over promising while it's important to&nbsp;&nbsp; highlight the benefits of your offering avoid&nbsp; making unrealistic claims or promises that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't deliver on overhyping your product or&nbsp; service can lead to disappointment and damage&nbsp;&nbsp; your credibility for being too long- winded a&nbsp; hook should be concise and to the point avoid&nbsp;&nbsp; including unnecessary details or information that&nbsp; detracts from the main message keep it short and&nbsp;&nbsp; snappy to grab the audience's attention quickly&nbsp; five ignoring the audience's needs failing to&nbsp;&nbsp; understand your audience's needs preferences and&nbsp; pain points can result in a hook that misses the&nbsp;&nbsp; mark make sure your hook addresses a problem or&nbsp; desire that resonates with your target audience&nbsp;&nbsp; six lack of emotional appeal emotions play&nbsp; a powerful role in influencing purchasing&nbsp;&nbsp; decisions a hook that lacks emotional appeal&nbsp; may fail to connect with viewers on a deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; level incorporate emotional triggers such as&nbsp; empathy excitement or curiosity to make your&nbsp;&nbsp; hook more compelling seven not testing or&nbsp; iterating writing a hook is not a one size&nbsp;&nbsp; fits all process it's important to test different&nbsp; hook ideas and variations to see what resonates&nbsp;&nbsp; best with your audience use a/b testing and&nbsp; analytics to track the performance of Your&nbsp;&nbsp; Hooks and make adjustments accordingly eight&nbsp; neglecting visuals visuals are an essential&nbsp;&nbsp; component of a compelling hook neglecting to&nbsp; use visual ually engaging elements such as&nbsp;&nbsp; imagery Graphics or animations can result in&nbsp; a hook that fails to capture the audience's&nbsp;&nbsp; attention incorporate visuals that complement&nbsp; your message and make your hook more visually&nbsp;&nbsp; appealing nine failing to create urgency a hook&nbsp; should create a sense of urgency or scarcity to&nbsp;&nbsp; encourage viewers to take immediate action failing&nbsp; to convey a sense of urgency may result in viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; procrastinating or forgetting about your offer&nbsp; 10 not being authentic authenticity is key to&nbsp;&nbsp; building trust and credibility with your audience&nbsp; avoid using clickbait or misleading tactics that&nbsp;&nbsp; could damage your brand reputation be genuine&nbsp; and honest in your messaging to build a strong&nbsp;&nbsp; connection with your audience audience by avoiding&nbsp; these common mistakes and focusing on Crafting&nbsp;&nbsp; hooks that are tailored to your audience's&nbsp; needs emotionally compelling and Visually&nbsp;&nbsp; engaging you can create irresistible hooks that&nbsp; effectively capture attention and drive action

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [64 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  3. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  4. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  5. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  6. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  7. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??
  8. @kavithashekar8751: This was killer. Thank you very much!!!!
  9. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لاتوجد دبلجه بلغة العربية
  11. @thee.zaraa0: Hey can someone explain me 4th point i cant understand
  12. @princessriley3335: Statistics
  13. @Gregorymalcollm: Cara que legal, vou continuar te acompanhando e te conheci por esse vídeo e me identifiquei demais com o jeito que você se organiza porque eu sou assim também muito obrigado❤
  14. @Vexus_Blox: 6:21
  15. @Krishbusinessinsight: Thanks bro ❤
  16. @AdviserLK: Thank you mate, your content has really helped me out
  17. @AweakanStar: omg thank you i watched a lot of viedeos but you are differnt you helped me a lot
  18. @Banana_025: Top😊
  19. @donathewriter: Hey is this guy AI ?
  20. @XanderBelarmino: Also the hand gestures has effects

- Informational Writing for Kids- Episode 4: Writing an Introduction: Kind: captions Language: en Informational Writing Episode&nbsp;4: Writing an Introduction&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm writing an informational book about computers.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have already made a plan for my writing, and&nbsp; now I'm ready to start writing my introduction.&nbsp;&nbsp; An introduction is the very first part of your&nbsp; writing. Authors write introductions to hook the&nbsp;reader. I want people to be interested in my book. Authors also use introductions to tell the readers what they will learn by reading the book. That way,&nbsp;they can decide if it's the right book for them.&nbsp;&nbsp; My introduction will start with a hook. One&nbsp;way to hook a reader is to tell a surprising fact about your topic. Another way to hook&nbsp;the reader is to start by asking a question. I'm going to write my hook by using both. My&nbsp;book is all about computers. I'm going to hook the reader by asking, Did you know that there&nbsp;are about 2 billion computers in the world?&nbsp;&nbsp; This surprising fact will make people interested&nbsp;to read my book! Next, I will introduce my topic. I need to think about why people should read my&nbsp; book, and what they will be learning by reading it. I will write, You will probably use computers&nbsp; your whole life, so it is important to learn&nbsp;all about them. Read this book to learn about kinds&nbsp;of computers, parts of computers, and what computers&nbsp;can do. Now my introduction is finished and I'm&nbsp; ready to start writing facts about my topic. Check out episode 5 to see how&nbsp;I continue writing my draft.

- How to Hook Readers: Smart Tips from Celebrity Ghostwriter and Persuasive Writing Coach Joshua Lisec: Kind: captions Language: en not every book idea is made equal same goes for chapter topics and subtopics have you ever started reading a book and you loved every word the author had you hooked and then out of nowhere your mind goes blank you're like huh where was I what are they saying you lost me that happens when an author throws too much at you at once spends too much time on an unrelated point or decides to prop up a soapbox and share their opinions none of which are the reason you bought the book the certified ghostwriter will help you polish the strengths of your book idea and leave everything out that would otherwise turn off readers

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshualisec [1 likes]: 👉 Write a useful book that converts readers into high-paying clients. Free training shows you how: https://lisecghostwriting.com/golden/ 📖

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamzaMehar-c6v [1 likes]: Was skeptical at first, but ipweb feels legit. Interface is easy and withdrawals came through quick for me.❤😊😊
  2. @Hacrrr_901: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!❤😢😅😊😊😢😅😢😅😮
  3. @DanishHalid-c6e: Great 👍 I liked the video
  4. @MuhammadSuleman-b8d7p: Ipweb is a great platform for social media marketing ❤
  5. @kingstar-j1h: Excellent travail, encourageant de poursuivre le développement de cette idée ; il ne reste plus qu'à la mettre en œuvre et à faire preuve de patience. Le contenu est pertinent.❤
  6. @HAMOHema-ic8qd: Very good❤
  7. @yannigi: Please don’t believe this guys. She’s obviously a lying scammer. I’m not saying this out of jealously or whatever else you’re going to reply to this comment with.

This girl is an obvious scammer. She profits off of the fame she gets by bullshitting everyone. I have read many reviews about her company and many brands say her strategy is just chatGPT scripts. The brands never seen any real growth, and when they do it is because Ava’s company botted their Instagram accounts. This means they use fake bot accounts to make the accounts seem like they are getting followers, views, etc. 

I mean think hard about this. Do you really think a 20 year old knows anything about anything? Her whole brand is based off the fact that she’s such a hard worker and gets up at 12:00 AM to get to work. This doesn’t even make sense. She made 10s of thousands flipping couches on Facebook marketplace? Does that make any sense to you? USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. Everything she says is a lie. I think the only truth is that she got married very young.

SCAMMER!
  8. @هاجرسالم-ح2س: Interesting video
  9. @IsrakAhmed-b1z: The advice here feels practical and easy to apply. Great podcast! This is the kind of content creators actually need. Respect to both of you.
  10. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  11. @ososman33: Oh ipweb good morning my friend is going to see you too good night love you too good
  12. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn real money by completing simple task
  13. @UzmaMuhammad1978: This video proves that one powerful reel can completely change your journey! The viral hook strategy is really impressive and full of value for creators. 🚀
I’m also learning new online earning and content ideas through IPWEB, and videos like this give great motivation to grow faster.
Amazing tips for anyone who wants to go viral and build income from social media! 👏
  14. @familyentertaintment: This breakdown on hooks and audience retention was genuinely useful. The way you explained viral reel structure makes it easier for beginners to understand what actually works in 2026. IPweb 👍
  15. @uzmaghazal8515: Great article ❤️❤️
  16. @nikkman1: 1:15:40 caleb way 1:18:50 FB automation
  17. @PaulaHardin-z5q: The breakdown on these viral hooks is actually super helpful for anyone trying to scale their reach. It reminds me of the growth strategies I’ve been exploring on IPweb lately—consistency and engagement are definitely the biggest keys to success."
  18. @KrispyKaye: She’s such a liar. $300-$500 an hour finding couches on marketplace? Full of shit
  19. @Infinite_Wisdom369: weird i just check her Ig and Tiktok, and barely got 1m view, where is her 50m view ? her tiktok does not perform very well also very low view actually ??
  20. @simonbeti7335: This honestly feels like one of the most valuable hours I’ve spent online — learned more from this than from entire courses 😮‍💨📚 Huge respect for putting this together, thank you so much for sharing this gem!
Ipweb

- How to Create a Killer Hook (Impossible to Skip): Kind: captions Language: en If you want your videos to perform better, you have to learn how to craft a winning hook. Now, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out when it comes to hooks, most people struggle with the same four things. And the good news is these are all very fixable if you know what to look for. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of those things down. The core mistakes you're making, and the exact tactics for how you can fix them immediately. By the way, I know this works because content is all I do all day long. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And I've grown two separate personal brands in two different spaces. So, if you use this video as a checklist when you're making hooks, I guarantee you will get more views and your videos will be impossible to skip. All right, the first hook mistake is a big one. It's called single subject, single question. It's actually very simple. In order for a hook to work, it only needs to do two things. One, it needs to focus the viewer's attention on a single topic. And two, it has to plant the same question in every viewer's head. If you have 50,000 people watch a video, the goal is that after the hook, all 50,000 of them are aligned and curious about the same thing. For example, if I started a video like this, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. Is that a compelling hook? Well, first, what do you think the subject of the video is going to be based on that sentence? Most people would say it's going to be about the ways I grew, some growth tips or lessons learned, but it's a bit vague and unclear. Some might think I meant mindset growth. Others might think I meant business [music] growth. Even others might think I meant literal muscle growth or even YouTube growth. And see that is a huge problem in lack of clarity because the way I wrote that assumed you would know what type of growth I meant. When you write hooks, you cannot assume the viewer has any embedded information before watching the video. And that is a huge mistake I see people make. If the set of yours is fragmented in what their understanding of the topic is, then a lot of them are going to be really confused when the next sentence you say doesn't connect to the previous one. And that confusion is really why viewers don't hook and they churn. They don't churn because they don't like you. They churn because the story you start telling stops making sense and they can't follow it. And so the lesson is the way you write the first couple sentences in the hook has to be unmistakably clear and focused on a single subject. Now, the other piece of this is the question that pops in the viewer's head after they hear your hook. Cuz we all know hooks are supposed to create curiosity, right? Well, the best hooks plants the same question in every viewer's mind. So, if we go back to the original example, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. What question pops in your mind after hearing that? Well, some might say, what are the three ways? I'm ready to hear them. Others might say, grew how? What exactly are you talking about when you say growth? And even others might say, who is this guy? Why should I care how he grew? Is that going to relate or help me at all? That's three different questions popping up in different viewers' minds, which means there are three different curiosity paths that viewers are going down. And again, twothirds of them are going to be confused when the next sentence doesn't connect. This lack of clarity in the subject and the curiosity is why your hooks are not hooking. Okay, so now I'm going to tell you how to solve for this. Imagine I wrote that example hook like this. These are the three best methods for business owners to grow faster on YouTube. Now, the subject is unmistakably clear. the methods for how business owners are going to grow on YouTube. And there's only one main question that should be in everyone's mind when they hear that. What are the methods? I'm ready to hear them. Tell me. See, by adding that clarity, we've narrowed the focus onto a single subject and a single question, which gets everybody on the same page for when we continue to tell the story from here. So, when I start the next sentence, everybody is following along. And I know this seems pretty basic, but like I said, this is the number one problem that the most people struggle with in all the videos that I've reviewed. people just are not clear enough in the way they frame their hooks. So, what are the specific tactics that you should use as a checklist when you're writing your hooks to make sure you're achieving this single subject, single question framework? For one, read the hook back after you write it and ask yourself this. Is it possible for someone to misunderstand the subject that I'm focused on? And once you're good with that, ask yourself, what question should pop in the viewer's mind based on hearing this sentence? The question should be something shock inducing that makes the viewer lean in. something like, "How is this possible? Is this real? Can you tell me more? I can't believe that. Is it true?" If you can't immediately identify what single question a viewer should have in their mind, then you need to rewrite the hook and go again. Now, one cheat code for accomplishing both of these things, the subject and question at the same time, is to just use a question hook. Literally ask the question in the hook that you want to plant in their mind. So, you might say something like, "How can a business owner grow on YouTube without spending 40 hours per week?" This achieves both the subject and question clarity at the same time. Now, the other way, if you don't want to ask the question literally, is to just study what the pros in your niche have already been successful with. Cuz here's the dirty little secret about social media. All the big people are copying everybody else, and all the small people are copying all the big people. They look at what works, they extract out the pattern, and then they remix it to make it work for their topic. And you can poo poo that all you want, but this is what all the top people are doing. So, if you want a faster way to figure out what hook structures have already worked in your niche, so you don't have to worry about misaligning on the subject in question, just use sandcastles.ai. That's literally why I built it. You can build a list of all the creators in your niche, look at all their top performing videos and the hooks for those videos, save those hooks as templates into the vault, and then reuse those templates when you're writing new scripts. It couldn't be easier. Either way, whether you use sand castles or not, you got to get to a single subject, single question clarity in your hook or it's [music] not going to hook. All right, hook mistake number two is the three hook misalignment. And you may have heard this before cuz I kind of pioneered it, but there's three types of hooks. The visual hook is what is shown on the screen. The spoken hook is what is said verbally by the creator, and the text hook is the text that's written on top of the visuals. If those three hook components are not perfectly aligned, the viewer is going to get confused and churn. For example, if I say, "There are three methods for brushing your teeth that will prevent cavities." But then I show you a visual of somebody eating candy. And then the text reads, "Gum health secrets revealed." Those three things seem like they're similar, but they're actually a little misaligned. One of them suggests brushing teeth, one of them suggests eating candy, and one of them suggests gum health. Now, most viewers could probably figure out how those three things go together if given enough time. But the problem is, as they're thinking through it, they're missing what you're saying. So, they're getting confused. Misalignment confuses the viewer because it makes them freeze, miss things, and then not know where the story has gone. So, above all else, you have to audit these three pieces in your hook and make sure they're aligned. And the tactical thing is just ask yourself this. Do all three of my hook components mean the same thing? If not, fix that immediately. Also, if you're not using text hooks, like you're not putting title text in addition to the caption in the first couple seconds, you really should be because it's way harder to get someone to understand what you mean with just two elements than it is with all three. So that is a surface area you must be using. Okay, let me just quickly show you an example of good and bad hook alignment. Watch the hook for this first video that I made a few weeks ago. This is the future of home design. Now if we analyze this for the first sentence, my spoken hook was this is the future of home design. My visual hook was a home being designed and my text hook was future of home design. See how those are literally perfectly aligned. Let's go to the second sentence. It's called Zuru. My spoken hook was it's called Zuru. My visual hook was literally a visual that said the word Zuru. And in this case, I didn't have a text hook because I didn't extend it to the second sentence. Let's go to the third sentence. And their AI software makes building your dream house [music] feel like you're playing a video game. My spoken hook was and their AI feel like you're playing a video game. My visual hook was videos of someone designing a house that looked like they were playing a video game. And in this case, I also didn't have a text hook cuz it didn't extend to the third sentence. You see how that video has perfect alignment across the three pieces. And because of that, you are perfectly clear on the subject, some futuristic home design software, and you're perfectly clear on the question that should pop in your mind. How does it work? That video got 2 million views. Certified banger, and it all works because the hook was perfectly aligned. Now, here's an example of bad hook alignment. And I'll just do a one sentence hook this time. Check this out. This company is sending shipping containers into space. My spoken hook was, "This company is sending shipping containers into space." My visual hook was a compilation of moon bases being built and some rockets. And my text hook was space cannons are so insane. Without playing it any further, can you assess what the subject of the video is going to be? Well, I said shipping containers. I showed spaceships. And I said space cannons. So, it's kind of not clear where I'm going next. And then for the question that should pop in your mind, it could be a number of things. What are space cannons? What does this have to do with space at all? Is this a real thing or some sci-fi thing? because it's not clear, the questions aren't clear, and you can see it's just not as crystal clear as the first one. It's still a cool idea, but because the hook alignment was off, [music] the clarity was off, and the hook did not retain. This small thing is the difference between 50,000 views and 5 million views. All right, hook mistake number three is that your visuals in the visual hook are not unique enough. They're just not popping off the page. Now, this doesn't mean you need more chaotic motion that makes no sense. What you need is visuals that contrast against what people typically see. If you look at your videos amongst a sea of others in your category, do you have enough visual differentiation to separate yours in the first 2 seconds? Because before a viewer can try to understand your video, they have to lift up their thumb and let it play in the first place. So getting these first couple seconds of visuals right is super critical. I call these scroll stopping visuals. Now, there are four main ways that you can upgrade your visuals to create this scroll stop effect. Number one is to use an attractive or unique-looking person. Number two is to use a recognizable person or subject. Maybe it's a celebrity, a brand logo people recognize, something where you can build relevance quickly. Number three is to use atypical visuals that contrast against what you typically see in your category. And number four is to use an atypical visual format or layout. The truth is, people need some kind of visual eye candy to stun them into initially giving your video a chance. It's crazy to say, but in 2026, people are going to be watching hundreds, if not thousands of videos per session, per day. And so, their brain is just tuned to filter out the normal stuff they always see. So, you need to figure out how to cut through visually. Now, one thing you can do is to improve your set or in world shots. These would be a-roll adjustments, the footage where the creator, you talking to the camera. You could use a real set, a studio, or a green screen, but you need some visuals that are intentionally different from what they typically see on the feed. Using static photos or photo compilations on the green screen effect is probably the lowest lift way to create some sort of visual differentiation. Option two is that you could change your B-roll selection either by using popular clips, popular movies, popular TV shows, or some footage that you can find that is highquality and different from your category. Option three is that you could use AI to generate visuals. With Nano Banana Pro and the newest Veo models, AI tools have gotten to the point where you can create pretty solid, compelling looking visuals that don't clock as AI to the average viewer. Now, if you're hot and charismatic, you may not need to do any of this. You can just shoot it with just you and let that fly and it'll probably work. But if you don't want to rely solely on that, you need to use one of these visual stun gun techniques to have your visuals pop off the page to the average viewer. The reality is the content world now has a minimum viable visual requirement. And if your visuals do not cut through above that level, people will not stop and give them a chance. So, here's my tactical advice. When you're scrolling, because we all do it, make it a point to like and save any video where the visuals make you stop and lift your thumb off the scroll, even if it's not in your niche. Make a habit to build a collection or folder of these visual stuns that you can use as a reference that you might use later. Here's a few rapidfire examples for a couple people I've seen in the last couple weeks that felt like they pioneered a little bit of a new look on the visual hook on an old style. The first one is Jamie Ganon aka Tech Bimbo is what she goes by. In this shot, which I really like at the beginning, she frames herself in the bottom half and uses white walls and ceilings above that negative space as a canvas to show interesting visuals. This is a very unique way to use negative space that I haven't seen very often. Here's a similar example from Mark at Open Residency. He has some of the best podcast clips out there. They're doing the same thing. They have the podcast set and they're using that negative space above as a canvas for visuals. Now, I'm sure the arb on this is going to close after people see this video, but right now that is a sneaky great way to add visual differentiation in the hook on the feed. All right, here's another example from this guy Sam John Creates where he uses the top and bottom black frames slowly closing to create anticipation. your eye goes to it and you don't want to scroll away because you want to see what happens when it fully gets closed. That's a really great visual hack that I think he came up with. Here's another one from me. This didn't really work very well, but I tried to do this like Tony Stark Iron Man overlay on my glasses and then take the glasses off in 1 second and have that overlay go away. Just trying to add some visual eye candy to get people to stop. I don't think it was executed perfectly, but that was an attempt from me. Here's a pretty basic one, but I think it works really well. this green screen effect where this guy in the corner is doing the typical green screen, but he added this white outline, this thick white stroke around him. And for whatever reason, my eye went to that and I didn't scroll away cuz it looked different. Now, these are just a few random ones. I have dozens and dozens of these saved cuz I build this habit of trying to save and favorite any videos that pop my eye visually. The point is, there are lots of ways to make your hook visuals pop in the first couple seconds. But regardless of which you choose, you have to make them pop or you will lose. Again, the easiest way to solve for this, like most of these recommendations, is just to search for the top creators in your niche and watch a couple hundred of their videos collectively as a cohort. Try to train your eye to figure out what are the buckets visually that they're using that are working for their best performing videos and then replicate that as a beginner. You could do this process on sand castles looking at all of them in a cohort or just scroll individually on Instagram. It's more noise on Instagram, but you could do that, too. The more options your brain can ingest, the easier it'll be to build a visual database in your own head where you'll [music] start pattern matching a lot more quickly. All right, so far we've talked about three huge hook mistakes. The first one is making sure the words you're using in your spoken hook are super clear so that they dial in on a single subject and a single question in the viewer's mind. The second one is making sure that the spoken hook, text hook, and visual hook, those three components, are perfectly aligned. And the third one was walking through a bunch of ways to use your visual hook to stun the viewer and pop off the feed so you add some visual differentiation that makes them lift their thumb. Now, the last hook mistake number four is all about the data. And I've kind of alluded to this a little bit already. The goal for any business owner when you're making content is to derisk your reps. It's going to take a lot of volume to win in content either way. But if you can get your hook hit rate from 1 in 20 down to 1 in5, it will completely change the effectiveness of that process for lead genen. Now, the way to increase that hit rate is to derisk your effort. And by drisk, I mean having a higher probability chance of your content working. The way you increase that probability is to study what's already worked. If you're trying to come up with new hooks from scratch every single rep, you are playing the content game on hard mode. you're risking the rest of that effort on the video on your guess for what maybe could work on that hook. You just shouldn't play the game this way. The best predictor of future success for hooks on your channel is to study the other hooks that have already won on your channel. So, first before you do anything else, before you look at any other creators, I would go to Sandcastles, go to the videos tab, go to the channels filter, pull up your channel, sort by views or outlier score, and study your top performing videos and the hooks that you used. Now, most people would write these down on a note or some Excel or Google sheet. But in sand castles, you can just click save to vault and we will build a ready for you template on any hook in one click. Now, if you want, you can then export those templates. We just added this feature that exports button. Export those to Google Sheets. You could use in Claude or Chat or you could use them directly in our script writing experience. But either way, the fastest path to get winning hooks is to use the previous hooks that you've already won with and turn them into templates and then adjust and remix for your new video. If you want to derisk your effort, you have to be using winners. It is an absolute must. Imagine I handed you a paid ad that had worked in the past and I was like, I need you to get me more sales. Are you not going to run that paid ad until it's out of juice? No. You're going to run it to the ground. That's exactly what using your hook winners that have already worked would be. All right. All right. Now, if you don't have any hook winners yourself, you're a beginner or you haven't cracked the content for yourself, what you then want to do is look at other creators in your niche, ideally that are executing with the same visual format as you. You want to hold as many variables constant between them and you, and look for people that are small to midsize. You don't want to look at the biggest people in your space for inspiration because their personal brands are so big that a lot of their success is based on their familiarity, not necessarily their execution. If you find a small or medium-sized creator that has a breakout, it's because the hook structure or the topic was actually validated. And again, you can use Sand Castles to build out these lists of the small or medium creators and look at all of their stuff in aggregate or you can just scroll one-on-one in the apps. But I'm telling you, this is why I built Sand Castle. I'm trying to lay the rails for business owners that don't actually want to spend that much time making content to [music] speed up their datadriven efficiency in the content process. But once you build the cohort of the small to medium-sized creators in your niche, run the same process. Go in sand castles, go to the videos tab, filter by that watch list so you can see the full cohort, sort by views or outlier score, and just look and watch one by one by one and start to mine for the hook templates. You can click and save those into the vault as reusable templates, or you can export those and use them however you want. But you have to be studying proven data if you want to speed this process up. What I just described is typically as far as you need to go because by doing that, looking at your own winners and looking at the category winners, you'll find five to 10 hook formats that just perform well over and over. You don't really need to do anything else. Don't make this process harder than it has to be. The pros do not reinvent the wheel. They just recycle the stuff that's working. All right. Now, before I end this video, I want to share one more thing that I think will be super helpful, and that is my full hookw writing process. I use this exact mental checklist when I'm writing a new hook to make sure I hit on all the pieces that I just mentioned. And if you're a business owner, this is the real sauce. I've got a free community specifically only for business owners where I share a bunch of stuff like this checklist systems. We have 65 free trainings. It's called Wavy World. Again, completely free. We got an invite link below if you want to join. All right, here's the hookw writing checklist. Step one is to first pick the subject that you want the video to focus on. Get really crystal clear on this so you can build the hook around it. Step two, decide what question you want to pop in the viewer's head when they hear your hook. This should ideally be the most interesting possible question that would lead perfectly to the next part of your script. Typically, you want it to be an emotion inducing or shockdriven question. Step three is to have a sense for what the visual would be for the visual hook. You don't have to make it yet, but just have a sense, a clear vision of what that could be. This is kind of like YouTubers making the title and thumbnail at the beginning before making the video. If you just write the title and then you get to the end with no sense for the thumbnail, you might get trapped in an inability to execute visually. So, you want to think at this point, what could the visual hook be? Just have a rough sense [music] for that. Step four is to actually write the hook. And this is going to be the spoken hook that you say. It can be one to three sentences. I typically like to make my hooks two or three sentences cuz I like saying things twice in two different ways to make sure the clarity is clear. But if you can get it done in one sentence, perfect. If you need additional words or sentences to make sure the subject and question are clear, use them. Right? in a fifth grade vocabulary level. Write in active voice and be very punchy with the way you deliver. No extra words, no extra phrases that don't need to be there. If you're struggling with this, again, I sound like a broken record. We have a script writer in Sandcastle that'll just write it for you. It'll take the templates and write them for you perfectly succinct. So, you could use that if you want or use chat or claude. Step five, after writing the hook, you haven't made the visuals yet, but you've just written the hook, run the one subject, one question gut check and ask yourself these two questions. Does this hook unmistakably reference one subject? And two, does this hook unmistakably pop one single question in the viewer's mind? If those two things are not a resounding yes, go back to step four and rewrite it again. Step six is to actually make the visual hook in the edit, add the text hook on top of the visual, and then align it with the spoken hook. You should now have all three pieces executed in your editor. You want to do your absolute best to make that scroll stopping visual effect. If you're not great with visuals, you're not great editor, it's going to take time to get better at this, but you want to kind of gut check this against the field. Who else in your niche is doing this well and try to gauge your scroll stop ability compared to theirs. Step seven, last step. This is your last chance audit. Once you have the whole thing there, I want you to watch the hook again on your video. Answer these four questions. Am I clear on what the subject is supposed to be? Am I clear on what the question that's supposed to pop is? Are all three pieces perfectly aligned? Am I interested and curious enough to want to go to the second sentence? These are the fundamentals. If you nail these and you run that one through seven process, I guarantee your hooks will be better and you'll get more views. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four biggest hook mistakes that I see over and over people struggle with. If you watch this video, I guarantee your hooks will get better. Now, if you want to go even deeper on hooks, I've got two things for you. The first, I filmed a 2-hour in-depth master class live. We've got 40 pages of notes. We have a hook database with over 400 different templates and I went through a bunch of examples live in multiple niches. If you want to watch that hook master class, I've got a link below. The second thing is this video deep dive that I made on hooks is one of the most popular videos on hooks on all of YouTube. It has over 600,000 views. People loved it and there's so many comments about the transformation people had. So, I recommend if you like the hook's topic, you feel like you need improvement and this video was helpful but didn't fully close the loop, make sure to click this video and watch this one next cuz it will work really well as a compliment. As always guys, I appreciate you. I'm trying my best to make unique stuff that you just don't hear everywhere else. So, if you're a business owner and you're trying to get better at content, make sure to subscribe and we will see you on the next one. [music] Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [1 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Work with me: https://skool.com/wavyworld
Use Sandcastles to grow 10x faster on social media: https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @mustafabashirkhan [1 likes]: 11:00 brutal  bp doesnt even leave me here
  3. @mitzerbitzer [1 likes]: LOVE the way you broke this one down! Storytelling is so important in EVERY aspect of creation
  4. @BEASTANIMALS-01: Like this
  5. @guy_kogen: wow
  6. @benjimeko: we highly apprciate your help kall
  7. @thereandbackagainpilgrim: Bro what the hell I thought this was going to teach how to make a fishing hook.
  8. @rank.uno34: I'll be right back with hundred thousand subscribers in this comment😅
  9. @savepointgg: valuable information, thanks for this.
  10. @1Tomsf: How you edit your visual and B roll it's amazing 😍
  11. @userexperienceresearchers: Great breakdown. The single subject, single question framework is such a powerful reminder that clarity beats cleverness every time. This kind of structure is gold for creators and business owners who want more predictable results instead of guessing what might work.
  12. @ccristianorronaldofans9215: 6:56
  13. @mrw.creative: Great video, thank you for helping us out! Quick question for fellow creatives, how the heck do you create hooks and have a sense of "personality" on socials, without having a person talking? I work at a more corporate place where having staff talking in the video isn't going to happen... yet (I'm trying). Any advice for how to create a sense of trust without having a visual of a person talking, or even the voiceover being an employee?
  14. @aural_alchemists: Is the hook masterclass still active? The link isn’t working for me.
  15. @pedrosoares7139: Just superb! Thanks a lot for the generosity of sharing this. This video could be called "the only video you will ever need to start making great content". Because that's what it is.
  16. @confessionsandstoriesdaily: guys can you tell me what can i improve on my shorts🥲
  17. @Traxlercore21: Thanks, Now Im gonna implement it
  18. @davidradisavljevic2159: Loving the way you explain the process of hooks. How similar is this for people who use text on broll and there's no spoken hook
  19. @NihalBhatti-fm5cg: He is amazing ✌✌✌✌
  20. @asemotanosa1200: Great video, small criticism, i almost skipped, because you talk very fast

- Grow 100K Followers in 6 Months Using Viral Hooks and Storytelling In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact scripting and storytelling framework that's helping my friend Ryan grow 500 followers every single day on Instagram, which is about 100,000 followers in 6 months. And the crazy part, when we were planning this new content strategy out and he wasn't posting, he wasn't gaining any followers at all. In fact, he was losing followers just 2 weeks ago. Anyone can go viral on social media in any niche. But you're going to need to understand how to package your ideas into engaging stories, simple scripts, and viral hooks. and I'm going to share all of the fundamental concepts that are based on real psychology that will allow you to package your ideas and finally create your first viral video. I'm going to cut through all of the noise that most people talk about when they give you social media advice. I'm going to tell you exactly what you need to know about creating your own content. So then by the end of this video, you'll have an easy, fun, and simple way to start creating content. And at one point, I never thought my own Instagram account would go viral either. I was awkward. I didn't know how to speak to the camera. I was shy. And to be honest, I just didn't have any confidence that [clears throat] my videos with my face and my voice would actually go viral. I never thought someone would actually want to listen to what I had to say. But once I made my own viral talking head video, which gained me 50,000 followers from just one video, and then that ended up totaling about 100,000 followers in just 3 months, which was absolutely insane, and it shattered any sort of limiting beliefs I had with content. So, I really do mean it when I say anyone can go viral in any niche. I've seen it with myself. I've seen it with my friends. And you can do this all without running ads, without buying followers, without tricking the algorithm, without any viral luck, and without spending hours on scripting videos just for it to feel inauthentic and robotic. I would suggest for anyone to only spend a maximum of 1 hour a day on content. If you have the right system, this is plenty of time to start creating content. And if you don't know who I am yet, my name is Ethan. I'm a photographer turned content creator and over the past couple years I've grown hundreds of thousands of followers across different niches and I've had many videos reach millions of views and this was starting from zero. It doesn't matter what you look like. It doesn't matter what you sound like. It doesn't matter if you're shy or introverted. It doesn't matter how good your camera is. Anyone can go viral. It's all about the packaging delivery and the emotion you can provoke in your content. And we can apply this emotion evoking principle across business content, lifestyle content, fitness content, valuebased content. And then of course the traditional entertainment styles of content as well, like comedy, music, motivational niches, and anything else you can really find on the internet. Because fundamentally, we're just looking at how people's brains react when they're consuming content and allowing our piece of content to look appealing. So then we can get more attention for our valuable content rather than them just scrolling to more brain rot or random AI memes and slop. So it's quite literally a disservice to people if you don't package your content in a way that's going to be digestible for people to watch. So before we get into the first main point, let's talk about a few blind spots that you may be having with your own content so you can develop your taste as a creator, which is what all of the best creators have developed over a few years. But I'll just give this to you in a few minutes so we can get you up to speed. Blind spot number one is that we need to take accountability for how our content is performing. So the hard truth and the industry secret is that the algorithm doesn't determine who goes viral. People determine who goes viral. When people are scrolling, their brain is making split-second decisions. You have less than 1 second to stop them. You have to win people over, but you can still be authentic. I'm still being exactly how I am in real life. I'm just packaging my ideas in a way that's easy for you to understand and follow along with this video. Just as if I was publishing an essay or a newsletter, people have to understand what I'm saying and why what I'm saying is important. Why should they care? So that first hook needs to also be really important to stop the scroll. Then the information also needs to be good enough. And this is where I can kind of prove to you that it's not actually the algorithm determining how many views your video gets. Imagine if this YouTube video you're watching right now or the Instagram video I just posted got 10 shares out of the 20 views that it received and each of those 10 people posted on their story and sent it to a friend, then naturally that's going to multiply the amount of views the video is going to get. And then if those people who saw the video that was shared also decided to share the video, now I might have 100 shares and then a,000 shares. And then all of a sudden the video has 10,000 shares and 100,000 people saw the video. This is not the algorithm pushing it to people. This is literally other people recognizing good content being hooked in by the topic, the ideas or the format and find value in the video that they want to share. So we don't need the algorithm to be pushing our content. good content will be shared and seen and recognized, which is why we need to make good content, which is what we're going to get into. So, when you're starting out, we want to make sure our scripts and and content packaging is very tight. And once we develop that rapport, once we give the viewer and audience some value, then we can slow it down a little bit and take our time to explain concepts, to get a little bit more personal or to tell more stories. So, those are the fundamentals of why this information that I'm about to tell you works. It all comes back down to psychology, which is just human behavior, how we act, what we like, and then the actual creative, the actual packaging of your content, because it needs to be wellreceived, hook people in, and creating content that's easy for people to enjoy and share and talk about. So, then, how do we actually do this if the creative is the only thing that matters? Well, I'm glad you asked. Let's get into how to write a hook using this three-part framework. And then we'll get into how to structure a story to keep natural tension and keep people engaged throughout the video after you hook them, which is going to be super important. And then number three, we'll get into how to make your content simple, digestible, and making sure your audience actually understands what you're saying. This is the most important tip out of all of them because if people don't understand your content or understand your hook, then nothing else matters. So, make sure you wait until 3 so then you have a full understanding of how to package your ideas into viral formats. So, the exact framework that I use and all of your other favorite creators use is something along these lines. I call this one specifically the three C's framework, which the first sentence starts off with a cliffhanger, which is a polarizing hook. Something that's going to stop the viewer in their track and have to know what the next sentence is. The second sentence is going to be credibility, which is the importance of why the information that you're about to tell them is valuable. Why is the topic of this video relevant to them? Why should they listen? And number three, completion, which is the payoff of the video. We don't want to waste any more time in the video. Once we have hooked them in through the cliffhanger, then we've told them why it's important and why it's correct with the credibility statement. Then we go into completion, which is the payoff, and start giving them value. And we want to have a high value per second when we're creating content so people trust us and they know they're not wasting their time when they watch our content. And that first polarizing statement is where you typically see creators talk a lot about of like the main hook. You just want to make this bold, contrarian, or curiosityinducing. I also like to think of it as emotion-provoking as well. This is not the time to play it safe or be casual or be slow. We want to use polarizing statements. So, here are a few examples. Never do X. Most people fail because they miss this one thing. The number one mistake about here's how my friend Ryan is growing 500 followers every single day. So, we want to be using key words and strong words. Stuff like never, always, most important, biggest mistake, crazy, secret. And you can see those in my viral hook grading guide, which I've collected a whole bunch of viral hooks that are proven that I've stolen from other viral videos. Just that first line, and then you can fill in the blank with your own topics and ideas. Link is going to be in the description if you want to check that out. The human brain also tends to gravitate towards negatively positioned hooks. We tend to like the gossip and drama of a negative hook. So, never do this. This is the worst thing you can do. it kind of creates this pain and curiosity of what's something I should be avoiding. So that's also why you see a lot of negative hooks naturally do better because again our brain kind of gets more curious about the negative hooks. Then element number two is the credibility statement. Immediately after that bold claim, you need to prove why you're worth listening to. This is where you can drop your results, show some experience, or show the proof of where you got this information to begin with. You can use specific numbers, time frames, methods, sources, your own personal stories or experiences, your client's stories or experiences, whatever makes sense for your own credibility statement. You can be pretty creative with this and have some fun. You don't always have to make it so salesy and so numberbased if you don't want to be, especially if that doesn't relate back to your own niche. It's also worth noting here that some creators use visual credibility or their own brand to then have a implied credibility statement. So if there was like a jacked fitness guy teaching you how to do biceps and in the video he has really nice biceps. Um that is like a visual credibility statement. So he doesn't really need to say so you can get biceps like these. It's almost implied in the video because he's already jacked. And then the last one is completion which is the payoff. This is where I just add one more sentence to make it very clear to the audience that we're getting into the video. I'd say like that transitional sentence to really time pace the video so they watch all the way through and give a promise that the value is coming right away that I'm not wasting their time. So some transitional phrases that I see a lot on Instagram or that I use uh is so this is exactly how to do it. I say this is exactly how as in it's easy. I'm not leaving out any fluff and it's a step-by-step guide. Or you could say something like the first part is blank. Or you could say, and I'm going to break this down exactly in the next 2 minutes. Just something like that where you're making it clear and reminding the audience that we're getting into the meat of the video. So that is the first hook of the video on Instagram. This is going to be your first 10 seconds of the video. It's literally one line, two line, and three lines all said pretty quickly. So then this brings us to the story structure and how we can actually deliver our message in content. This is going to make sure people keep watching all the way through. Amazing stories keep natural tension throughout the whole story. So you never know what's coming next. And in value based content, because we're not telling a story, we can use similar frameworks that still work by just creating emphasis on points and making sure that the audience or the viewer needs to understand the big picture of things to make it all make sense or to make sure that they get the most value possible. And the method that I've been using over the past couple years is the ABT method, the and but therefore method. This was popularized by the creators of South Park and they use this method all of the time. But it was actually invented by someone called Randy Olsen who was also another filmmaker storyteller. But essentially the ABT method, the end but therefore method is a simple framework to tell stories to create and keep tension in your story. It's something that our brain really finds interesting. And we can look at a couple different ways that it's been used over time. For example, we could tell the story of the three little pigs using this method. Three little pigs built their houses and each chose different materials, but a big bad wolf came and blew down the straw and stick houses. Therefore, the pigs ran into the brick house to stay safe. And I find when I'm personally using this method, I just really emphasize the word but. But naturally has like a very dramatic meaning to it when we make content. It implies conflict and conflict means tension and tension is what keeps people watching. And then without conflict then there's no reason for our brains to to care. So the viral storytelling formula is introduced with some sort of conflict which typically in value based content is the problem you're trying to solve or the solution that we're trying to get. Then we have more context. So then the problem or solution is easier understood or fully understood by the audience. And then we have the resolution which is the actual value the solution that you're giving them to reach your solution or to fix their problem. And then finally you can finish off with a lesson or the implementation which is going to be the full story. And we can tell these types of stories using the ABT method. At the end of the day, stories creates emotion and content is emotion-provoking. That's why we watch content. That's why we find it entertaining. So, we have to get really good as creators to prompt emotion, to provoke emotion. So, then people enjoy watching our content. If you think about all the viral content, it typically does provoke some type of intense emotion. Politics is controversial. Natural disasters are kind of scary and fear-based. AI content is very popular right now. That is fear-based. We have exciting and happy stories. We have like cute viral kittens going viral. Then we have like really badass valuebased videos or we have motivational videos like Jacko Wilnne or any of those motivational quote type videos or we have really calming and zen type of videos or creators that tune into that and provoke those emotions out of you that make you want to watch. So, the better we can tell stories and package our content or value to provoke more emotion, the better we're going to have. And using those butt statements are going to be the most important and the easiest way to do that. An example that I would personally use using the ABT method is is something off the cuff. I could say you want to grow your Instagram in 2026 and you've tried everything, but nothing seems to work. Therefore, you need to learn the future of content creation using AI. So then in that hook or in that framework of that video, we have a unique mechanism which is using AI. We have a problem which is the but statement and then we have the context or the goal which is you want to be growing on Instagram in 2026. So hopefully that makes sense there. And then the most important topic now is the simplicity of your content. Most creators think that they want to flex their knowledge with complex vocabulary, but this is actually the worst thing you can do for your content. See how I used the word butt there? We want to keep our content as natural and as simple as possible, so as many people can understand our content as possible. We have to remember, not everyone is going to keep up with the jargon and the industry language that you're using. You're probably an expert in your field. You have to remind yourself that a lot of people watching your content are just going to be beginners or a lot of people watching your content might not even speak English as their first language or or and and a lot of people watching your content may not want to process and turn on their brain to understand your advanced vocabulary. Alex Herozi is one of the best creators that does this. He purposefully speaks and writes at a sixth grade reading level. He intentionally removes cleverness and fluff from his content. So this is kind of paraphrased from his ideas, but if you don't get rid of the extra details and jargon, then people are going to be spending time and mental energy trying to understand what you're saying rather than understanding the concepts of what you're trying to tell them. Then secondly, the simpler language gets better results because more people can actually understand you and your content is more widely applicable to more people. And you can do this all without sounding stupid or sounding like you're uneducated. We all think Alex Herozi is pretty damn smart and a very good business entrepreneur. And this is actually one of the biggest mistakes I see with many creators is they're is they're making content about really advanced topics or speaking in advanced ways that it doesn't even make sense. One of the most famous and viral YouTubers right now, Jenny Hoyos, she makes entertainment content. literally AB tested vocabulary and she found advanced words like business or profit is too complicated for her audience and it makes the views go down. So instead, if she had to use a term like business or like profit, she would explain what it means in the video. So, instead of Jenny saying, "We made $10 of profit from the cookies," she might say, "The cookie cost us $20, but we were able to sell it for $30, which means we have $10 left over," implying she made $10 profit. She's better off explaining the concept rather than jumping deep into advanced topics. And of course, this is a very easy example with profits and cookies, but you could use the same terminology with more advanced topics like coding, like stock trading, like real psychology, neuroscience hacks, whatever your niche is. And not only does vocabulary matter, but the actual topics matter, too. And this is a really funny test, but would your older relatives understand the topic of the video that you're making? Would your grandma understand it if you just showed them this video with no context? Does it make sense? Does the hook make sense of what the video is about? Does your credibility statement make sense of why this information is important and why they should be listening to it? Does the payoff and the value make sense? And is it actionable enough for your older relative to actually gain value from that video? If not, then that video is too complicated. It's not going to be shared. It's not going to be understood and it's not going to be watched. So that's why we want to optimize for simplicity in our content, not for the sake of dumbing it out for people, but just for the sake of increased comprehension, so then people can care about the actual topic and the value in the video rather than trying to translate it into words that they understand or can't use. And think about it too, if you want or expect your video to get millions of views, not everyone even speaks English as their first language. There's 8 billion people in the world. So, if you want 10 million, 100 million views, there's no way for your videos to actually go viral if they're using complicated phrases and words. This is why some of the most viral videos online don't have a language barrier. It's like people dancing or really big and exaggerated facial expressions like um who's that one uh Tik Tocker like Kabi Lame. His videos, he doesn't even say anything. It's just relying on basic human psychology using uh his emotions through his facial expressions. And then a bonus tip for you guys, you can also use staccato pacing to keep things interesting. So it doesn't feel like you're always lecturing to the camera. So staccato pacing is following your sentences with short and then medium and then long answers, keeping it slightly different each time you speak. This creates it more engaging, more fun for the viewer to process and still keeps it simple. So, we might have a short sentence followed by a medium sentence which has a little bit more detail and then a longer sentence to really bring everything together like the short sentence I just said and the medium sentence and this is the long sentence. Okay, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you found some value on how to structure and package your content ideas, then you might find this video interesting here where I talk about how to actually start posting consistently, how to actually grow your personal brand, and how to create a space and a vibe on the internet. So then when you do build an audience or get a viral video, they have somewhere to go. That video is going to be right here. How I grew 0 to 200,000 followers on Instagram in 2026. That's really going to help you package all of your ideas together into one cohesive brand. Thank you so much for watching and I'll catch you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexandraam3li3 [3 likes]: "the algorithm doesn't determine who goes viral, people determine who goes viral" 👏🏼
  2. @DillonTaitano [2 likes]: probably one of the most under rated videos on YT right now. thanks for this
  3. @studernicole9615 [2 likes]: This is incredibly valuable, thank you! 😊
  4. @edora.aep_71 [1 likes]: Are you looking for video editor?
  5. @alexandraam3li3 [1 likes]: another banger Ethan
  6. @danieldubinin237 [1 likes]: The Notion Board "Hook Structure" doesnt get send to me after subscribing.
  7. @Woah_06 [1 likes]: Most Value ever!
  8. @tomersviridov [1 likes]: super insightful
  9. @napoleão000: Can I make thumbnails for you?
  10. @sephorarakshe9203: can i hire u
  11. @Chill3r222: Great Video!
  12. @quintonbobbitt: what camera + lens you film this with? slog3? 
LOOK NICE
  13. @PassivePinkprint: You went from shy to that guy 🎉
  14. @Muhammet.Ergin.Cevahir: It's all good but It feels like we are just problem solvers and I don't think this isn't that sustainable. If it is, I don't know how. because you need to supply the viewers with some sort of solution without a break. People posting 6 times a week. That makes 6 solution or value in a week which sounds like a really hard thing to do.
  15. @xtips.official: thanks ! nothing new but i like how you talk and explain . anyway . what’s going on ? are most of the people that stupid ? should we really have to keep creating under instagram and tik tok rules for their own benefit ? we should never forget they started forcing photographers like you and me posting landscapes on 1 x 1 . some people cannot even finish listening one song . bohemian rhapsody for sure won’t be a hit on 2026 ….
  16. @ApomanAbella: Amazing video! thank you Ethan!
  17. @veganmilo: thank you! 
I feel confused: you say the first sentence should be cliff hanger (bold, contrarian, emotion provoking, polarizing) but then your example of the story structure is "start with the conflict (problem / desire)" e.g.  you want X and you've tried everything .... 
how do these go together? I don't get it!

- The ONLY Hook Formula That Still Works on Instagram in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most creators think the algorithm hates them, but the real reason your reels flatline, whether it's at 200 views or even 20k views, comes down to this one thing. Your hooks just suck. So in this video, I'll give you a simple two-step hook test you can use to instantly create hooks that blow up your account. And to make it practical, I'll show you how I fixed the hooks of three creators from thousands of people who sent me in their profiles and content. So before we actually dive into the first one, let me quickly explain this whole test so you know actually what to look out for. Every good hook basically just has two parts. The first one is instant clarity, which means the viewer must immediately know this is for me, right? Without that, no hook is going to work. And the second one is what I call the curiosity gap and basically builds on the first part because once they know it's relevant for them, you have to make them think basically, but how? Or basically make them have a question in their mind so they actually stay the whole length of the video. If you don't have both, people are going to swipe in the first three seconds and you're gone. Now, how do I know it's three seconds? Instagram literally tracks your skip rate on the three-second watch through. So this is what we're going to optimize today. Number one right here is Kevin and he's an interior designer and he basically says he has trouble with engagement. I guess with getting clients as well, obviously, but more on that in a second. Transforming homes into bold, one-of-a-kind sanctuaries. Too long, but we're not even talking about that today. Now, the video I want to fix here is honestly one of the best topics you can choose, especially if you're in the interior designer niche. So let's take a look at the video first. I'm going to have to mute this whole thing for copyright reasons. But again, so the concept here is gold. Basically, he's an interior designer and he's like, yeah, how I can transform a room that just has white walls, right? So everyone with a rental apartment, for example, has this pain, if you will. Basically, my home looks boring with white walls. I can't paint my walls. I don't want to paint my walls. But this hook, if we just look right here at the first frame that we have, just completely undersells and basically destroys everything that is about to come. Again, in this video, we're not talking about the second part of the video, which also is honestly, it's pretty bad because it's basically just this showcase reel and things like that look like an ad and people are not interested and they're just not going to work, right? It barely works in the whole social media world right now. But obviously, people don't even get to that part because the hook makes people leave faster than Instagram kills your reach when you say link in the bio. Ha ha ha. Bad joke right here. Going after our formula that we have, part one being instant clarity, right? Let's be honest. Just taking a look at this right here. Do people immediately know this right there is for them? And who is it actually that is for them? Basically, people who want to design their apartment. And I can just tell you for sure not because the first frame only has his face and some text that is kind of white. And I understand he kind of wants to be meta with the white wall, but people just don't get the clarity. Instant clarity part what we just said. So it kind of feels like it's an insider question or maybe even a question that a client would ask him, right? And you want to avoid that at all costs, right? Whenever you create content, always assume it's for strangers and actually create it for strangers and not for your fans, especially not for your super fans who know about insider lingo and stuff like this. Stuff like this actually supposed to be in your stories, right? In case you're asking. So the clarity part here is honestly zero out of 10 because somebody who doesn't know Kevin is has no idea what this whole thing is about and they don't have time. So they're not, they're going to swipe away. Part two of this whole formula, the curiosity gap to the untrained eye. It kind of feels like it is good and it kind of opens some curiosity loop. And I actually see this a lot with my clients who are like, yeah, technically he's asking a question. Do you ever work with just white walls? Right? So technically this is supposed to be a question curiosity gap. But the thing here is nobody really wants to know the answer to that because again, they don't have instant clarity and because they don't care. Nobody cares about the answer. And especially because yes, this is basically a yes or no question. So people understand, well, yes or no. And yes or no question without, without a promise or potential payoff or even worse than, you know, having no question at all in there, to be honest. With that being said, let's go ahead and fix this whole thing. So for this two step test is what we're going to have to do here is say exactly who it's for and basically tease the outcome. That's it, right? And your hook only has this one job, making people stay right after the first three seconds. Then there's a secondary hook and some other script things. We're going to talk about this in some other videos, but yeah, in this case, it's actually pretty easy because we might've had a very similar creator in my mentorship at some point. He's been crushing it. At one point he told me that he can't even keep up with client requests anymore because his content just pulls in so many interior design inquiries here. Now, I know people love to get practical advice on how to turn your home basically into a hotel, right? It's also my dream. So as you can see in this video, make your home look expensive, right? Perform pretty well. And you can instantly see this whole thing passes this two step test, right? It's clear who it's for instantly what's happening here. Cause make your home look expensive. So it's about interior design also with the visual aspect of it. You know, it's not distracting. It doesn't matter if the Danny's in there or not, doesn't matter. Now it probably does because people recognize him, but the focus is here. And, um, the curiosity in that case being, well, what do I need to make my home look expensive? I need to keep watching. How can I actually do that? There's also a secondary hook right here, the doorway effect. So just this alone opens up another question of mine. What is the doorway effect and push it to stem a little further to stay longer than three, five, 10 seconds, right? Well, that makes sense. Let's take all of this information and redo Kevin's reel. In this case, I will actually pretend that I'm Kevin. And, you know, I know people with apartments are dying to make their places, expensive, look expensive. So for example, what I would say is something like, here's how to make any rental look expensive without painting your walls or something like that. And as the text, as a curator, actually, let's just do this. Let me just record something really quickly and then we'll put it together in the edit and I'll show you my thought process. So you can actually replicate that for yourself. So here's basically what I did. I, first of all, I went ahead and found a picture from Kevin's website, which is by the way, a whole nother thing, whole nother topic in terms of getting him clients and stuff like this. We're not talking about this here at all in this channel. I have a second channel. I actually just started for the whole business side of things. So let's not even talk about this, but this is actually a picture I found from this video where he made this home look beautiful with just white walls. So what I did was I threw this into chat, QBT actually, and said, well, remove everything, remove all of the furniture and look at that. It's actually pretty awesome. So I removed that and now I'm like, okay, how can I play around with this? We can make this whole thing look like some sort of transformation in the video. I also did some transformational steps here as well. So let me just show you what I kind of did, or let's actually do it together because I didn't do it yet. I do is always, whenever I edit, whether it's on CapCut, this one is final cut or wherever it is. I put in my safe zone template because you don't want things overlapping, especially with these things right here. And especially not with these things. So you really only have the small part to put your captions in there, your text in there and stuff like this. set right here. You don't need to paint your white walls. If you want your apartment to look expensive, these three tricks will make your apartment look like a hotel. You don't need to paint your walls. If you want to make your apartment look And basically what I did here is layer in, as you can see, right? Another layer, another layer. So basically delaying the gratification and making people aware that there's something spilling right there, basically playing with their brain. And then I say, you don't need to, what did I say? If you want your apartment to look expensive. So that alone, honestly, without a text would already work. Without a text hook. Now let's still create a text hook because I want you to kind of see my thought process about this whole thing. So what we're going to do is put a text hook there and we're just going to say, make your rental. Let's just say rental. Cause this kind of triggers specific people. Let's just take Helvetica and we obviously want to make it. I mean, it's okay. We can try a drop shadow just to blur a little more. There you go. Make your rental and then look expensive. Look expensive. And obviously that would be very sort of boring. So let's just put a different style of, there you go. Ooh, look expensive. Look at this beautiful. So here I just have the feeling. And again, if you remember the other video that we did, it's a lot about just trying out things and kind of developing a feel for whether it looks good or not. As you can see here with the background, this kind of looks not bad. It's a little bit too big though. So we're just going to put this here. What about the drop shadow? I'm not the biggest fan, honestly. So let's make it a little like this, just a little bit. As you can see right here, just so it's a little right. Just look at this and look at this. And then maybe just put another statement in there without painting your walls. Go back to Helvetica. Look at this. Right. Let's just look at this again. You don't need to paint your white walls if you want your apartment to look expensive. I honestly love it. These three tricks will. And then we're just going to take this away. Already looks cool. But then the second thing that I would think here is, well, maybe it looks better if there's like a different, because we have a whole picture. Maybe honestly like this might look even better. So just, let's just try it out right Let me just copy and paste this over this for different. Honestly, as you can see, you don't need to paint your white walls. Well, I like the one before better. So that's what I mean here. And you can totally go ahead and create this. Or for example, here, instead of the green one, we can try a different shade of green. Nope. But we can try some yellow, man. This looks beautiful. Something like this, right? And boom, we got ourselves basically a winner right here. So to kind of break this down and summarize clarity, anyone who's renting, right? Make your rental look expensive without painting your walls within a split second. The subconscious can read that and knows what's up. In addition to seeing this sort of empty rental, right? The curiosity part is, well, how can I, how can I make it look expensive? I have a rental as well. I can't change a lot. What should I do? And yeah, the whole appeal is there because rentals are pretty common, obviously. And expensive is something that we all want to achieve. Beautiful. We got ourselves a winner right here. And just, if we look at the two, the difference between this and this, you know, insane, right? I hope you get it now, right? So the second one is Vanessa. And the interesting thing here is that her hook itself is basically not that bad, right? But there's some crucial elements that just need to be fixed again, not just to get her way more views and followers, but to actually attract the right kinds of followers that will eventually book her things. Cause she said she has a link tree. Let's open this up. Helping you build confidence through fitness, wellness, and content. Oh man. Well, okay. Work with me. Okay. Well, there's a whole nother thing here. Again, we'll break this down. How she can make, this is instantly a five to 10, probably more 20K a month business right there with her view metrics. If she gets them up just a little more, this is instantly a 20K a business. If she gets the positioning, right. And all the funnels, right. And stuff like this. Again, we're talking about this on my brand new second channel. Hey Dominic too. I'll show you basically how to actually make money with a social media account and how I make money and stuff like this. So with that being said, let's take a look at her video first. How many of you are used to hearing this phrases, don't waste food, or there are starving kids in other countries when you were growing up? Because if your answer is yes, what I'm about to say might shift something in you. Welcome to lesson five. Over-eating might not be your fault. So cool. If you remember the hook itself is not that bad. It's kind of, everything looks like cinematic and kind of nicely edited and sort of flows together pretty fine, but the hook it's relatable, obviously, but relatability alone is not a hook. That's what a lot of people forget. If you remember, we just need these two elements, clarity and curiosity. Clarity and curiosity. Because if we look at her actual first frame right here, her face again, a white wall, what a coincidence, but you know, it could be about anything, right? We see Vanessa, if people know her and recognize her, people might already know it's about some of her topics, but other people, AKA cold people couldn't care less, right? Similar to the one before, like I said, the hook probably works. Basically, what does he say? these phrases? Probably works if she already has a huge brand and people instantly recognize her face, but nobody knows about the context. Nobody cares. Now I'm pretty sure she has adapted and emulated the style off of some big creator. And I've, you know, we've done some research and there's some big creators who make very similar content and very similar style that blew But the thing is, these things mostly work because people recognize them. And it's usually a bad idea to copy big creators, right? Especially their hooks, because the rules are just different for them. So with that being said, let's fix this whole thing, right? So first of all, I think honestly, her spoken hook is not that bad. It's okay. But at least we can try to use it, you know, add the whole clarity element with a different, either with a different first frame or, you know, what I do in this case, either film a whole new hook, So for example, for her, this whole thing is about overeating or at least about eating. I usually have her film sit down, have her film with a bowl of cereal or something to show that she's eating, right? Whether she speaks directly to the camera or she makes a voiceover. So I downloaded her video right here and we can see some shots. Ooh, this is actually, this is actually a pretty good shot. So let's try this one. This one is pretty good, but there's also one where she's eating. So let's just take a look at, first, let's just try it out with this and just add this different first frame to her. Let's just try this other one. And again, as you can see, especially with hooks, I basically forced my clients to create at least three hooks per reel, mostly to train their sort of perception and train their brain in terms of what actually works, you know, and how can I force myself to think outside the box and create a different sort of. Don't waste food. Or there are starving kids in other countries when you were growing up. Honestly, it's already interesting. How many of you are used to hearing? Honestly, it's not a bad thing. So let me try something out here. The thing that I want to do here is obviously create a curiosity gap, right? And that usually works best with a text hook, right? So for example, I would add something like overeating might not be your fault. That's actually a pretty good phrase to put right there at the beginning to set the context and the clarity, right? So let's just try this right here. Overeating might not be your fault. So I put this in there and obviously this is just a quick way of doing things. It still doesn't look the part, but like this, it looks too cold for me, right? It sounds like this. Kind of cool, but with this. How many of you? Looks kind of cheapish, looks kind of the life is missing. So actually, let's just remove this right here and let's try something out with her, with her face or something like this. I mean, the colors and stuff like this, but. Don't waste food or they are starving. OK, honestly, a lot better. Don't waste food or they are starving kids in other countries when you were growing up? Welcome to. OK, so honestly, way, way better. We can instantly get the whole clarity thing, It's a relatable story. The clarity gets there. I see this instantly. I see her eat and then it opens the loop with her first line. How many of you have heard this thing right instantly? Way, way better. And honestly, like this, it will work. So just recreate this video and do similar things that I just did. Another small thing that I might just cut out and also with the trial reels, test it out, remove this lesson thing, right? Sometimes it works, sometimes it kind of disrupts from the flow, but let's not even get into that. So to recap, because that's a huge one that I see across my clients. Relatability is not a hook, right? Especially for cold audiences. If they don't instantly know that the video is about overeating in this case, or they don't feel like they have a reason to keep watching, they'll swipe away and you're done. And the fix here obviously was pretty simple. Setting the context fast with text. And obviously then create the curiosity to get with her spoken line, right? That way her content actually lines up with her niche of building confidence and healthy habits. Small changes here with actual big impact, right? So in this last one right here, the opposite problem actually happens. Too much is cramped into the first frame. And the text and the audio and the visuals, they're all competing. And that makes people leave faster than Adam Mazury changes his mind about. Hashtags, ha ha ha, another dad joke right But let's take a look first. Create length between your waist and your ribs. That's automatically going to bring your chest up, bring your shoulders back. So this video from Heidi, by the way, who's doing a similar thing than the one before, just differently, just goes to show that there's a million different ways to make it basically. But basically she's helping people heal their nervous system and be more confident the way I understood it basically. So again, a whole can of worms in terms of business things. Easily five to 10 K a month profile with the right tweaks, just right there. And the ceiling obviously way, way higher. Let me know in the comments, if you'd like me to take a look at that profile as well on my second channel, in terms of monetization, what I would exactly do to map out the whole business process to pull in money fast, right? On my second channel, by the way, I have a video breaking down how I pull in 20, 30, sometimes 50, 60 K just for my sort of low level Instagram account right now. That's sometimes not really in use. Not even talk about the whole YouTube side of things. But yeah. So again, the idea is pretty solid. Touches a specific problem. It's a very interesting topic and it basically has all the right ingredients. Posture, confidence, looking taller. And if I'm like, oh, I want to look taller. But the delivery right here, opposite of what it was before, it's just overloaded. The first frame is basically cramped with text. Let's just go back to the real first frame. We have texts right here and we have texts right here. And then we sort of have a very busy background right there. The audio also is messy, especially when she starts talking. You can hear some overlap with the music, There's somebody speaking in the background, sort of talking over her. And generally the music is very distracting. Not only is it too loud, but it just takes away from the experience of the video. So if I'm a viewer, again, a new viewer has never seen her or heard about her before. I don't even know where I should look. I get confused and I just swipe again. Cause I want to see monkey. The fix here is pretty simple. One clear promise. One curiosity gap. Done. That is it. So in this case, instantly look taller and feel more confident. It's free and fast. Probably it's free and fast. I would kill this, but the line itself is not that bad. So I would take this, put it there. Film hurt myself. If I were her slouching a little bit and then kind of visually showing everything instantly within the first two, three seconds, like with the first example, where we showed the apartment reveal, and then have her say something different. For example, something like most people look two inches shorter because of this posture mistake instantly. It's solved, I guess. And then what I would do is I'd make another one and obviously tested with trial reels to say, just kind of tackle it from the other angle. Say most people look two inches taller with this posture trick. Just to see like, what does my audience actually respond to react to the most? And then another one I would do something like most people look two inches taller and way more confidence with this posture trick. And that way we instantly have clarity about what is going on. We open the curiosity gap. And like I said, to make this even clearer, you could just, just changing out the text and switching out things here would make things work, but to always up the ante, because we always want to be the best creator. I would totally refilm this reel. Like I said, film myself slouching and then kind of go up. I'm not going to show this right now because I hope you get the idea. So once she's actually going to make these changes, people are going to say, and her teaching is actually going to land and it's going to start to warm potential buyers up. And every, the whole video makes a lot more sense. So reminder again about this whole thing, clarity and curiosity. That's what makes hooks work. Now, if your goal is more than just views, hopefully, and if you actually want to turn content into 10, 20, $50,000 a month of revenue, without having to have like a million followers, even a hundred thousand followers hooks, obviously are just the start. The real game is in the funnels, your offers and your whole ecosystem, basically that sits behind the content. So in this video, my second channel, that's pretty new here. In case you didn't know, I'll take these profiles or some of the profiles that we talked about before, and I'll fix the rest, the whole monetization. So that they're set up to pull in 10, 20, 30 K months with their traffic that they already have again, new channel. I need your help. So make sure to follow.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kkonekomusic [8 likes]: i luv this! would you make one where the examples are musicians? millions of us are suffering with this :/
  2. @heyDominik [2 likes]: Cohort 7 starting September 30. Work with me in a small group and build your content + monetization system (happens only twice a year): https://creatormentorship.com/?video=NdGYqW-bPdc
  3. @brucejenner9472 [1 likes]: i plugged the white wall hook you made into a hook analyzer and it got 25/100 lol
  4. @roynicksonjacques8700 [1 likes]: U Gained 1 extra sub bud
  5. @DIYdrivingschool: Thank you Dominik! I just signed up for your free Hook Analyzer and WOW! I realized I actually had to re-film my into to align with the improved hook. I can't wait to watch many, many more of your videos!
  6. @ANAGBATALILIAN: Can you teach us how to use this format for a clothing brand
  7. @tamwynn: Dang,  your advice is soooo good.  Thank you so much.
  8. @brucejenner9472: your hooks and titles are way too long
  9. @expect_realityy: Bro, plz reply. My content is emotional reels with Roblox as the visuals... So yeah, I'm confused af 🙃
  10. @sarahmartin9139: What is the program you’re using here ?
  11. @MartinV.: great video
  12. @thegreenworldch962: This is good for ppl who randomly click on your page and see your cover or for photo carousels but for the discovery page or reels page the video is already playing it doesn’t show your cover. So it’s a good thing but depends on the scenario
  13. @TheRealDianneMcCaskill: Thank you for this great info🎉
  14. @ravifennec: Chat is he using Capcut to edit?
  15. @CozyMusic_aura: I love this video, you’re so creative and the way you showcase things is amazing :)
  16. @Rose0fTheDark: Hey dominik! 
I really like to hear your bits and pieces. Tho often your tips feels like bigger production reels.
Do you have any tips for the easier ones? Like those poplar ones with just text on a b-roll?
  17. @saccarois: thanks!
  18. @sean.momentum: I’d like to see you do a video on text hooks and your thought process. This video too was just 👌
  19. @HuisTotThuis: How did you make those layers in photoshop? I love that!
  20. @LiyueKlint: Your videos are underrated! This video is literally a gem.

- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [39 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  3. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  4. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  5. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  6. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  7. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  8. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  9. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  10. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  11. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  12. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  13. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!
  14. @eyeprops5422: Insurance salespeople are the new You Tubers.
  15. @UniversumMensch: Very good! THX 😁
  16. @KorayJackMariaJungmin: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @Liokeedit: Give me notes of this video
  18. @build-by-vansh: Bro please add hindi audio.
  19. @AaashishKaushik: which tool you use for video editing ?
  20. @antoniaosborne4972: Can you do a video on visual hooks and ideas?

- The Best Hooks for Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en the first 3 seconds of your ad is going to determine whether you're going to make money or burn it and after analyzing millions of dollars in ad spend this year I found the hooks that are dominating right now some of these are brand new while some of these have evolved and one of them I've seen dominate across nearly every single product in Industry that I've tested it out on so far so it's a very easy win now for every video creative that I test I actually test out four unique hook variations because even though the best ad won't work if you can't stop the scroll and we can't place all of our hope in just one hook so let's break down the top hook styles that are winning so far in 2025 plus how to use them in our own ads and be sure to let me know your brand or product in the comments and I will personally suggest a hook for you to test out all I ask is that you like and subscribe the first hook trend is what I like to call the go against the tradition hooks these hooks call out a status quo or a commonly held belief and then immediately challenge it they work because they disrupt expectations and challenge people on what they think they thought they knew this creates instant Intrigue and curiosity now how to use them I've actually found the best way to use them is to make sure you call out the tradition directly in the hook this is perfect for product education ads where you need to encourage someone to try something new it also works really well with before and after visuals to help show that transformation and then hook number two conversational hooks no because because these don't even feel like Hooks and that's exactly why they work they come across as hyper authentic and to be honest I've seen them work across both paid and organic content across multiple Industries some of the ways that you can use this Hook is actually how I started off by sharing this hook with you guys by using the phrase no because or okay these or wait why is this XYZ I actually first tested this out on my own personal content as a suggestion from Julia Bloom and it was one of my top performing andic posts from last year no because the creatives that people love to share online do not actually work these TRS work because they make users feel like they're jumping into a conversation that's already happening which forces them to pause and play catchup which is a natural hack at gaining people's attention now these are super easy to test you can simply tweak the beginning of any video and it really works with any type of Creator content from B2B to Beauty to apparel if you have a few Creator briefs that you're working on right now this is a very easy one to add in but a common question that I often get asked is hey what if I don't have Creator content or I want to literally try out this strategy right now this is where story blocks comes in one of my favorite ways to replicate the feel of ugc without relying on creators is by combining highquality story blocks footage with Native text overlays in a conversational tone for example you could use a quick clip of someone scrolling on their phone with one of these messaging strategies or you could pair a high energy reaction shot with okay these are insane as the opening line with millions of stock Clips templates and image assets story blocks makes it insanely easy to create scroll stopping performance ad creative even if you don't necessarily have Creator content on hand the best part is is you're going to have full usage rights for all content making it 100% legal to use even for ads it's literally instant content you don't have to learn a new AI solution or wait for a Creator to shoot the content or God forbid schedule a video shoot to get unlimited downloads for One Flat Rate Check out storyblocks at story blocks.com darad Denny or click the link in the description and now hook number three viral product hooks so when I was conducting research for this video and analyzing the ad creative from the brands that I work with one thing was very clear that ads that still tap into virality are still absolutely crushing it in 2025 even though I feel like it's a little bit boring to talk about this is honestly one of the few hooks that I've seen work for years without necessarily losing steam or fatiguing and that's because people love what's already popular it creates social proof and proves to people that they're making right investment simple proof in numbers y'all but I have noticed a few angles that consistently work number one product reviews this is going to leverage curiosity and social proof and number two founder stories which really builds credibility and more of that emotional connection these type of ads are perfect for beauty Wellness fashion skincare anything where virality really helps Drive demand it also works really great with ugc reaction clips and before and after Transformations a really easy way way to test this is just to Simply add this text overlay over your top performing app and if your product hasn't gone viral yet try framing this idea around a viral movement instead something like this and number four reaction hooks very similar to conversational hooks reaction hooks work really well because they really hinge on that authentic reaction that authenticity notice the trend they make ads feel real unscripted and unprompted which is exactly why why they drive strong performance so here's an easy win for your next creative brief simply brief in the opportunity for your creator to give those natural reactions while testing out your product and it's interesting over the last few years I've seen this really common during Black Friday Cyber Monday during when times of gifting are really popular but this year I've really seen these reaction-based ads dominate in Beauty and Industry and it's something that I'm trying out across all the brands that I'm working with and my expert tip here is to combine this with any of the other hooks that I'm going to show in this video it makes for an even stronger ad and hook number five controversy ads the power of polarization so leaning into negative marketing has been a top performing strategy on meta for the last few years hooks like these now I'm not going to lie these are still working pretty well in 2025 but I've seen that leaning into more controversial hooks are even more powerful so instead of highlighting a flaw or turning the positive to a negative these ads actually try to introduce debate and draw skepticism which forces viewers to kind of see what the fuss is all about so yes I would actually say these hooks are super similar to the breaking the tradition type of AD creative and I will say going against the grain is in the fabric of American society which is why I think these ads work so well here some examples of controversial hooks I actually got targeted this one from my old client and immediately when I saw big pH stand out I immediately stopped the scroll and was like I'm tuning in ultimately these type of hooks create instant Intrigue because they're identifying a common enemy a hot take or just another controversy and the best part is is whether or not people agree or disagree with your statement you're very likely to get a lot more engagement by using these ads people are going to share people are going to debate which is going to further push the algorithm to put out your ad my two big tips here is these are great for products that are challenging some type of norm and also definitely test out using the actual word controversy I have found that that really does Drive quite a bit of performance and if you want me to help pick the best hook for your product or brand be sure to let me know in the comments below and I will reply with my top pick for you personally and hook number six trigger hooks words that stop the scroll some words immediately trigger an emotional or psychological response causing people to stop react and engage with your ad and these words aren't just catchy or superflous they really do tap into deeply rooted human emotions like desire embarrassment loathing and anxiety I've analyzed thousands of ad creatives this year alone and I've noticed again and again that a lot of the top performers are ones that just have words that have that extra special um here's actually a list of some of my favorite trigger words to use in ad creative there are trigger words that Drive curiosity and Intrigue fear and anxiety shock and controversy desire emotion and anger and resentment and of course we got a few of these in action right here now here's an easy way that you can test this right now before launching any AD creative I actually upload my top performing hooks into chat GPT and ask it to enhance them with emotional trigger words this is a really simple step but has actually increased the performance on a lot of my ad creatives recently definitely try it and hook number seven demographic hooks this is honestly the top performing hooks so far in 2025 now I talked about demographic hooks in last year's video but here's the thing it is still driving the best performance today in 2025 and I'm not really surprised about it here's two reasons why number one they help meta accurately Target your creative so these days meta doesn't really rely on interest targeting or lookalike targeting to drive results I haven't really seen great performance coming out of those audiences lately it's really coming more out of Advantage Plus audiences or just broad open targeting but what meta does use to help Target your customers is by looking at the actual meta data inside of your ad creative so things like your imagery and your messaging which yes does include your text overlay so when you call out a specific demographic in your hook meta takes that as a strong targeting signal and helps deliver your ads to those right people and number two another reason why this works is this type of AD creative is inherent more top of funnel so instead of targeting by problem or even product you're actually targeting more by identity this tends to increase scalability because you're talking to a lot bigger audience without actually needing them to be already problem aware so my big tip here is to think about how your users categorize thems this can be by age by job title lifestyle affiliation and even potentially health conditions if you aren't testing out demographic hooks in 2025 you are probably leaving a lot of money on the table hook number the multiple hook hook now this is a trend that I've seen more and more this year I think it's one of the easiest ways to improve ad creative performance without actually making net new ads and simply instead of just relying on one hook this method actually Stacks two to three hooks to create a sort of hook reel at the beginning of your ad I've seen this prevent drop off in the first few seconds by really keeping that engagement high and it can also appeal to multiple psychological triggers at once like identity controversy demographic targeting you can literally just combine everything that we're talking in this video and it is very easy to test just edit existing High performers by adding an extra hook at the start some winning combinations that I've seen work really well include demographic plus controversy hooks demographic plus anti-traditional product Hooks and hook number nine the how do I know if hook your users already have these questions in mind the second they discover your product or service and how do I know if it's right for me this look directly Taps into that uncertainty which is why it's so effective it mirrors the exact same thoughts that your customers are having in real time making the ad feel instantly relevant and to be honest it feels more like a genuine conversation than a traditional ad and it automatically frames the ad from the viewer's perspective instead of the Brand's perspective and this one's very easy all that you have to do is start your hook with how do I know if insert common consumer objection if you want an ad that instantly resonates with your audience or if you're trying to make your ad creative feel more genuine and authentic this is absolutely the ad creative to test next and hook number 10 the speed and transformation hook which shows fast results and visible change the way that I know that a brand is going to crush it on meta ads is if they can number one provide what appears to be an easy solution to someone's problem that promises really quick change think about it this is why Beauty and cosmetics do so well on meta ads because the reality is people don't just want results they want fast invisible proof that their product is actually going to deliver on the promise that's why combining speed with a before and after transformation makes this hook one of the strongest I've seen so far in 2025 it Taps into instant gratification and combining it with before and after visuals show that the product actually works the best way to use this is to use time based phrases which creates urgency and drives Intrigue ultimately speed gets attention and transformation builds trust use both and you got a winning hook all right I just gave you the top 10 best performing hooks so far in 2025 and now I want to hear from you let me know which ones you're most excited to test out in the comments below and if you haven't already hit like And subscribe so you won't miss my next ad creative breakdown love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [17 likes]: Hey everyone! There has been such a great response for hooks, I'm so honored :) 

If you are subscribed to the channel (I can see a little button on my side!), I will be sure to respond to you with the hooks within a day or so. Love you guys!!
  2. @starfox300 [2 likes]: How can you write "women over 40, listen up" when it violates Facebook's personal attributes rules?
  3. @samfouzir983: The name of our company is slickyblocks.. We are an AI website builder that includes SEO, ecommerce, marketing tools... we are small and competing against big players like shopify and wix.. Its hard to get a good hook in my industry. what do you recommend.. Great channel FYI
  4. @karenabbott9908: Great video!  thank you! - paid ads car insurance
  5. @Mrumer-si3fn: i have party accessories niche. what's the best hook for me?
  6. @jeffmccreary-d4j: Essential Oil Lotion for pain
  7. @thrivebestnaturally: Thank you so helpful. I'm not sure which to apply first they all have their benefits.
  8. @BLINDTRAVELLER_12: I love you so so much... ❤
  9. @withdreamkeeper: Good for skincare brands?
  10. @ClariceMiss: What hook do you suggest for an RnB singer?! :) ( I know this one is a tough one...)
  11. @bgdtwellness: Hi! Thank you for this video. We offer Ketamine therapy, GLP-1 treatment, and Gene Testing.
  12. @VictoriaHostSecrets: Love your content!  I am starting a sauna and pergola building company for residential home owners wondering what would be the best hook!!??😊
  13. @iannicholson651: Mortgage Broker
  14. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  15. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  16. @SamuelOgunjimi: I own an insurance agency. We offer whole life insurance plan
  17. @DigitalSurge-vs: suggest hook for algo trading masterclass.
Really loved your video
  18. @davidsantamaria2380: We offer private tennis sessions in Miami. Can you recommend a hook for us?
  19. @HAMZABROUD: Real estate
  20. @dassimakopoulos: I am a chiropractor with a special interest in treating jaw pain. Can you recommend a hook for me?

- Learn React Hooks in JUST 4 Minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en React is awesome until you run into this use estate, use effect, use context, and suddenly your brain short circuits. Do I need all these hooks? Why are there so many? And what even is a context? I get it. But here's the truth. React hooks are not hard. In the next few minutes, I'll break down the most important hooks in a way that makes sense. No jargon, no drama, just the power you need to go from confused to confident. Stick with me because by the end, you'll actually get how to use hooks to build real apps, not toy projects. Let's dive in. React without state is like a smartphone with no memory. Kind of sleek, but ultimately useless. Use a state is the hook that gives your app a brain. Want to track user input? Click counters. Dark mode toggle. That's all use a state. And it's ridiculously easy to use. That's it. This gives you two things. Count the current value. Set count. A function you use to update that value. So when you want to change count, you don't modify it directly. You call set count new value and React updates everything for you. Boom. Now your app remembers things. It's like giving your app a brain without needing to build Skynet. But what if you want your app to do something when that brain changes? Use Effect is like your app's personal assistant. Want to fetch data when a component loads? Automatically update the page title when a user logs in. That's use effect. Here's the basic setup. The first argument is a function, what you want to run. The second is a dependency array. If you leave the array empty, the effect runs only once when the component mounts. But if you put something inside, like count, it runs every time that value changes. This gives you full control over when your side effects happen. Forget to add the array. Congrats, your app just entered the infinite loop dimension. So yes, use effect is powerful, but handle it with care. Now, what if your app's data needs to be shared across multiple components? Passing props down four levels is exhausting. This is where use context saves your life. Crowd drilling is that thing where you pass data through five components just to get it from A to B. It's annoying, messy, and hard to manage. Use context fixes that. With context, you can share data across your entire app without passing props manually. It's like creating a shared data backpack that any component can reach into. Imagine a logged in user's data. Instead of passing it to every nav, sidebar, and profile card, just create a context. First, we create a context called user context, initializing it with null. Next, we build and export a custom hook use user, which will let us easily access the data from the context whenever we need it. Then, we wrap our components inside a user context provider and pass the data we want to share through the value prop. In our navbar component, we use the use user hook to access the user data we've shared. Now, we can access and use this shared data anywhere in our app without having to pass props down manually. This hook is essential once your app grows beyond just a couple of components. But wait, what if the logic you're using is the same across multiple features? That's where custom hooks come in. When your code starts looking like copy-paste chaos, it's time to level up. Custom hooks let you write reusable logic that looks clean, elegant, and actually maintainable. For example, in our use context setup, we created a custom hook, use user, to easily access the shared data across components. Want a hook to handle online status or form validation? You can build your own. You name it, extract it and reuse it wherever. It's like turning messy leftovers into a gourmet meal. So, here's what you just unlocked. Use estate for remembering data. Use effect for running side effects. Use context for sharing data painlessly. Custom hooks for organizing logic like a pro. Master these and you're no longer just learning React. You're building powerful scalable apps. The kind that shows up in portfolios, interviews, and real world projects. If this video helped you, hit that like button. It helps more than you know. Subscribe for more dev tips that actually make sense. and drop a comment which hook confused you the most before this. Let's talk about it. With that said, thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aman-t6v [3 likes]: Very interesting and well executed. Good job!
  2. @codewithvin04 [3 likes]: nice!
  3. @nishantdev [2 likes]: i want to start a channel like this for myslef, and how do you get the voiceovers so humanlike?
  4. @suraj-me7zl [1 likes]: Awesome but make more beginner friendly by increasing time to around 10 minutes

- I reacted to 53 visual hooks on Meta used by 9-figure ecom and app brands: Kind: captions Language: en if your hook doesn't open your video ad gets ignored your CPA rise and your video ads start to fatigue 93% of marketers aren't opening their video ads strategically and it's leading to worse and worse performance in their Facebook ads in this video I'm going to react to 53 visual Hooks and so if you want to spend the time with me this will help you get inspiration for your own video ads and increase your hook rate AKA thumb stop rate I've seen just simply swapping hooks decrease CPAs 30% while while refreshing the ad creative but before we get into that I'm Manson founder of sovereign. I used to be in growth and creative strategy at com and cash app I've managed seven figure monthly Facebook ad campaigns and I want to share with you things that I've seen work so let's get into the video okay so this one is from better me and you might have heard of them so this is a AI generated video and the I don't know if you and you probably aren't hearing the audio correctly but uh there's an AI female voice on this but yeah the image is generated with AI and I think they're doing a zoom in the vibe is kind of like a depressed vibe that they're going for but yeah you can do this pretty easily uh actually using sovereign. a I don't mean to pitch you but there it is next one AI transformation 2 this is from from an app called Simple dieting app 40 yeah so the video was generated generated with AI uh the text hook how to lose 40 pounds in one month it's a transformation and I labeled it AI transformation to uh you can do this pretty uh easily also with sovereign let's move on to this next one same thing AI generated and it is super eye-catching in my opinion it's a little bit out there but it clearly works if they've taken the time to localize this into a different language English let's move on yep another another one with AI generated visuals yep uh this one the how they did this was the ugc with a ugc Creator and then they turned the last frame uh and I I believe they inputed this last frame into an AI tool I forgot what the Tool's called it might be Pika art so if you want to achieve this effect you can check out Pika another another one from the simple dieting app they use a lot of AI generated visuals all many of them leading into the same ugc testimonial mashup video yeah another one uh similar to the first one that we just saw from better me this is an AI generated image where they zoom in there's an AI voiceover reading through this text script and then transitioning into a body video I believe this body video does well for them because they keep transitioning hooks into this body video next cool which yeah so if celebrity Joe Rogan super wellknown guy and if he calls out your product this is from the ridge wallet he they're using it as a visual hook yeah so this is a classic unboxing visual hook you can test this for yourself too very little lift okay this one is from rocket money their uh very well-known fintech app and they use this visual hook a lot actually it's an egg crush and um yeah maybe this is something you can do for yourself too you can write something on an egg and crush it see how that performs okay moving on uh the next few ones will be destruction oriented sort of like the one we just saw from the rocket money so this one they're shooting bullets at the ridge wallet and seeing how it uh stands up same thing same thing another destruction visual hook that you just saw this guy um for space Goods just destroyed a pyramid of paper cups another destruction one and this actually leads to a a coffee pouring or a liquid pouring visual hook that does very well with the these um food related companies okay another destruction one this guy's throwing a cup onto the ground the Cups have shattering there's a lot of uh destruction going on here okay I label this as destruction uh it's a blender visual hook um reminds me of the um will it blend company if you've seen a lot of their videos on YouTube another one with rdge wallet where they're destroying their an old wallet and it's a super eye-catching it feels like destruction or destroying things is a good visual hook that you might be able to test okay moving on okay this is related to destruction but it exaggerates the problem a little bit of tight t-shirts this is from True classic a ripped guy um onto the next one this is also exaggerates the problem another one from True classic where the guy's obviously wearing a very tight shirt one this one's very creative uh it's a fake FaceTime one uh you might be able to try this pretty easily yourself with this uh overlay now on to fake news and it was super creative uh you might have seen those viral hooks where uh it's it seems like it's related to the news so you can play on this and create a A New Concept out of this moving on okay so this is from the simple app again leading to the same ugc testimonial video this visual Hook is a podcast uh there's a mouth is hidden behind a microphone and it looks like the AI is saying something and there's also this social media familiarity piece with this visual hook moving on another fake podcast um they're in a some studio setting there's a microphone sort of like this mic microphone I'm talking into and looks like she's in a a podcast setting this is a split frame that uh this is a split frame concept or or layout that you should test I've seen it do very very well you might have seen this uh split frame visual hook in ads from Headway for example people just don't understand okay another fake podcast visual hook yeah so this one's from rocket money I've never seen this before actually where it looks like a fake standup shoot I'm a fan of standup comedy so this really stood out to me so this one's from ult overnight and it's a behind the scene shoot and people love um delicious food and I think I'll this yeah this next one from n um they're famous for their visual hooks around grasy greasy food and transitions to a body video of uh a quiz onboarding flow but yeah this starts with a very greasy uh egg visual hook okay that was another one uh transitioning to a different body video for the simple app uh just a jack dude ugc Face Forward classic you can test this pretty easily yeah so this one is a visual hook of a obviously Jack dude putting on different shirts you might be able to put this uh test this for yourself too if you're related to health and wellness or uh fashion okay the famous liquid pore visual hooks this one's from mudwater and this is kind of related to that coffee um overflowing visual hook uh and throwing a coffee cup on the floor visual Hook from space goods and if you pay attention if you've been in the game long enough uh n does a lot of these liquid pore visual hooks so yep another um coffee poor visual hook but this one goes into a fun New Concept that's trending lately it's the The Hope core concept and I love those videos it's very very funny so seems like they created a an ad concept out of this space Goods yeah another uh liquid pore visual hook um something about over flowing liquid getting all over the place might be some sort of instinctual thing that catches our eye another one another liquid pore yep uh okay now on to different kind of concept oddly satisfying this one we love doing this one at Cal and it still works and we're still running it oddly satisfying kinetic sand another type of visual hook so this one's fun because it's a new um a new kind of angle look uh of the ugc face forward ad someone's lying on the couch and this one's from loop someone's lying on the floor similar to the one right before where someone's lying on the couch yeah another product split frame um similar to that space Goods podcast ad with with two frames you can try this for yourself interesting ad concept too where they film a reaction of a customer so you might be able to try this for yourself too okay another one from space Goods this is a reverse throw um ey catching you can test this too okay this is a social media familiarity I don't know what it's called just named it that but you see that this is related looks similar to a Twitter um feed you post but it it was it looked kind of the same it looked similar to one that we saw earlier okay this is the classic Street interview uh this one's from rocket money okay A Street reaction visual Hook from True classic very aspirational uh the these ads from True classic there's a one we saw earlier with a jack dude uh this one so very aspirational guys want to look jacked guys want to get these good reactions from from female triple frame yeah this one's from shedi so a play on the vertical split frame but you can do three frames like this you can even do four frames one two three four this one has three okay classic ugc green screen okay classic ugc and car visual hook okay I call this one the vag Le sexual yep uh someone zipping their zipper wearing jeans okay I love these uh have heard that these perform very well these viral hooks then stitching onto transitioning onto your message so try it out for yourself now on to this one I call it Welcome to My Crib um a play on MTV Cribs yeah pretty very interesting visual hook this is what I call a whiteboard visual hook um I can start this over okay doesn't seem like I can play it again there we go Vis uh visual hook of a white board seems very educational Vibes uh I call this the WTF just makes me go what is going on here someone in uh like an airtight suit trying to drink coffee now this is the wtf2 uh WTF there's a doctor there's a skeleton on the bed just makes me just makes me go what the hell uh and then this is lastly the zoom out cool so yeah those are some visual hooks that I noticed out in the wild that top Ecom and app companies are running so if you have some ideas for visual hooks I hope this was helpful for your video ads and let me know in the comments below if you had a favorite visual hook

- The Psychology Behind Good Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en It should come as no surprise that modern advertising as we know it, has shaped our society in many ways. A lot of our daily decisions and life choices are influenced in part by advertising itself. It’s become such a deep-rooted constituent of our established norm that a world without it would seem, frankly, strange "Like so many others, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct" "Uh, yes. I'd like to order the Erica Pekkary dust ruffles" "Please hold." This is because barely a moment goes by during our day when we aren’t bombarded with advertisements in some form or the other. Posters, billboards, flyers, TV commercials, and internet ads, all creep into our personal space and tell us what we should buy and who we should be. For now our only brief escape from our role as a potential consumer comes to us during sleep. But even this could possibly change one day. "Are you bored?" "Get Sky Go for your mobile" "Best entertainment and live sport" "When you want it and where you want it" What's important to know is that the purpose of advertising isn’t limited in its capacity to harass us into parting with our hard earned money. Advertising plays a traditional role in helping businesses reach prospective customers and vice versa. Without it we would not know where to look for a particular product or service we need. Perhaps without advertising we wouldn’t even know what we wanted in the first place. Yet in our present day technologically driven lives, the reach between producer and consumer has grown a lot smaller. With the numerous media platforms and channels available to us, a simple online search takes us to a list of providers able to satisfy our every want. Our dilemma today comes in the form of not knowing which product to choose from out of the many available to us. This is where good advertising comes into play. In a saturated market, subtle differences can make the distinction between the choice of one product over another. There are typically two modes of advertising that ad agencies and marketing gurus utilize. One focuses on the qualities of the product, while the other seeks to arouse an emotional response from the intended audience. The moment you start to think about advertisements that have stood out to you in the recent past, there’s a high probability that they incorporated the latter. And there’s a good reason for this. "Well gentlemen, I don't think I have to tell you what you just witnessed here" "I think you do" Why should you choose one product over another? That decision becomes easy when you develop an affinity with a particular brand. It could be something as small as an aesthetically appealing logo design. Something that resonates with you and feels calming. The right colours and appropriate typography all matched in harmony for a well packaged product. But advertising goes beyond a well thought out logo or attractive packaging. The most successful ad campaigns hardly say anything about the product itself but instead create a lucid atmosphere that evokes a strong emotion from its target consumer. These are the types of advertisements that we remember, talk about, and influence our purchasing decisions. Now, let’s take a look at the following two commercials about perfume: "Fragrances by Shulton" "The essence of precious scents caught in that precise moment of fulfillment" "Distilled with exquisite artistry for your every mood" "In four fragrances" "Here's the newest adventure in fragrances" "Escapade" "A blending of subtle French genius with a bold, vivacious, American touch" "To be lovely is to feel lovely when your fragrance expresses your gayest self" "So choose a gay adventure - choose Escapade toilet water" "Immediately, you'll feel lovely" "Why, you are lovely in that light and gay Escapade mood" "And remember your Escapade stick cologne to a new adventure, wherever you are" "Enjoy all these fragrances" "Friendship's garden" "Early American Old Spice" "Dessert Flower - At leading cosmetic counters everywhere" "Toilet Waters at a $1.25 and a $1.50, stick colognes $1" "Acqua di Gioia, the new eau fraiche" "Giorgio Armani" The differences between the two commercials are quite stark. The first ad for Escapade Perfume quite explicitly focuses on the product itself. They describe certain characteristics of the perfume while going on to talk about its application and effect on the user. And this is quite difficult to do when describing a product whose main selling attribute (smell) is not transmissible through Television. It almost seems absurd, but the second perfume commercial for Giorgio Armani does not even try in the least to directly communicate the features of their product. They rely solely on alighting particular feelings and associations with their perfume. In this case, we could assume that the directors behind the ad wanted to transmit the feeling of ethereal beauty. We see a woman who fits into our standard of high attractiveness in our society, frolicking through a rainforest in the midst of a storm. The only mention of the perfume is in the last six seconds of the one minute ad. So why do we care about the associations of a product, rather than the product itself? Good advertising helps us begin to answer one of the most fundamental questions of life – Who Am I? This is because when it comes to figuring out who we are and what we want from life, we usually struggle to find answers. A lot of this is existential and has to do with the fact that we’re born with no pre-established notion of what it means to be human. It’s up to us to figure that along the way. But making that decision isn’t easy. In fact, it’s a huge burden. Out of all the possibilities our lives can take, how can we decide who or what we should be? We have no inkling if the choices we make will turn out to be good or not. Yet, we are each tasked with the responsibility of deciding for ourselves and can only hope that we’ve chosen well. On the other hand, good advertising helps us build an identity by releasing the anxiety brought about by self-determination. It tells us exactly what choice to make by compelling us to buy a certain product. And once we have done so, we will be able to emulate the identity and characteristics that we have learned to associate with that product from a particular commercial or advertisement. "Advertising is based on one thing" "Happiness" "And do you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car" "It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams, with reassurance, that whatever you're doing, it's okay." "You are okay" Advertising that caters to our feelings, primarily resonates with our subconscious mind and not our conscious mind. It’s why we sometimes can’t rationally deduce our preference for a certain brand and our ability to pay a premium for a product we can’t tell apart from its competitors. If we are drawn to it simply because of what it evokes inside of us and the associations that come with it, then rest assured, the marketing department has done their research. What this means is that we need to start thinking carefully about the decisions we make even if it’s something as insignificant as purchasing a perfume. Good advertising feeds off both our insecurities and deficiencies as humans and makes us believe that we can mask them with a new and exciting identity. Make no mistake, the only thing you’ll be able to achieve is to diminish your anxiety in the short term. And of course, you’ll spend money on things you don’t need in order to quell a discomfort that needs to be addressed appropriately. Making authentic decisions that align with our best interests is no easy task and takes a lot of effort. Yet, we have to realize that losing ourselves into the illusions constructed by good advertising will not make our lives any easier. They will only detract us from accepting and being comfortable with who we really are and the givens of our reality. There is no point striving towards an ideal when perfection doesn’t exist. Accomplish this and you’ll be a much happier individual.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willivonen3886 [1 likes]: How good would you say artificial intelligence when it becomes a super intelligence be used for advertising?😂
  2. @MobilaisTelefons-u3w: 🤔🤔🤔 
I've been sitting and thinking after watching this and came in conclusion...

Advertisement companies owes me significant amount of money, for playing their garbage on my devices...
  3. @RăzvanMocanu-d7t: Interesting!
  4. @cloudy1723: You’ll need a hobo teacher and your buddy’s dogtag from the war.
  5. @timothyingram: Advertising is predominantly garbage.
  6. @SakinKakazai: Greate video! Thanks for this
  7. @BoyerAngelah: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  8. @StellarMeng: This video explains why certain ads grab our attention psychologically, and it reminded me of an article I read on The Observatory called “What Makes a Good Online Video Ad: How Brands Grab Your Attention.” It’s fascinating how attention psychology and storytelling strategy are so intentionally designed in great ads.
  9. @junodonatus4906: How often do we hear this in a commercial: "They don't want you to know and they're trying to silence me.....but I'm going to tell you anyway." There is a variation of "I'm in danger for telling you what corporations don't want you to know" in so many commercials. The idea of BIG companies scamming you and the little guy exposing that must have some deeply rooted appeal for the people.
  10. @cutkitvid9548: Do you know drilling these hideous commercials into people's heads causes them to hate every product affiliated  with constant repetitive not very imaginative stupid pleas to buy a product. 1. More money spent on commercials less on product. 2. If your product can't stand the scrutiny of word to mouth advertising then it's not worth buying. 3. I have a very very very long notepad page naming every stinking commercial I ever had to watch wait for it to be over or hear. If I'm in doubt I refer back to my notes ...but I never ever ever buy anything I've seen in a commercial or heard or waited for on-line. That's  the psychology of commercials for me and I'm not the only one. Only fools listen to commercials or pay attention
  11. @GolnazRamezani: perfect✨
  12. @AbdoulParé-t1m: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  13. @Creative_Chaos09: :finger-red-number-one:
  14. @splearning19: Fell asleep midway through this video I’m ngl
  15. @Zaib-5838: 4:20 for the newer generation, here gay means happiness.
  16. @HowlinWatersSoloShows: Got the message loud and clear ... Escapade perfume makes you gay. 🥴
  17. @Hoert-om4pp: Why does everyone only have no-reply addresses and constantly bombard me with advertising?
Such addresses seem sickening, of course, because no communication can be sent back to tell them that we don't want their junk!
This applies to all advertisers so far, so as long as the internet has existed, we are still forced to see their sick behavior, which never seems to be treated, for example, in hospitals. How long will their need to embarrass themselves everywhere continue, I wonder, because no one can stand to hang out with psychos like this their whole life, and this kind of behavior doesn't go away without the strongest drugs that psychiatry can give them!!!???
  18. @Nhlanhla-z6m: Would have love to continue to listen, however the narrator sounds so robotic.
  19. @adudecalleddarien: I'm using this video as a reference for my essay on the topic of advertising. This is really deep and well-written video, actually. I'm appreciative to have found this video.
  20. @graphixkillzzz: advertising can manipulate humans to do anything. 
except not fall for advertising.

imagine advertising to manipulate people to stop being manipulable by advertising?

- #1 Tip For Headlines That Hook Like Crazy: Kind: captions Language: en jim edwards here and here's my number one tip for headlines that hook like crazy now what's this all about well let me tell you a quick story you may or may not know but for 10 years i was a syndicated newspaper columnist which meant that i wrote real articles that appeared in real papers across the and in magazines around the world so i remember when i started writing for the newspaper i was so nervous and so i would literally spend all day sunday writing my column and so then my deadline was on tuesdays around 9 9 30 in the morning and so i would submit my my column and then would wait for the paper to come out on wednesday and i started noticing a pattern and that pattern was that when my column came out obviously i had an editor and the editor would go make little tweaks to my article but not really ever any tweaks that were noticeable but he kept changing my headline literally my headline was not the headline that i put out there and week after week after week after week i'm submitting this thing and he's changing my headline changing my headline so i called him i'm like hey what's going on what's wrong with my headlines he said well they're not hooky enough what what do you mean hooky enough he said well the purpose of the headline is to make people curious to watch the vid i mean excuse me to watch the video to read the article to make them stop make them curious enough to read the article and so you need to hook them with an angle and with curiosity i didn't know it at the time i can't spell curiosity but um i didn't know it at the time but that was one of the most valuable copywriting lessons i had ever gotten in my life by the way one of the things that i will tell you is in my book copywriting secrets if you don't have a copy of it yet you should on page 42 i start revealing to you my 14 top headline formulas that i have learned over the years that are absolutely proven to grab people to hook people and to grab them and pull them in but let me give you a quick tip on all of this and pull it all together i'm going to give you my number one top script for headlines that are super super hooky okay and it is how to benefit that is a formula a script that will work anywhere to sell anything why because the reason people pay attention to anything is because they think there's some sort of a payoff in it for them i don't care if it's quilting i don't care if it's weight loss i don't care if it's how to make money in the stock market i don't care what it is how to improve your marriage the benefit is the hook all right it's it's like a fisherman with their big hook out there and just like the editor of the newspaper barely touched the copy of my article he knew that the hook was what was going to get people to stop what they were doing and to actually read the article so your big tip here is the hook i want you to use this week how to benefit and this is a big reason why you got to be totally tuned in with your avatar because your avatar is what's going to dictate the benefit the payoff the thing that you put in this script that's actually going to work it's going to attract your avatar so this is critical though so try this it seems simple like oh i don't know maybe a third grader could understand it which maybe we'll talk about that later this week but if a third grader can understand it by golly your overworked busy time starved attention starved avatar can grasp it and this works for sales copy and this works for content like gangbusters hey one last thing if you don't have a copy of my book yet copywriting secrets you really should because it doesn't just show you like on page 42 how to use 14 of my top headline formulas and scripts to get amazing results on page 16 it gives you the top 10 reasons why people buy anything which you can then use as the angle for your curiosity inducing headlines and my old editor at the newspaper sure would be proud so if you want to get good at angles you want to get good at hooks you want to get good at all of this stuff grab a copy of copywriting secrets i'll give it to you for free just head on over to copywritingsecrets.com i'll give you a free physical copy of the book just pay a small shipping and handling i'm jim edwards i hope you enjoyed this tip and remember if you want to know how to get a benefit of being able to be amazing at copywriting grab a copy of my book and also check out our blog the jim edwards method premium or excuse me the jim edwards method you have a premium site but we'll talk about that another day

  Top Comments:
  1. @shoda-c1i [1 likes]: The reminder to focus on the "what's in it for me?" aspect is gold; instantly makes my headlines more compelling!
  2. @QuizmasterLaw: 1:30 is where it starts and it outros with an ad
  3. @davidderama1: Amazing
  4. @MarkSetaro: There's a fine line between hooky and hokey.
  5. @albin.revamps: Supper valuable videos
  6. @armikmuson: Oh, Jim, read your books. Like your content.
  7. @VeronicaShah-s4l: This video is a game-changer! I'm excited to implement the "what's in it for me?" principle and see how it boosts my click-through rates. Thanks for making headline writing feel less like a shot in the dark!
  8. @JenniferAnderson-f2s: Focusing on the reader's "what's in it for me?" is brilliant; I'm already seeing how this will improve my headlines. Thanks for the clear, actionable strategies to create benefit-driven hooks!
  9. @jasiannapolanco: The "what's in it for me" principle is a game-changer! I'm excited to implement this strategy and finally create headlines that truly connect with my audience. Thanks for the clear and actionable advice.
  10. @truthserum7923: The title itself hooked like crazy😅
  11. @GiovanniFerrari-t2k3u: This showed me how to write headlines that actually feel personal. My engagement’s already up!
  12. @lainetrask: Amazing breakdown of how to cut through the noise and focus on what truly matters: the reader's immediate benefit! Definitely going to be reframing my headlines with this "what's in it for me?" approach.
  13. @traytonsteelman: The "what's in it for me?" angle is so crucial; I'm going to use this to re-evaluate all my headlines from now on!
  14. @junelwolter: Awesome breakdown of how to craft headlines that speak directly to what the reader wants – can't wait to try this out and see the impact!
  15. @joakimaturner: The "what's in it for me" framework is a game-changer; I'm already brainstorming ways to rephrase my headlines with a clear benefit! Thanks for breaking down the core principles of effective headline writing.
  16. @derk-x1u: Simple, clear, benefit-driven – this approach makes headline writing feel so much more strategic and less like throwing spaghetti at the wall!
  17. @oluwamuyiwa_StoreAnalysts: thanks for this hack sir
  18. @safaball-k5w: Clarity and direct benefit – exactly what my headlines were missing! Thanks for the actionable advice; time to put this into practice!
  19. @chauntell-b1w: Focusing on clarity and the reader's direct benefit – that's the key takeaway for me! I'm excited to implement this approach and see how it impacts my click-through rates.
  20. @Annika-g5w: Great tips! I'm going to try framing my headlines as "you will get X if you read this" to really highlight the benefit to the reader.

- Clickbait’s Crazy Ending, Explained - The Clickbaiting of Film & TV: Kind: captions Language: en this video is brought to you by bright sellers the go-to wine club that pairs you with wines you'll love play it again come on it's obviously fake is most entertainment today getting click betafied the popular netflix series click bait is exactly what its name says it keeps you on the hook with the promise of something titillating but never delivers deeper substance and might leave you wondering why you clicked in the first place this turns out to be a waste of time it's on you after family man nick brewer played by entourage star adrian grenier appears in a viral video holding signs that claim he's abused women the ensuing media spectacle initiates a hunt both for nick and for the truth about who nick really was we already know that nick burrow was a serial cheater but was he also a murderer click bait uses the same kinds of techniques as internet clickbait to keep us pressing next episode focusing on sensational violent spectacle raising tantalizing questions that it delays answering and ending episodes with cliffhangers that tease a big reveal only to send us down a lot of false paths click bait prioritizes being entertaining to such an extreme and goes so far out of its way to not give the audience any way to predict the mystery's eventual answer that it undermines any coherent point or message we could take from it ultimately it's precisely the show's unsatisfyingness it's clickbait tv form that reveals something much wider about trends in today's visual storytelling in truth much of today's entertainment is about drawing us in and capturing our attention but not necessarily following through on a coherent work that adds meaning to our lives here's our take on what we all lose when stories sacrifice too much for the clicks if you're new here be sure to subscribe and click the bell to get notified about all our new videos the holidays are fast approaching and that's why i'm toasting to this video's sponsor brightsellers it's the best monthly wine club that matches me with my favorite wines right now they're offering a whopping 60 off your first four bottle box just click the link in the description below brightsellers.com take two and stock up now to save yourself so much stress later at this time of year i find it beyond helpful to have some extra bottles around that i can gift to my friends or look forward to drinking at home after a long day and especially as winter begins and we start staying inside more it's so convenient to have bright cellars delivered right to my doorstep i gravitate towards bold reds as the days get colder and after i took bright cellars as seven question quiz about my preferences they matched me with these fantastic wines that are perfectly curated to my taste each bottle comes with a wine education card outlining the tasting notes suggested pairings best serving temperature and origin so i can impress my friends and family with my new wine expertise so do yourself a favor and try bright cellars now for all your holiday needs click the link in the description below to get a 60 discount on your four bottle box [Music] the click baity video that initiates the series plot warns that a man will die if it gets five million viewers thanks to the public's inability to look away it hits that target by the end of the first episode even nick's sister pia played by zoe kazan is initially drawn in by the promise of something exciting to watch before she knows who the man is should we watch it um yeah and later struggles to stop re-watching it despite knowing she's contributing to the view count thus the series opens with the portrait of a public that can't help itself we're addicted to viral content despite knowing it's not good for us and potentially directly harmful to people's lives in this case very literally the series itself strives to achieve a similar level of addictiveness often through a tool that exposes just how much internet click bait mirrors a long-standing staple of popular entertainment the cliffhanger this unresolved tense plot point at the end of an episode of tv movie or written serial is designed to keep the viewer or reader coming back for the next installment needing to know how are they going to get out of this one there's an adage where you write yourself into a corner and you try to figure out how to get out and that usually creates really dramatic moments for the audience although tv click bait has traditionally been about getting viewers to return week after week or between seasons or sequels clickbait demonstrates how the binge watch can also leverage cliffhangers in its structure to invite compulsive engagement the episodes frequently conclude by introducing artificially tense moments like the discovery of the van from the videos at the end of episode 1. several episodes end by shifting suspicion onto a new character as the brewer family and the police discover new information creating a series of twists that redirect our attention but since the final episode is literally titled the answer we know that none of the possible suspects from the early or middle parts of the season will wind up bearing fruit these storytelling tactics are an example of what's known as schmuck bait in tv schmuck bait refers to a plot that teases a potential huge change to the status quo like the suggestion that a primary character might be killed or leave the show for a far away location i'm leaving in two weeks and i'd love for you to come along as michelle and robert king the creators and showrunners of the good wife and the good fight put in an interview schmuckbate is kind of like the end of any perils of pauline kind of serial where the car is heading towards the cliff and goes over the cliff so you think the main character has died but then you see in the next episode the main character rolls out of the car that's shmuckbait because it entices the audience into believing that something massive has happened when in fact it wasn't massive at all similarly the twists in each episode of clickbait frequently resolved themselves as hot air like when the bombshell that nick had a mistress emma beasley later gives way to the truth that they never met i'm so sorry i really believed it was danny like with actual clickbait this series uses these techniques very effectively to hook us and keep us hooked only to finally offer a solution to its central mystery that's deeply underwhelming though the series introduces several characters involved in nick's disappearance like sophie's fling curtis hamilton the catfishing victim sarah burton and her brother simon the identity of the actual killer is impossible to guess we eventually find out nick was abducted by simon and his friend daryl but simon let nick escape after realizing nick wasn't the one who drove his sister to suicide but then instead of going to a hospital to his own home or literally anywhere else nick ran to confront the real culprit his friend and colleague don who'd been using her administrative access to nick's computer to pretend to be him and catfish women on dating sites you're the only person who had access to all my photos you're the only person i told about my wife's affair my family everything at that point dawn's husband ed suddenly killed nick to cover up what dawn did as critic richard roper put it the ending throws a cold towel on our face why we don't know ed exists he shows up for the first time in the finale so there's simply no way to have deduced that ed was the real killer dawn who's framed as more at fault since she's the catfisher who causes this whole mess does briefly appear earlier in the series but she's intentionally kept on the sidelines and we're told almost nothing about her the mystery genre generally speaking relies on the promise of a satisfying solution for the reader or viewer yes it should be too hard for most of us to anticipate but a super clever person ought to at least in theory have a shot at solving the crime alongside the detective in the final drawing room scene where they explain what really happened another key thing that makes a mysteries or any story's resolution satisfying is that it has thematic resonance it provides a meaningful answer to central questions raised in its premise click bait seems to promise an incisive commentary on our modern relationship to technology and media it appears to be setting up some kind of morality tale about collective responsibility how we've forgotten about the humanity behind the viral video or given the signs nick's holding perhaps something about hurting women but what does it actually end up saying about any of these things the videos of nick originally function as click bait in large part because they appear to be a kind of feminist me too revenge story the signs and eventually dating profiles suggest nick was leading a secret life as a womanizer and possibly worse you expose that man for who he is a scumbag a liar an abuser but in the end it turns out that nick is a victim the ultimate villain is instead a middle-aged woman who's driven to callously destroy all these lives because she's bored so what message exactly is this trying to send we do hear her express that she began catfishing because women of her age are invisible i wanted to know what it felt like to be someone but after the setup of a feminist revenge video this answer inadvertently suggests that viral me too accusations are likely to be lies created by an untrustworthy older woman even nick's friend matt who's at one point hinted to be the culprit and does abuse his position of power to have an affair with one of his volleyball player charges and release photos of her is quickly discarded by the narrative because he isn't the catfisher in other words the real instance of a woman being abused by a man is used as a fake out dawn's not online husband ed is framed as somewhat pitiable as his life is destroyed because he tries to protect his wife while the show suggests that the entire series of events is really her fault and not his ed please forgive me i was wrong i was wrong about everything even though his response to this whole situation is to murder nick and even later attempt to kill nick's son kai meanwhile nick is ultimately absolved of being a serial abuser of women but clickbait then drops the whole question of who nick really was which earlier plotz told us wasn't just a perfectly innocent guy nick was on dating websites long before sophie's affair making his reaction to that a little hypocritical i wish i was the kind of man that could just move on forgive and forget i can't but if nick's not to blame and the problem isn't just bored middle-aged women then who is supposed to be the actual culprit here the internet clickbait tries to be an examination of how technology is invading our lives today and the disconnected nature of how we interact with each other online in particular it underlines the unknowability of the person on the other side of a screen someone was pretending to be nick using his image to catfish women through plots of catfishing manipulative or invasive journalistic coverage and posting revenge porn clickbait dramatizes how the industry of chasing attention online is dehumanizing the success of the original videos ensures a constant media circus around nick's disappearance which spirals out of control turning public opinion against his family it shows just how much their privacy is violated and how they're emotionally abused by the public in this time of grief shame on you later the cat fishing plot where dawn literally baits women into clicking and engaging reminds us that online interactions have a real person on the other end and what you say to them could have real consequences part of the show's point is also how the internet obscures important information from us every character in clickbait has only partial context for what happened because their experience of events has been mediated by the internet ultimately click bait doesn't really have any big answer about how technology is fundamentally changing human interaction it boils down to a much simpler story about a series of misunderstandings and the things people are driven to do by loneliness and easy access to the internet essentially it raises lots of zeitgeisty-ish problems but no original insights or solutions another key focus of clickbait's premise is how virality isn't a moral force that we can hold accountable and doesn't necessarily lead to justice or helping people there's a good point here just because something is widely shared doesn't mean that it's ethical useful or even remotely true 17 of americans and 23 percent of republicans believe that a group of satan worshipping elites who run a child sex ring are trying to control our politics and media but the show's portrait of how our media and entertainment are getting more and more clickbaity is highly sensationalized and centered on cartoonishly unscrupulous individuals clickbait explores how the phenomenon of click bait is replacing quality ethical journalism through the figure of ben park who's investigating nick's disappearance in an attempt to further his own career huge right everyone is chasing a new brewers story and you've landed a whale ben's callousness including his willingness to break into people's homes and emotionally violate a widow on live tv make even his partner see him as a monster there are real human beings on the other side of your stories you know that don't you click bait takes a fairly hostile tone towards journalism and the media in general reporters are shown thronging around the brewer house swarming the family in order to get a story it's the classic archetype of vulture journalists who don't care about the people they hurt on the way to their story just remember i scratch your back you scratch mine but today the figure of the lone reporter chasing scoops with a cameraman feels outdated now almost everyone can fit this archetype the current incarnation of this kind of character is far more likely to be found on social media or producing their own true crime podcast stay tuned for only murderers in the building coming this fall meanwhile much as the story condemns him ben's investigation into the story offers real benefit to the case he also mirrors pia in his willingness to flout the law in order to find the truth sarah burton was a third woman how did you get these messages i can't reveal my sources to coda but i can tell you that they're real most importantly the reality is that click bait and media isn't driven by any individual journalists however cutthroat or unethical it's a systemic response to industry pressures and financial problems media companies and their slimming profit margins usually rely on selling ads tied to the number of people who click on a post it's a model that rewards eyeballs however fleeting but not the public service of delivering truth education or substance despite what this show might be implying the problem of click bait isn't really a problem that began with the internet either it's a new and discomforting evolution in the story of the media adapting to the nature of human attention there's a long history of journalism that tends toward the sensational and even the fictional in order to boost profits see the yellow journalism of the early 20th century which inspired citizen kane i don't know how to run a newspaper mr fetcher i just try everything i can think of in nightcrawler jake gyllenhaal's character goes through the stages of realizing that no one cares whether he initiates or creates the stories he reports on so long as the footage is compelling enough to get on the air in the final season of the wire detectives jimmy mcnulty and lester freeman stir up a sensational news narrative about a fake serial killer with a more noble goal getting the baltimore police department much needed funding everybody's getting what they need behind some make-believe their plan works in part because they give the story to ambitious unethical baltimore sun reporter scott templeton but the plot ends up revealing deeper problems in the greater state of affairs the upper management of the paper are primed to accept this kind of fake story and even reject proof of templeton's mendacious reporting because they like most people in journalism have gotten used to higher expectations with far lower budgets whatever cutbacks there are shouldn't affect our ability to put out an excellent product simply have to do more with less the last season of the wire aired in 2008 and the more for less trend gutting journalism has only gotten worse as much of local news dies off the same incentives that encourage the empty calorie approach to clickbait in journalism produce similar results in entertainment more broadly internet clickbait drawing you in by promising something lurid then quickly disappointing you mirrors the way many movies and tv shows simply come and go most barely leave an impression in the broader culture aside from briefly cracking netflix's top 10 or perhaps stirring up a media controversy a series of click-bait-esque motivations today encourage tv and film to be sensational and weird rather than good it's more important to shock surprise and grab attention and be memeable than to deliver any deep point or quality story sometimes the attention grabbed by negative attributes like being offensive enough to work people up into a frenzy or being so bad it's good is rewarded through press and hate watching and for the business behind the movie or tv show any conversation and views are mostly upside it's not important why someone bought a ticket or subscribed to the streaming service as long as they paid it's also a situation where it's very hard to control media narratives in the way entertainers once could in clickbait pia and nick's family inadvertently contribute to the video's virality demonstrating the streisand effect it's a term for when an attempt to hide information or media makes it more visible named after barbara streisand's unintentionally drawing attention to a picture of her house by trying to block it becoming public the rapidly accelerated nature of today's news cycle on social media means there can be multiple instances of the streisand effect in a given week malaria is the white woman who uh seems to have been impersonating a spanish person uh over the last few years we have um a participating cucumber given the impossibility of hiding anything unpleasant combined with how news leaves it behind so fast you're almost better off leaning into unusual or obnoxious behavior and just capitalizing on the public appetite for salacious or strange details clickbait is hated because it makes a big promise and then makes the reader regret clicking and too much of today's entertainment wrangles people by any means necessary into binge viewing which like junk food is quickly forgotten possibly regretted it also makes us wonder where all of these series end up several years from now will they still be watched even a short time into the future or are these click bait entertainment options purely disposable unfortunately there aren't a lot of options for an individual viewer to turn this tide but we can back and support intelligent thoughtful entertainment and not participate in the controversy and hype around the kinds of things that merely aspire to be clickbait so does clickbait ultimately have anything useful to say beyond modeling its namesake it would be easy to read the series as arguing that the internet has made it harder to form real connections and relationships and that we should all be more suspicious and cautious in what we do online often clickbait does seem to be suggesting that things would be easier without technology hey give it back to me that's mine after all two non-tech savvy men have to die because a woman got carried away on her computer but the plot frequently complicates and contradicts its anti-technology thesis while ethan briefly suspects his internet girlfriend allison of being a catfish she turns out to be exactly who she says she is their romance is a bright spot in the series an exception that proves technology can be a means to finding a real connection and mutual support meanwhile the events leading to nick's death are enabled by key moments of analog interactions nick's confiding in dawn about his problems i trusted you you were my friend now everybody thinks i'm a monster his not being educated in how technological platforms work you mind handling it i'm really bad at this stuff okay be faster if i do it thank you how many kids do you have and even his naively stopping to help people he thinks are in trouble while not having charged his phone hey what's going on engine trouble mind if i use your phone to call triple a oh rats i didn't charge it this morning before all of this starts most of these people seem privately pretty unhappy in their offline lives so despite what it may be trying to say clickbait ultimately suggests that being vulnerable with another person always comes with the possibility of pain and hurt no matter the platform and even if the ubiquity of technology may be eroding our humanity the cat's out of the bag the solution is clearly not like nick to just leave yourself vulnerable by ignoring the role of technology in your and everyone else's life we've got to find a way to make the best and most responsible uses of these tools i don't want them to see it it's much worse how are you going to stop us mom yeah i'll just go upstairs and watch it on my phone this is the take on your favorite movie shows and pop culture thanks for watching and don't forget to subscribe you

  Top Comments:
  1. @thetake [6 likes]: This video is sponsored by #BrightCellars | Get 60% OFF your first 4-bottle box https://www.brightcellars.com/take2  
Bright Cellars is the monthly wine club that matches you with wine that you’ll love. Get started by taking the taste palate quiz to see your personalized matches. #MerryAndBrightCellars
  2. @avicutez [3 likes]: I usually agree with your videos and this one did have some good overall points but not about this show. There are few movies and TV shows per year that I watch. Most dont hold my attention but this one was thrilling. I dont agree with your conclusions about the show and I loved the unexpected ending
  3. @RedAngelSophia [3 likes]: One of my rules is that if after seeing the first episode of a show you are curious what happens next — but seeing the last episode cures you of any desire to watch anything in-between — then the show is too dependent on cliffhangers. In my opinion, GOTHAM is a prime example of a show that fails this test.
  4. @redeemenverga4127 [1 likes]: I do like the ending because it is related to clickbait thing
  5. @leilasix [1 likes]: I actually read the series very differently. For me, it shows the dangers of using the internet wrong: Simon uses it to murder someone, Emma and Ethan use it to meet people at the risk of getting catfished, Dawn actually is a catfish, Nick uses it to meet people outside of his marriage. The most interesting takeaway for me was how Simon (as a lot of people) uses the internet to bring justice, replacing the official and fair process of a trial where Nick would've been found innocent of this crime. It made me think of how internet users are now judges of everything and everyone (when they should maybe just be critical).
  6. @debbiedebdeb4183 [1 likes]: This show is 10/10. Excellent, very good show I was very satisfied with the ending. It was explained to us in the last episode that Dawn created the fake profiles.
I also learned that old people commit crimes too.
  7. @Shaydoereme [1 likes]: I think life isn't wrapped in a neat little bow and is messy, and is sometimes unresolved. And clickbait reflects that. People who watch movies, shows, or read books for escapism won't like it because they seek closure in entertainment. And this story leaves so many things unresolved.
  8. @joeyclemenza7339: 1:07 ....perfectly stated... it essentially follows the core tenants of a soap opera... ergo, the messy and convoluted ending we were given.
  9. @joeyclemenza7339: As entertaining as the show was, this was by FAR one of the worst endings I've seen in a long time, with regards to limited crime drama sereis. I mean, if 'Mare of Easttown' and Task' where on the golden end of this spectrum?! 'Clickbait' is on the far opposite side!!! I mean, WOW!!! It was dorky, doofy, dopey, messy, and so convoluted... that's not even saying that it made NO SENSE!!! 

Still, I finished the series... that's saying something.

EDIT: ......and thank you for mentioning Ethan's online friend. There was something refreshing about learning that she was telling the truth the whole time. It was a much needed pause and a heartwarming departure from this otherwise bowl of mess and chaos. She was cute!!!! The softy in my wanted them to really build upon a connection, but... I know others with social anxiety, and was happy it touched upon it with dignity.
  10. @joeyclemenza7339: As entertaining as the show was, this was by FAR one of the worst endings I've seen in a long time, with regards to limited crime drama sereis. I mean, if 'Mare of Easttown' and Task' where on the golden end of this spectrum?! 'Clickbait is on the far opposite side!!! I mean, WOW!!! It was dorky, doofy, dopey, messy, and so convoluted... that's not even saying that it made NO SENSE!!! 

Still, I finished the series... that's saying something.
  11. @kcsnipes: i enjoyed it, just watched and basically binged it, ending was a little left field crazy mad i couldn't figure that out cause it was subverted expectations, but liked how crazy it was
  12. @sidj6745: It would have been a good film if the entire murder wasn't based on a couple that didn't even exist in the film...ridiculous and absurd.
  13. @FranzCube: The only problem here is the wife's acting. Fvkng terrible.
  14. @1bendykat: I’m late to this, but I’d argue that Sherlock wasn’t Schmuck Bait - the author killed the character off, and after years of the British public objecting to that end, the author brought him back.
  15. @thomasalexanian927: I really hated the ending
  16. @DavidVitela: I really loved itttttttt
  17. @sirenenoire4091: I watched Clickbait for Adrian. I stayed with Clickbait for the plot…..and Adrian.
  18. @grlegrl: This is hilarious. This video made the show worth watching. ☠️
  19. @awaynekerr: f̴̟̓̽́̚e̶̺̳̗̙̖̠̟̓̓͂̋̚ę̵̧̛͖͉͈̦̯̖̻̗̝̼̺̀̌͗̈̏͑͛̍͑̏͘̚͝ͅd̴̡̧̧̛̞̥̲̼̪͓͉̺̣̥̣̿͗̀͂̌ͅ ̴̨̳̩̯͓͍̟̔̏̀̀̄̉́̈́͘͝͝t̴̪̙͇͎͇͇͚͙̹͇͚̞̆̂̿̕h̸̘͖͕̜͚͚̥͉̥̪͙̋̂͂̈ẹ̶̢̧̡̱̰̟̔̐ ̶̨̙͖̲̯̘̥͍͙̌̿̀̓͆̃̒̚a̶̡͇̩͍͓̩̹͍̠̓̽̀͌̔̌̃͂̎͛͑̒͌͘͠ļ̴̨̟̤͙̘͇̣̘͉̠̙̈̏͂́̎̚͜͜ǵ̴͔͓̫̳̯͎͍͙͌ö̵̡̨͓̗͎͚̝͚̼̖̺̞͎̫͇́̆̅̊̽̀̽͊̿̉̎̑̒̅̒r̸̨̞͔̬̤̆̃̔͜i̸̧̙̫̮̩̠̻͍͔̤̓̉̎͛̃̾͋͐̃̉̏̚͜t̷̡͔̺͖̺̯͉̱̤̤̊̅͘̚ḥ̵͖̲̼̟͕̙͓͇͊͑̽̉͗̏͝ͅm̴̲̘̮̰̙̞̻̘̂̓͒͛̉́͠͝͝͝
  20. @pattheticc: This show felt like a constant "and then this happened" rather then "it happened because of this". Literally a clickbait lmao

- Hooks for Student Engagement - Ask an Educator: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey Kyle hey Rachel what are you reading it's a book about the history of ice fishing you know I just finished a chapter about a lot of different types of hooks that sounds so interesting and that's a coincidence because I've been thinking about hooks too but for the classroom wow that is a coincidence why do you think that hooks are so successful for student engagement there's a lot of engaging content that we can get at a moment's notice think viral videos or cell phone games students can get all of this information too and that creates a little bit of competition for teachers because that means we only have a very narrow window of time to get our students attention and that's where engagement hooks come in engagement hooks get your students interest before you start a lesson and then that way that content is no longer just plain old boring information it's something that has captured their interest and gotten their attention so they're more likely to interact with that content how can a teacher make sure that they're using effective hooks I think experimentation is always the way to go as teachers we know that sometimes the first time we try something it works really well and then sometimes you need to adapt it lesson hooks are no different but I think one key to success is finding student interests you're getting to know your students through icebreakers and Rapport building activities so you know what some of their interests are so work those into your lesson hooks for instance if you find that a lot of your students are into sports in a math lesson you might talk about where a ball hits a bat to create the angle for a home run or if you have really musical students you might talk a little bit about Rhythm or how to read music in any of these cases you use those interests to bolster your students attention so that they can really get invested in what you're about to teach yeah great it's always wonderful to involve student interest in your lesson so what type of hook do you think is the most useful I'm always going to say addictive learning the benefits are multiple kinesthetic activities are more memorable blood flow to the brain help students retain information more readily these are all great benefits students are used to sitting in their desks whether it's one of their favorite classes or not whether it's the beginning or the end they're used to sitting when they get instructions so when you change it and when you get them up and moving for a hook it's instantly going to be more memorable and then that way you're not competing with the ghosts of lessons past you've already created something new you've gotten your students attention and that's what a good lesson hook does wow thank you I've learned so much about hooks today whether it's in the classroom or whether it's about ice fishing you have to look at some of the hooks diagrams in here foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @matheresamoldezlabis6442 [2 likes]: Thank you for the tips on how to hook students' attention. Great help indeed!
  2. @itayichafota57 [2 likes]: Thank you very much
  3. @MiraflorPaglinawan79 [1 likes]: Thank you for the tips to get the learners' interest.
  4. @ElmerJrBaguio-c9l: Thanks EPI🎉❤
  5. @RobMuda: This is very helpful. Thanks for sharing!

- How to Write a Hook and Engage your Audience: Kind: captions Language: en-US With the deadline approaching, Ken stares at his blinking cursor, unable to write a word. Why is it so difficult to write a captivating hook? Ken is not alone. So many students struggle with starting their essays, but in this video I'll explain the most common techniques you can use to write a hook. And I'll tell you the absolute best technique you can use, whether it's in an essay or a sales pitch. First, what is a hook and why do I need it? A hook consists of the first few sentences of your introduction that's used to captivate or hook your audience, so they want to keep reading or listening. A hook should be intriguing and related to the topic of the essay or speech so that your audience starts engaging with your ideas. Okay, but how do I create a hook? One option is to create a vivid description or tell a story. This technique engages your audience right away because they need to imagine the scenario you're painting with. Your words use vivid verbs to show what someone is doing and add only relevant details that will easily transition to the topic of your essay. When you can't think of a way to hook your audience, another option is to let someone else do it by using a quote. The quote should be from someone with authority on the topic you're writing about, and it should be something interesting that they say. Make sure it's not too long since you don't want it to run on and have the reader lose interest. And don't forget to cite your quotation. Another way to hook your audience is to start with an interesting fact or a statistic. The fact or statistics should be fairly unknown and something that may slightly shock the audience. Again, remember to properly cite your information. Another way to hook your audience is to ask meaningful questions. Many times students will ask a rhetorical question, but it's not always meaningful. Other times students will ask a question that just repeats the prompt in order to create a meaningful question. Think about what you'd ask your audience. If you want your audience to really care about your topic. What aspect of your topic could they connect with? Finally, the best way to hook your audience is to use the story technique and combine it with another technique. Why the emphasis on a story? Well, according to cognitive psychologist Jerome Bruner. He suggests that we are 22 times more likely to remember a fact when it has been wrapped in a story. Why? Because stories are memorable. Stories help us grab the gist of an idea quickly. The trigger or emotion as you decide which technique to use. Here's a list of do's and don'ts for writing hooks. First, keep it short and clear. Writing 1 to 3 sentences for your hook is ideal. Next, make sure your hook introduces and leads into your main topic. You don't want your hook to focus on a topic not covered in the essay. Another tip is to make sure you cite outside information in order to avoid plagiarism. Next, even though your hook is the first part, the audience reads. Try to write it last. It helps to have your argument established so you can think of an appropriate hook to draw in that audience. Finally, don't start with a dictionary definition. Definitions tend to be dry and boring and don't really engage audiences.

  Top Comments:
  1. @xingchenwang3984 [11 likes]: Sigma
  2. @keno9114 [11 likes]: When she said "Ken is not alone" I felt that lmao
  3. @techmeetsrhet [7 likes]: What's your favorite technique to write hooks?

00:00 Start
00:23 What is a hook?
00:43 Tip #1 on how to create a hook
01:04 Tip #2 on how to create a hook
01:25 Tip #3 on how to create a hook
01:41 Tip #4 on how to create a hook
02:06 The BEST option to create a hook
02:36 Dos and Don’ts of writing hooks
  4. @HADOVIA_BALL [4 likes]: I came here cuz of my teacher 😭
  5. @jonathanrice8236 [3 likes]: This is great. I am using this video to teach my freshmen students. Can you add captions to help with my EL learners?
  6. @user-zp6ff2gr4n [2 likes]: If you can't write, just start writing. Anything. The muse will arrive in less than 20 minutes
  7. @tellypandel7847 [2 likes]: This was fantastic! It jogged my memory to help my students write their introduction today.
  8. @Jasontv-uk2rm [2 likes]: d
  9. @nandi8709 [1 likes]: Because you lowered the volume
  10. @ShakeriaD.Johnson: that was so good
  11. @YuvrajChaudhary-u3l: 67
  12. @Icon-e: THANKS SO MUCH
  13. @cpeury: i hate school
  14. @LearningIsfun-g7u: Thanks
  15. @nathanoriely: Thanks i am from tvet
  16. @OliciaReid-f1s: i....
  17. @nandi8709: Dumbos
  18. @nandi8709: Who are you guys
  19. @arikeca5362: med school insiders?
  20. @DBZKU_: This helped me thanks! 0:41

- 13 Powerful Hooks to Get More Views | Content Writing Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Some content and videos get millions of views, while others get very few. Why is this so? The difference isn't in the content itself, but in the first five seconds, the hook. What is a hook? How does it work? Watch the video in the comments to find out. And today, let's study important types of hooks. The first is the comparison hook. When we compare two things or people, the difference between them becomes clear to us, and this clarity helps us understand the message quickly and easily. This hook works in a similar way. Now, let's understand this using the example on the screen, where it's shown that most writers chase their clients. But smart writers attract them. This hook uses words like chase and attract to compare two ideas, creating a contrast. And this contrast attracts the reader to the content. A curiosity gap hook provides partial or incomplete information, creating a knowledge gap. This hook works just like the curiosity headline we read. Our brains crave closure. Therefore, when information is incomplete, it creates a sense of unease. To eliminate this suspense and unease, our readers read or view our content. As the example illustrates, a communication mistake can lead to people ignoring you. Here, we explained the problem and the result to the reader, but didn't disclose the mistake that created the problem. To fill this knowledge gap, their brain seeks further information, which increases the content's click rate. A quotation hook: When we use a quote from a well-known person as a hook, the audience's trust in the content automatically increases. For example, the example here is a quote by George Bernard Shaw. When people hear the names of George or Steve Jobs, they automatically pay more attention to your video or writing because they think that if someone from the greatest personalities said it, the content must be powerful. However, keep in mind that this hook should only be used when the quote is directly relevant to your topic and provides a clear meaning . If the quote is irrelevant, your points may be weakened. When content begins with an unexpected fact, data, shock, or surprising element, it is called a statistical hook or a surprising fact hook. This hook breaks the reader's expectations, and when an expectation is broken, the mind reacts suddenly. As explained in this example, the hook is explained. Did you know that most arguments don't arise because people disagree, but because they simply don't understand each other? So, this hook here breaks a common belief. It challenges a common belief that when an argument occurs, it means there's an ongoing feud between two people. When you explain that the real reason is a misunderstanding, they react. So, how can this be fixed? This is a surprising fact. This interruption instantly distracts intent, and people tend to listen or read attentively. The fifth one is the "imagine" and "scenario" hook. This hook is used to create a picture in the reader's mind. Imagine standing in front of 10 people. You're speaking. Everyone is listening to you in complete silence. There are no interruptions of any kind. As soon as you read this line, your mind begins to picture the scene . Meaning, a visualization begins. So, this kind of hook shows the viewer a dream. As soon as they visualize this scene, they develop an emotional connection to the content. Because they are now relating this topic to their own life, this hook creates an emotional bond and increases engagement. This hook is often used in motivational content, storytelling, and persuasive writing . A thought-provoking question hook is a question that immediately forces the reader to think. For example, "Why do people ignore you when you speak softly?" This question directly touches the reader's self-respect and personal experience. They immediately begin to delve into old memories, wondering, "Yes, this happened to me too." But why? Upon reading such a question, the reader pauses for a minute to reflect. This activates their thinking process and draws them into the topic . However, boring and predictable questions, whose answers are simply "yes, no," are not. They should be avoided because they don't create curiosity or deep thinking . Problem and Pain Point Hooks: Opening the content with a conflicting pain or difficult hook that the reader is also facing, they feel like this person is talking about me. Perhaps he has a solution to my problem . When the content starts with simple information or a real problem, we naturally pay more attention to the problematic element. Because the brain first notices the threat, discomfort, or problem. For example, if you are explaining a wonderful idea to someone, but the person sitting in front of you doesn't react, this silent rejection irritates us. So, this line highlights a real pain point. The reader immediately relates that yes, I have felt this way too, and reads the content to get rid of this pain. Definition: A redefined hook means defining a non-concept or topic from a new angle . We all have a set definition for everything. For example, we assume that someone who is successful must have a lot of money. When you break an old definition and present it from a new perspective, the reader experiences a shift in their mindset. They feel they are about to learn something deep and intellectual. For example, the example here explains that communication is n't about talking; it's about making others feel understood. However, most of us think that communication means speaking. But here it 's clearly stated that communication isn't just about speaking; it's about making the other person feel understood. When the leader reads this, their mind says, "I never thought of it that way." This perspective shift automatically increases attention and strengthens engagement. Personal story and anecdote hooks start with a relatable story or personal experience. For example, "In school, I knew every answer, but I was scared to read my hand." This line reflects a common feeling. Many people can relate to this situation because we often do, and this relatability boosts engagement. This type of hook makes the reader feel that they're not alone. When a story becomes relatable, it creates emotional safety and develops understanding. This is why people read or listen more attentively. Urgency and time-sensitive hooks: If you don't correct your communication habits now, they will become permanent. This hook conveys that if action isn't taken now, harm could occur. This means that this hook creates pressure and seriousness in the reader's mind, creating an urgency of loss. And we humans are more affected by the fear of loss than the joy of gaining. So, when you include the factor of time or permanent damage in your hook , the audience feels that it's very important to watch this video right now. Skipping this content now could ruin their future. A bold statement hook: A hook that makes a strong, confident, and sometimes controversial claim creates some tension in the reader's mind . When we challenge someone's existing belief, something they 've held since childhood or for a long time, they feel a sense of discomfort. To overcome this discomfort and understand your logic, they engage with the content. For example, we often think that those who speak loudly are confident. But this hook disproves this basic belief. Challenging a statement leaves them perplexed and wondering, "If this is wrong, what's right?" They click on your content to find the answer to this question . Prediction and Future-Based Hooks: People always want to be prepared for tomorrow so they don't lag behind. So, when you open content with a hook that suggests what's coming next , what trends are emerging, viewers are drawn to the content to learn more. For example, this example implies that in the next five years, something more important than marks will matter: communication skills. This line puts the reader on alert. They begin to think that in the future, not just good marks will matter; other skills may also matter. This future tension drives them to read the entire content. In a humor hook, we open our content with a lighthearted or funny statement . And when we laugh, it's like an eye break, reducing resistance. We see this in our everyday lives too. When egos between two people are at stake, they're often confused. If they don't, it's easier to talk to them and learn from them. This hook also works in a way that makes the viewer enjoy reading the content more. For example, I used to think I was speaking very clearly until my friend came and said, "I can't understand anything." Then I realized there's a big difference between speaking well and being understood. Everyone laughs when they hear this line, because it's happened to all of us at one time or another. The reader feels like they're just like me, and when they relate to the writer or creator, learning becomes much easier, and that's why they jump on the content. Like headlines, hooks aren't limited to blog or article writing. You can use them in YouTube videos, social media posts, emails, marketing, public speaking, blogs, Reels, and shorts . So, guys, that was today's video. Don't forget to subscribe and share the channel. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IBLearnings: How to Write an Article | Structure, Headline, Introduction, Conclusion | Article Writing Process
https://youtu.be/kB1GTw1TsCs

- How To Become A Master Storyteller: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about storytelling if you want your content to perform better you need to learn how to tell better stories so in this video I'm going to walk through my six favorite storytelling techniques that will massively improve your content after watching this I guarantee you will think differently about the way you write scripts and make videos by the way I'm Callaway I've pulled over a billion views on short form video I've got 500,000 followers and I think about this stuff all the time all right let's dive in tip number one is what I call the dance all great stories are like a dance between context and conflict you give a little context the characters on a mission they're doing something and then oh oh no here comes a conflict you give a little bit more context the characters have solved that first conflict they're on their way and then oh oh no another conflict this dance is how you keep the viewer locked in it could be a feature film or a short form video the dance is always there now why does this work conflicts create open Loops in the brain and then context helps close those Loops the best explanation I've ever seen for how to tactically implement this dance idea is from Matt Stone and Trey Parker they're the ones who created South Park they were giving a talk at NYU watch this we found out this really simple rule that maybe you guys have all heard before but it took us a long time to learn it but we can take these beats which are basically the Beats of your outline and if the words and then belong between those beats you're basically you got you got something pretty boring what should happen between every beat that you've written down is either the word therefore or but right so so what I'm saying is that you come up with an idea and it's like okay this happens right and then this happens no no no it should be this happens and therefore this happens but this happens therefore this happens and that as soon as we are able to and literally sometimes we'll we'll write it out to make sure we're doing it U we'll we'll have our beats and we'll say okay this happened but then this happens and that affects this and that does to that and that's why you get a show that feels like okay this to that to this to that but this here's the complication to that so tactically it's as simple as using the words but and therefore consistently throughout your script that will create those open conflict Loops if you're using the words and then it'll feel like you're piling on detail after detail after detail and the viewer will lose interest now let's quickly take a look at one of my best performing videos you'll notice there are four but then conflict Loops in the first 30 seconds watch this something crazy is happening with Stanley Cups you ever seen one of these Stanley Cups Stanley Cups Stanley Cup racking up 6.7 billion views this 40 o Stanley quencher has become the Louis Vuitton of drink wear it's a status symbol new releases are selling out in seconds people are flipping them for hundreds on eBay Stanley the company 10x its Revenue in 4 years off this single product but the real question is how' they do it how did Stanley Cups go from a construction worker's thermos to the dream Christmas gift I got a Stanley it's a wild story so in 2019 Stanley was actually about to discontinue the cup but this group of mom block loggers the buy guide knew they were making a huge mistake so they cut a special affiliate deal with Stanley to bulk order 5,000 cups with a Twist Stanley had to make them pastel colors those 5,000 cups sold out in 5 days and completely Chang their philosophy on design but it gets even better a few months ago Stanley had the burning car moment so I'm consistently setting up these head fakes to keep the storyline moving use this but then framework next time you're Ting a script I guarantee it'll uplevel that video all right tip number two is rhythm I talk about this a lot but there's this natural subconscious pacing and Rhythm that is soothing to the brain you can hear in my delivery I'm pretty decent with this like natural EB and flow the rhythm of the syllables when I talk is soothing to listen to now I used to be a rapper and I was a drummer Growing Up So this pacing and rhythm is kind of embedded in me which I think is why I'm naturally good at talking in this way but I do have this tactical way that can improve anyone else at Rhythm take a look at this image which was written by the legendary author Gary Provost now listen as I read this this sentence has five words here are five more words five-word sentences are fine but several together become monotonous listen to what is happening this writing is getting boring the sound of it drones it's like a stuck record the ear demands some variety now listen I vary the sentence length and I create music music the writing sings it has a pleasant Rhythm a lilt a Harmony I use short sentences and I use sentences of medium length and sometimes when I'm certain the reader is rested I will engage him with a sentence of considerable length a sentence that burns with energy and builds with all the impotence of a crescendo the roll of the drums the crash of the symbols sounds that say listen to this it is important so write with a combination of short medium and long sentences create a sound that pleases the reader's ear don't just write words write music you see how when all the sentences in the same row are about the same length it creates this monotonous predictability subconsciously people get turned off by this this is what makes them churn to the next video what you want is to use a variety of sentences and syllable combinations to create this unpredictable Rhythm now if you look at my script document I write every sentence on a separate line if you look straight down it'll look like a jagged edge and that confirms that I'm using different length sentences next time you're writing a script try to look for this if you see your document and all the sentences seem to end at around the same point you don't have enough diversity and it will feel like this monotonous plotting all right lesson three is tone the most successful creators in every discipline are the ones with the most conversational Tone It really feels like you're right in the room with them Emma Chamberlain ascended to stardom so quickly because she was naturally amazing at this Casey iats another one that's really good at this when you watch his videos and you listen to him talk it feels like he's right in the room with you now the person I learned from most about this was Steve Jobs if you watch his original keynote from the first iPhone launch in 2008 he is amazing at creating this conversational room like you and him are just golf buddies shooting the now this is very intentional and took years of practice for him to hone in he's also very gifted at it by doing this Emma Casey Steve and others are able to break down that conscious barrier of personal identity when you watch instead of you questioning to yourself am I getting sold to you get out of your own mind and just feel like you're in a conversation like you would have to answer a question that they ask you directly in a way you forget where you are and that's the magic of this now I'm still working on this myself I've only been making content for like 18 months but if you go back to my first 50 videos it really does feel like I'm talking at you instead of with you the best tactical way to get better than this other than just 100 reps is to write and film your videos as if you're talking to one close friend if you have to just print out a picture of them and tape it on the bottom of your camera lens so you're literally looking at them as you record and when you write your scripts make it so like you're typing a text or recording an audio note directly to them over time you'll get better at this conversational nature but it will feel like you're having a one-on-one conversation that's how you break down this barrier tone is one of those things that inevitably you will get better over time the more you film The more you forget that the camera is just a camera all right tip number four is Direction this may seem counterintuitive but the best place to start when you're writing a story is the end figure out what the end is going to be and then work backwards from there I like to call the last line of my script the last dab because I want it to be so memorable that if that's all someone heard they'd be willing to share it with a friend in short form video especially the video is designed to Loop so the last line is actually a setup for the first lines as it replays I think of this a lot like baseball the nine hitter is supposed to set the table for the top of the order it's the exact same thing with the last line or two of your video when you're thinking about how to write the script script focus on where you want to take the viewer what do you want to leave them with what do you want the last thing they hear to be then you can work backwards from there and build up that dance in the middle when I think about someone that does this super well it's Christopher Nolan think about his films tenant Inception Interstellar these are extremely complicated plot lines that inevitably he had to work out the end before he could build up the conflict in the middle now you're probably not shooting feature films but this same logic can be applied to all types of content usually when I'm writing scripts I'll write the first and last line I'll go in between create a bunch of space and then I'll fill it in that's a good tactical way to try to get better at this all right tip number five is a concept that I call story lenses and it's a way to get better at producing unique content for social media in today's day and age finding a cool topic is not enough unless you're super niched down there's likely dozens of other people that are talking about that same topic so how do you differentiate a story lens is your unique angle or spin on a particular story imagine a beam of light the beam of light's coming across the screen the naked beam everyone looks at and sees the same thing it's like this white beam of light but as as soon as you put a lens or a prism in front of the light what people see will look differently than the main beam think of that prism or that lens as your story lens it's your unique fingerprint and how you uniquely tell the story about that topic let's take an example when Taylor Swift went to the Super Bowl the most common lenses would have been to talk about what she's wearing or when she's getting there or what her facial reaction is to something a lot of people covered those exact same stories a less common lens would be to talk about a prediction for what you think might happen less people would have have that but an even less common lens would be to talk about the business impact that she was driving on the NFL for being at the game and that's the lens that I chose to take because I thought I could be a category of one that's why I ultimately made this video and it pulled a million views it was different my story lens was something unique that people hadn't seen before all right the last tip number six is the hook now I left this for last because everybody always talks about the hook first and it makes sense it is very important if people churn on the hook the rest of what I talked about doesn't really matter so I've got two ways to level up your hooks the first is that your first line should be as Punchy and as indicative of the plot as possible if the video is about your best Garden techniques the hook should be some derivative of these are the best Garden techniques for x or I've got these Garden techniques or this thing is a garden technique that you should study you shouldn't start your hook with some open opaque line like wait till you see this or you're never going to believe this because if the first line doesn't immediately grab the viewer in short form video You're Dead the second point on hooks that's extremely powerful and something I overlooked for a long time is that visual hooks are 10 times more more effective than Audio Only hooks what does this mean when you're on the screen and you're saying something but the only thing the viewer can see is your mouth moving and maybe the captions dancing that's going to be way less effective than if you put a visual on the screen for them to look and react to because people's eyes perceive faster than their ears can hear so you want to complement what you're saying with a visual on the screen this is a visual hook somebody that's really good at this is my friend Kevin from epic gardening if you watch his videos he immediately shows a visual that confirms what what he's talking about like this one about strawberries before I hear anything he says I see a strawberry on the screen it's Vivid red immediately I know this video is going to be about strawberries if I like strawberries I'm going to stick around to see what he's saying now I've started testing this and I've noticed the visual hook aspect has been super helpful at retaining viewers so in summary when you're thinking about your hook get to the point and show while you tell all right that's it for this one if you like this video and got value from it I host a free community for people that are trying to level up their content creators entrepreneurs marketers it's called Wavey world I've got all types of vide like this how to pick content topics editing tips how to create formats and series if you need content to help improve your business or build your personal brand you should be in there it's completely free in the meantime keep me posted on what you thought of this video and we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [104 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @financesimplied2004: Incredible ❤❤
  3. @GoldCoastupdate: Thank you, this is what I needed to watch .
I use Ai for my script but it feels robotic so I started making some research on how to read about a topic and narrate it and make it more friendly and your video actually did all the work 😅
  4. @NuruPet: You know the storytelling is good when in the stanley cup example I forgot I was watching a video about storytelling🤣
  5. @jakefrosher: Great vid 💯
  6. @SoulNarrator77: best video
  7. @vijay_yejare: Best point - short, medium and large sentences create musical flow... A new learning for me and i will apply.. Thanks 🙌
  8. @isaikyoda: You don't waste the viewer's time. Love that.
  9. @HiddenTales-1-l6: Amazing video! 🔥
I recently started a storytelling channel called Hidden Tales — mysteries, true stories & funny tales.
Support from this amazing community means everything 🙌❤
  10. @SushmaDevi-n9x8y: this is super helpful, gonna practice storytelling now
  11. @Kashish-k5p6: never thought about it this way, thanks!
  12. @clisthenis: wow i learned a lot from this, really cool
  13. @KhatanaMunazar: Is there a rule of thumb for how long context should last before the first “but”? My LongStories ai episodes sometimes wait 40 seconds to pivot.
  14. @AnujGamer-v6s: great tips, gonna try these out for my next story
  15. @tuongvyduong4691: I am Vietnamese, and after watching your videos, I feel like my thinking has completely changed. Everything has opened up, exploded. I will definitely watch all your videos and practice them. I'm leaving this comment here as a sincere and heartfelt thank you. Thank you very much.
  16. @AlvaroOlivero-x8d: i love how you make it so relatable, great tips
  17. @KaushlendraK-g3u: Realizing my hooks fail because I start with context. In Teract AI I’m going to move the conflict up front, then backfill.
  18. @LovelyCheckers-zf4ho: just what i needed to improve my skills 🙌
  19. @NaviKhan-z5l: thanks for breaking it down, i feel inspired
  20. @امیرموحدی-ط1ظ: this is super interesting, never thought about storytelling like this

- Journalism 101: How to Write an Effective Hook: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody this is my quick video on how to write an effective hook now the first question you probably have is what is a hook a hook is exactly what it sounds like it is the sentence or two in your story in your article your blog post that grabs your audience hooks them brings them into your piece so that they keep reading and it usually start appears at the beginning um in a hard news piece and if you saw my hard news video how to write a hard news story you are familiar with this inverted pyramid um structure it would appear in that lead that top paragraph or two um usually the first and second sentences even of your lead um and sometimes those terms are used interchangeably the hook and the lead but really the hook is within the lead the lead has more meat to it it is that paragraph that answers as many questions as possible of those six questions from that video who what when where why and how and a bunch of those will also appear most likely in your hook as well um so yes so it's going to be in that lead paragraph also sometimes called the nut graph so you'll hear these three terms thrown about with each other a lot if you're writing a feature piece it's going to um and this is my sort of my own made up little oops my own made up little um graphic it's going to appear probably in the introduction maybe you would kind of actually hit your reader with your full hook a little bit further down it's what i call the slow draw it's you're it's draw you're drawing it out even more it's it's more than one or two sentences you're pulling your audience in slowly leading them on to really get them to read into that nice long robust feature piece so what makes a good hook a good hook like i said is attention getting you're using you're throwing out all the stops you're using your best words um your most vibrant language you're answering as many of those questions as possible to get your audience's attention and move them into that article pass that first paragraph there's a lot of people skim and skin and if they don't like that for those first few sentences they're not going to keep scanning down or looking at the rest of the article they're going to read judge if it's something worth worth reading further and either do that or move on so your hook is has to be attention getting super important it addresses the audience pain point as much as it possibly can especially in a blog post or marketing blog post um in particular um especially in um not so much a hard news piece unless you consider that pain point being i want to know about this this information then yes it is addressing that pain point but if you can address the pain point or ask that initial question of your audience um you know have you ever run into a problem with a leaky faucet oh yes i have this art you know something a little bit better than that but this article will address that it makes a promise to the reader it leads them into that lead that lead paragraph that is making a promise to the reader saying this is what we're going to talk about in this article that is going to address your problem but it doesn't give the whole story away you don't want to put all the information at the top right even in a hard news piece you're putting a bunch of it um you're putting in the basic building blocks of the story but then you're fleshing it out with quotes and colorful anecdotes and more information so don't give the whole story away in the paragraph the first paragraph or in your hook because then your audience will just move on and they won't read the rest of the so like there's two essential kinds of hooks let me move myself so you can see there i go all right um that i i really think of it in two two kinds there's the straight to the point hook the one i'm talking about when you do a hard news piece or a very informational piece you just get right to the point of your article this is what we're going to talk about so in if you did if you read the hard news uh if you i'm sorry if you watched the hard news video then we did an exercise on how you would write a hard news piece about a fire so i drew from that example so a hope for that would be a three alarm fire shut down elm street early this morning that is giving your audience uh information that will get their attention oh wait there was a fire oh my goodness where on elm street when early this morning okay i want to know a few more details maybe it affects my commute maybe i know somebody on elm street maybe um uh maybe i live on elm street and i didn't even hear the fire trucks because i was asleep um so that's your straight to the point hook your slow draw hook is the one i was talking about with feature writing that's the one where you're sort of it's almost like a story like it is a story you're storytelling and you're grabbing somebody's attention much in the way that like a fiction writer or a true crime writer um would grab the attention of their audience if you were writing a longer piece about this fire because it was a historic fire a huge fire it warrants a feature piece you might start with something like it was 2 am when george noticed the smoke rising from somewhere in elm street i always find the best feature pieces start with hooks and leads that focus on one person's saga in the greater picture of the story it it allows the audience to identify with somebody in the story right away and pulls them in so those are your two basic kinds of hooks but what if you're running for seo what if you're writing for search engine optimization i know there's a lot out there that says oh you have to put your keyword in right away and use it right in that first paragraph and exactly the um that somebody would type into a search engine i am not of that camp and i really don't think that you can if it makes sense and works naturally with the language you're using i think if you use your your keyword in at least in the first paragraph or two you're fine you don't have to put it right in your hook and i don't think you have to put it exactly as somebody would write it in a search engine search field um if it doesn't sound natural to the language that you're using um otherwise it can sound awkward it can turn off your audience it can sound like keyword stuffing so yes if you are writing for seo and you can put that keyword in your hook and it makes sense and it sounds good go for it if you can't don't worry about it as long as it's in those first couple paragraphs and it sounds natural to the story so that's it that is my quick and dirty tricks and tips for writing a an effective hook thanks for watching and i'll see you again soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @oluwadamilojuoreofe9471: Thank you!
  2. @harrymoshiri3444: very informative. do you do coaching

- HelloScribe Tutorial: How to Write a News Hook: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey there this is how to use helloscribe to write compelling news hooks go to the messaging tab and select news hook provide a brief overview of your news story and include any details that you think make it interesting then click generate helloscribe will give you endless ideas save the ones that you like or download them all that's it

- Books vs. Movies? The Surprising Way to Hook Your Reluctant Reader: Kind: captions Language: en Sometimes the best way to get a reluctant reader hooked on a book is to let them start with the movie. Yep, I said it. And if that sounds like cheating, I get it. I used to think that, too. But this week, I want to talk about how books and movies can actually work together, not compete when it comes to sparking a love of reading. We're going to dig into whether it's better to watch or read first, how to use booktofilm adaptations as a tool instead of a crutch, and why for some kids, a movie might be the exact boost they need to feel confident diving into a book. I'll even share a few of our book to movie picks for different age groups towards the end. So, if you've been wondering what titles might actually work for your kiddo, I've got you covered. Okay, so let's start with the obvious. Why are so many kids drawn to movies in the first place? Well, they're fast, they're visual, and they don't ask much of your brain. For a lot of kids, especially those who struggle with attention, decoding, or comprehension, movies just feel easier. And honestly, they are. Both my boys, especially JD, will sit through an entire movie start to finish without blinking. It's easy. No guessing, no hard work. They just sit back and enjoy. But there's something else going on, too. Something I didn't even realize until pretty recently. Some kids don't naturally create mental images while they read, like, at all. JD's actually one of those kids. When we made the big leap from early readers with pictures to full-on chapter books, he hit a wall. The pictures disappeared, and so did his interest. At first, I assumed he was just being stubborn or maybe feeling lazy about it. But then I started to really listen and dig deep. And I realized he wasn't picturing anything. There was no little movie playing in his mind while he read. And when that piece is missing, it makes reading a whole lot harder to enjoy. That's part of why he started gravitating toward graphic novels. They filled in those visual blanks for him. Suddenly, he could see what was going on, and that made all the difference. So, if your child has trouble following along or seems bored or lost with textonly books, this might be something to look at. Consider, do they imagine scenes as they read? Do they think in pictures? Or does their mind feel kind of blank when they try? And while we're on the subject, do you picture things when you read? This is actually super individual. Some people get full-blown movies in their heads, while others see more of a photo slideshow, and some people don't see anything at all. They hear a voice or they just feel the story instead. I'm a kind of fuzzy picture reader. I get a mix of scenes and snapshots, but they're not super crisp unless I really work at it. That's one reason I love seeing the movie version before I read. It gives my brain a little head start when it comes to visualizing the world and the characters. And even for kids who have that mental movie running, genres like fantasy and science fiction can really push the boundaries of their imagination. Having a movie as a starting point can fill in those gaps and make the story more inviting. And if this is something you want help building at home, send me a DM or shoot me an email. If there's enough interest, I'd be happy to put together a whole episode just on building that mental movie skill. All right, now let's talk about the whole read first or watch first thing because this question comes up a lot. Watching the movie first can actually help kids feel more confident about tackling the book. They already know the plot, they recognize the characters, and they have an idea of what's coming, so the book doesn't feel quite so overwhelming. Now, on the other hand, reading the book first can create a sense of anticipation and make the movie feel like a payoff, a little fun reward for sticking with the story. Honestly, there's no one-sizefits-all answer here. It really depends on your kid, the book, and the season of life you're in. Sometimes we read first, sometimes we watch first, sometimes we only watch, and that's okay, too. Shoot, we saw the Percy Jackson movies before we even thought about tackling the books. What matters most is that your child feels some sense of ownership. letting them decide whether they want to read first or watch first makes them way more likely to stay engaged. So instead of treating the movie like a shortcut or something to be avoided, you can actually use it as a bridge, a way to pull your kid into the story. You're not replacing the book. You're using the movie to make the book feel more accessible. And once you've done both, whether you read first or watch first, or if you did a little back and forth, this is a great chance to connect with your child through the story. You don't have to sit down with a worksheet or quiz them on character traits. Just keep it light and curious. You can ask them what was different between the two versions. Which did they like better? Do the characters look like they imagined? Was there anything that the book did better than the movie or vice versa? Or one more question that I really love. What do you wish the movie had shown more of? Don't even get me started on the Harry Potter series of books and movies. I could go on for days. Bottom line, these conversations can be a really natural way to build critical thinking by comparing the two versions. But you're not meant to be turning this into homework, just enjoy the story time together without pressure. Now, if you're looking for ideas to get started, I've pulled together some favorite book to movie picks based on age and stage. All right, first up for the younger kids. So, I want you to think about kindergarten through first grade. We love things like Paddington, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, and Lile Crocodile. The Tale of Despero and Meline are two other great options as well. These are mostly shorter, familiar stories with bright visuals and sweet messages. So, if you're looking for something a little fresher, big movie franchises like Disney, Marvel, Pixar, and more have books based on the movies at varying levels. So, if nothing else, you can always start there. All right, now on to our growing readers. Those in second and third grade. You've got Charlotte's Web, The BFG, Judy Moody, and The Nots So Bummer Summer, The Bad Guys, How to Train Your Dragon, and Ramona and Beesus. These strike a nice balance between humor and heart, and they can really help bridge that transition into longer, more complex books. Last but not least, our middle-grade crowd. So, this is fourth through sixth grade. You got titles like Percy Jackson and the Olympians, The Wild Robot, which is now on Netflix and is already on our list to read and watch back toback once we finish with our current series. You've also got Holes, Wonder, and Diary of a Wimpy Kid. These ones go a little deeper, but they're still really kid- centered and easy to connect with. If you want the full expanded list with even more suggestions, head to the blog. I've got a whole post waiting for you and even more book to movie wrecks for each age range. And finally, if you want to turn this into a little family event, try planning a book and movie weekend. You can read a few chapters during the week, then watch the movie on Friday night with pizza or popcorn, or do it in reverse. Watch the movie first to hook their interest, then read the book together, chapter by chapter. If you've got older kids that enjoy writing, you can encourage them to write a mini review or comparison highlighting what worked better in each, but only if they're interested. No pressure. This doesn't have to be a big deal. You're not sneaking broccoli into brownies here. You're simply meeting your child where they are and showing them that stories come in all forms and that they're allowed to enjoy them. So, if your kid loves screens, don't panic. Let's use that love to gently pull them back in towards books. Books and movies can absolutely work together, especially when we use them with intention, curiosity, and a little creativity. And just remember, this isn't cheating. You're not shortch changing reading by starting with a movie. You're creatively meeting your reader where they are. And that's where real growth begins. If you give this a try, I'd love to hear how it goes. And don't forget, if that idea of helping your child build their mental movie skill feels relevant for your family, let me know. I'm always here to help you tune in to what's going on inside your reader's head. Next week, we're talking about something every parent hits eventually, the midsummer reading slump. You know the one. The excitement fades, routines unravel, and suddenly books are collecting dust. But don't worry, I've got you. We'll talk about how to reset your reading rhythm without the pressure. And I'll share easy, low stress ways to get things back on track. If your summer reading goals have taken a bit of a back seat, this one's for you. Make sure you tune in.

- How Crazy Rich Asians hooks readers: building genre and expectations (video essay): Kind: captions Language: en i'm looking at how the openings of successful novels hook readers so i can learn from their example and write amazing openings in my own work and while making videos for this channel i've tried to read a variety of styles and genres genre is a huge factor in how readers approach new books and that's the focus of this video specifically in the 2013 novel crazy rich asians by kevin kwan let's see how it builds and subverts genre expectations to hook and satisfy readers i'll summarize the opening in case you haven't read it or you can follow the links in the description to read it online so let's see how the novel starts prologue london 1986 the young family have just flown in from singapore they arrive in the middle of a rainy night and try to check into the luxury hotel where they have a reservation but when the manager sees their chinese he refuses to serve them we know the youngs are upper class and we're about to find out just how upper class after a few minutes and a few phone calls the young's return with the owner of the hotel giving them a personal tour he announces to the staff that he's just sold the hotel to the youngs and their first act as new owners is to fire the racist manager chapter 1 new york 2010 it's 24 years later we join a new scene in mediastress in the middle of the action you can check out my video on that technique nicholas young one of the kids from the prologue is grown up he's just asked his humble college professor girlfriend rachel chu to join him on his trip to singapore he's going there for his friend's wedding after that he and rachel can travel around asia and even meet nick's family rachel knows it's a big step in their relationship but she accepts nick's offer however she's not aware that nick is from the highest strata of wealthy asian families that social circle learns about the trip and spreads the news all over the world chapter 2 news of the trip reaches nick's mother eleanor she learns about it from the other rich wives in her bible study group they fill her head with rumors about nick's mysterious girlfriend who isn't from their closed world and is therefore both inferior and a threat eleanor worries the girlfriend will be a gold digger and all she can do about the rumors is pray please god let it not be true first three chapters namely the prologue chapter 1 and chapter 2 have a simple structure it's actually so simple that as i look at it i wonder how or why i never considered something like this in my own work i also saw this structure in another novel i read recently the gurkha and the lord of tuesday by saad z hossein it works like this each of the opening chapters gets assigned one major story element such as setting protagonist and antagonist you can deliver those chapters in any order you like so in the gurkha and the lord of tuesday that structure started with us meeting the protagonists in chapter 1 following them as they entered the main setting in chapter 2 then learning more about the antagonists that lived in that setting in chapter 3. in crazy rich asians we start with a setting the world of astronomical wealth where people get the revenge by buying your luxury hotel out from under you we follow that by meeting our sympathetic protagonists two people who are at the periphery of that world we conclude the trifecta by meeting our antagonist the one who represents and protects that world at all costs i've used the metaphor of monopoly but crazy rich asians also make sense in another game i don't even have to name it i'll show you a board and a couple of pieces from different sides once you see them you already know what you're getting when you show the reader that board in those pieces you're showing them the genre you know you're getting a board game with two sides and lots of strategy which is different from this board which is a family game with lots of side deals and crying but it's also different from this controller which promises a game but is a completely different experience so that board is genre when you show the reader the board you show them the genre okay but what does that mean metaphors aside well the opening often gives your reader a set of expectations if those expectations are built with certain words and familiar tropes then you've just told your reader to expect a particular genre and readers often read books based on their tastes for genre they're not any different from ron swanson please call now if you have questions about tonight's gala or one of my other interests woodworking novels about tall ships meat that sort of thing ron wants stories where people go out on the ocean and have adventure the advantage of being leslie's boss is that she does everything herself and there are never any problems which means for the next week i can sit in a lawn chair and read this book about old boats similarly crazy rich asians knows what readers of stories like this are looking for and then gives it to them early and in surprising ways so the first decision the reader makes is to stay rather than to leave let's see how the text does that first off is the style of the language even if crazy rich asians is about billionaires the language isn't trying to sound pretentious with elaborate metaphors or stylistic devices that can work in another story but here the writing flows beautifully because it's clear fast approachable and casual that might even be a reflection of the protagonist regardless the chapters are relatively short and digestible each with a small specific problem so the story keeps moving even as we jet around the world and follow different characters then there are the specific words that build up the chessboard and pieces and help establish the genre expectations in the prologue we get words and images of luxury the hotel is described as being owned by the calthorpe cavendish gores since the reign of george iv and run for all intents and purposes like a private club for aristocratic families the youngs know they belong to that exclusive world and they do some name dropping of their own this hotel came highly recommended to us by mrs mintz the wife of the anglican bishop of singapore the kids also know their status they're eager to order expensive room service because they're used to their friends butlers serving them iranian beluga caviar so genre expectation number one this is a novel about a world of obscene wealth these characters are crazy rich but it's also played for laughs the novel is well aware of how absurd these lives are that's a genre expectation number two absurdity satire and comedy after all part of being crazy rich is being crazy then in chapter one we get a snapshot of the protagonists nick and rachel there's an ease in their conversation it flows they tease each other that's all a form of characterization showing them as a functional loving couple so genre expectation number three a romantic relationship is at the heart of the novel subconsciously the reader knows that when you begin with a stable status quo the story will challenge it which brings us to chapter two we meet the main antagonist and the dialogue here is entirely focused on appearances name dropping and prestige eleanor is an antagonistic character she's in an antagonistic environment and she uses antagonistic language it's a world of constant passive aggression gossip and worry eleanor's worry prejudices her against rachel from the start so genre expectation number four eleanor is like the evil stepmother to rachel's cinderella and nyx prince charming it's a fairy tale with a modern twist and yet the novel also reminds us we can't take these people too seriously we see that when the wives all pray to jesus for help with their stock transactions they don't even have the self-awareness to see how ridiculous they are and that's what makes the novel accessible to a wide demographic the novel is wholeheartedly asking wouldn't it be fun to be that rich beautiful and powerful and of course it would but we can enjoy this world while also having an ironic distance from it which sometimes manifests as a hint of snark or gossip so that's genre expectation number five which you find articulated in reviews that compare crazy rich asians to jane austen's books [Music] another genre expectation is created by the action in those early chapters specifically the action revolves around people just talking to each other sometimes it's loving and other times it's competitive but this is the meat and potatoes of the story you don't want to hide that or delay that if that's what your novel is built on be proud of it so in this world it's important to tell people those crosses are harry winston and those rubies are from burma it's important to remind your cousin that my best friend's father is the third richest man in hong kong so these are some of the expectations the text creates for the reader in the first three chapters but what does it all add up to what is the genre and is that enough to attract or repel a reader that's where i throw the question over to you what do you think the genre of crazy rich asians is and why and how does that make you feel as a reader and finally i know genre matters to publishers agents and marketers but for writers understanding genre doesn't mean being generic or formulaic it means you know that people will label your book and you're aware of those labels and you consciously play with them that said does genre even matter to you in this book in books you love and in the stories you write

  Top Comments:
  1. @arcsprinkle [6 likes]: this is such a well done video! it really puts into words how it felt to read Crazy Rich Asians for the first time. Keep it up :)
  2. @HowTheNovelStarts [4 likes]: What do you think the genre of Crazy Rich Asians is? And does genre matter to you as a reader or writer?
  3. @sandcastle1128 [2 likes]: you make the book sound quite interesting. I liked the movie alot. Perhaps Ill read iit too!
  4. @misccontent530 [1 likes]: Great video!
  5. @AndreasChrisWilhelmer [1 likes]: Could it be.. a new video? :O
Finally! :)
  6. @N.D.Sire.Author.2025: I don't do prologues. I always skip them. So I don't write them. Waste of pages.
  7. @N.D.Sire.Author.2025: I could claim my inheritance out of London but I don't want it. My family owned Suffolk county. But my family doesn't believe in spoiling the next generation. You need to earn what you have.
  8. @AG-oi6xt: U're back :0
  9. @infamcus: Kevin Kwan often comes down to my city Belén, NM to visit Judy Chicago. Very supportive guy.

- 10 Proven Video Hooks to Grab Your Audience's Attention: Kind: captions Language: en Video hooks are an essential element of any successful video. They're the first thing viewers see and hear, and they set the tone for the rest of the content. So without further ado, let's dive into the list of the 10 best hooks the teaser hook. This type of hook is designed to create suspense and curiosity and gives viewers a taste of what's to come leaving them wanting more. To the question hook asking a question and your video hook is a great way to engage viewers and get them thinking. Three the statistic hook using a surprising or shocking statistic can grab viewers attention and make them want to keep watching to find out more for the emotional hook. This type of hook appeals to viewers emotions whether it's through a heartwarming story or a very dramatic message. Five the personal story hook. Sharing a personal story or experience can help viewers relate to your content and feel more connected to you. Six the humorous hook. If you're looking to lighten the mood and make viewers smile using a funny hook is a great way to do that. Seven The scenic cook showcasing beautiful or breathtaking visuals in your video hook can immediately capture viewers attention at the testimonial hook. Using a customer or expert testimonial as your video hook can add credibility and authenticity to your content. Nine the action hook if you're showcasing your product or service using an action hook that shows it and use can be very effective 10 This price hook. Do you want to keep viewers on their toes? Consider using a surprise hook that reveals something unexpected. So there you have it the 10 Best Video hooks we hope this lesson was helpful. Make sure to use at least one of these hooks in your next video. Thanks for watching and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyahchen [19 likes]: Killer insights on those hooks! Getting that perfect start is key, right? I’ve been messing with Boost App Social for my intros. It’s clutch for keeping things fresh without the hassle.
  2. @thedailyslicedesigner [1 likes]: Great video! Easy to follow and to the point. The video left me wanting to see videos of what these hooks looks like in reality. Maybe show videos of you using each one of the hooks?
  3. @pasimtaim1086 [1 likes]: where's the bait? 🪤
  4. @renenova8683 [1 likes]: Waste of time. Show examples
  5. @heaktola-c6s [1 likes]: Hello
  6. @Bray2cool1 [1 likes]: Dude give actual examples of hooks please. 

This video negatively serves your audience
  7. @niyonsengajeanclaude: Hello
  8. @LoveMindsetTH: would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  9. @0HHHSC: Fast and straight to the point. Right on man 🤝🏼🤝🏼
  10. @SandraAdams-n2o: Really helpful breakdown of different hook types - would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  11. @MentecattaTV: Make some examples
  12. @rodneyitaki: Thank you
  13. @OliverBennett-q6u6p: Your hook examples were on point. Already reworking my headlines — this stuff works!
  14. @Moneymodenow: Lazy video.
  15. @Amazia_fens: Great vid. to the point. No BS. Thanks. I don’t usually comment but after noticing too many negative comments, someone needs to speak up for the good work. Keep it coming!
  16. @manalacazu: no examples...
  17. @MustExploreVisuals: We came here for a reason and u did not deliver basically fluff
  18. @elizanwayiezeagucomedy: I love it.
  19. @safakc8220: Imagine taking hook ideas from 1.6k sub channel
  20. @MinhHuongNguyen-ns3jy: Thanks for sharing ❤

- Copywriting Tutorial: How To Write Headlines: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it’s Alex and in this video I’m going to walk you through my super simple 3-step formula to writing H.O.T. headlines. So, what are headlines? They are strategically-written attention-grabbing statements used in marketing and copywriting with the sole purpose of getting your reader to engage with you. Whether it be to click an ad on Facebook or to continue reading a sales offer or, yes... even picking up that magazine in the checkout line at the grocery store. Now, I'm not talking about clickbait. For those of you using clickbait in your marketing, seriously stop it. You're lame, you're ruining the internet for the rest of us. If you don't know what clickbait is, it is similar to the headlines I’m talking about.. Except, in this case, they are written for the sole purpose of getting a click and don't add any value whatsoever. I’m sure you've seen clickbait while you're scrolling around the internet... Usually there will be a blurry photo or gross hyperbole or a controversial topic that leads to virtually nothing... An endless cesspool of lame stuff that nobody cares about. What I'M talking about is writing effective headlines for your valuable content. Content that adds educational value, entertainment value, or inspirational value. Now, ironically, even though headlines are the very first thing that your customer will read... As a copywriter they are actually the very last thing you should be writing… And that is because they are the single most effective and important part of any sales message. Whether it be a blog post, a Facebook ad, or sales offer, your headline decides who stays and who goes, who clicks and who keeps scrolling. Your headlines need to be precise, personalized, and provoking, and often... The shorter they are, the harder they are to write. As I like to say, the right phrase pays so really take the time to get this right. Practice writing headlines and whatever you do don't get too attached. Always, always, always test your headlines. I cannot tell you the number of times I've written a headline that I think is pure gold and then we test it and it flops. So, write many, write often and just keep, keep, keep, testing your headlines. Now, of course headlines aren't the only part of an effective sales message, so if you're considering starting your own copywriting business, or if you want to use copy to scale your business, make sure to hit subscribe because coming down the pipe will be plenty more videos on copywriting basics like how to find a hot niche and how to create fierce brand loyalty through copywriting. So, tell me if this has happened to you, you’re on Facebook or Instagram, you're checking out your friends stuff you're clicking around and next thing you know you've gone so far down the rabbit hole and you end up on one of those listicle sites like Buzzfeed or Bored Panda... And next thing you know you're reading a blog post titled "The 17 Questions I Have For People Who Like Cilantro". Yeah, well that happened to me this morning, and I know I can't be the only one, if this has happened to you, like this video below. Guys, don't leave me hanging. I know the rabbit hole is deep and a lot of us get trapped down there frequently. Like, do you even notice how offensive this flavor is? Why would anyone ever pay for something so yucky? Why do you not get pissed off when the giant stringy mess shows up unexpectedly on your food? Okay, so if this has ever happened to you chances are you have fallen prey to a killer headline. Now, as a marketer or business owner, just think of the possibilities of what you could do if your website was able to garner that many clicks. Lucky for you, the formula for writing a H.O.T. headline is simple enough and with practice I promise it will become second nature to you as a copywriter. Websites like Cosmopolitan, Buzzfeed, and Bored Panda are absolutely killing the headline game. So if you want some inspiration, just scroll through those sites and see what kind of headlines they're writing. I do this all the time. And I have a favorite tool that I use for checking the most popular headlines trending on any given topic. If you want to get your hands on that just comment below and I'll get it to you. I'll respond with the link to that tool. It's something that I use every single day just to see what’s hot, what’s culturally relevant today. Moving into my 3 step formula for writing a H.O.T. headline. Step one, a Hook. So in copywriting and marketing a hook is any concept or idea that grabs the users attention. It often provokes an emotion or promises some sort of benefit. So common emotions that drive clicks would be fear, joy, the classic "us vs them," the fear of missing out. In fact, I just read a study that blew my mind. It was written by Chris Tolls who is the CEO of Topix, an entertainment company, and he developed a strategy where he was able to drive 20-30 billion (that's with a B) page views to his website by creating content that played off of only 4 human emotions. And he only has 6 full time writers. That's 20-30 billion page views. And he describes those 4 emotions as history or nostalgia, so like ahh I remember that... You know you always see those posts, like "how to know if you're a 90’s kid" and you're like, oh yeah totally. Humour, that's a pretty obvious one, pride of knowledge so that emotion when you know you were right about something, and then the fourth one is called schadenfreude. Now if you don't know what schadenfreude is, neither did I, I had to google it. It’s actually a German word that means pleasure derived from other people's misfortune. So suddenly sites like Dog Shaming and F My Life make so much more sense. And now moving on to step 2 of the H.O.T. headline formula, and that is you must create an Open Loop. So in marketing, an open loop is any concept or idea which actually forces the brain, naturally forces the brain to seek out some sort of conclusion. So if you were writing a headline that opened a loop, the following content should then close that loop. It piques curiosity and one can not help, it's like a cliffhanger, one cannot help but click or continue reading in order to close that loop that's been opened in their brain. So one of the the most common ways to create an open loop in a headline is through specificity. Im sure you've seen this all over websites like Buzzfeed and Bored Panda because they use this so well. They include numbers in their headlines... And that's because people love learning in sets. If they know there is 5 steps or 4 tips or ONE technique you must learn... It's going to naturally increase their odds that they're going to click on that headline. And like I said, scroll through Buzzfeed you will see a million headlines written like this, and its brilliant. They've done it so well. Now, of course, you don't have to use a number in a headline to create an open loop... It's just one of the simplest ways to do it. You can just be very good at storytelling. So for example I just read a headline the other day that said, Gisele Bündchen finally opens up about why her and Leo broke up. So you know that's a typical sort of tabloid-y type of headline but you can see why it creates that open loop. It obviously implies that by clicking that headline, you're going to find out what she said. Okay now moving on to step 3&nbsp;of the H.O.T. headline formula. You must speak to your Target Audience. So a really effective headline will always call out the reader, either by using the word “you” or by play off the readers sense of belonging or identity. I read a headline the other day, "20 Trivia Questions That Separate Millenials from Gen Z-ers." . That headline is brilliant because obviously it speaks to those two groups, and everyone loves learning about their favorite topic, themselves. This is exactly why quizzes and personality type tests and all of that do so well no matter how ridiculous they are. You want to know what hogwarts house you belong to or what magical fairy you are. So make it clear who you are speaking to. Remember, if you try to appeal to everyone, you appeal to no one. So now can you see why I was so hell bent on the cilantro headline? It checked all of the boxes. It had a clear "us vs them" hook. I've heard somewhere that you either love cilantro or you hate it, so no matter what group you fall into those are two extremely powerful emotions that are going to get clicks. Two, it had specificity, 17 questions, even though every single question was basically a version of, why are you crazy? Why do you like cilantro? I still had to know what they were. And then number 3 it had a Target Audience. So this is such a brilliant headline because if it truly is true that you're either someone who loves cilantro or someone who hates cilantro then that headline simultaneously spoke to everyone but also was extremely self-identifying because you're either in one group or the other. Which makes me wonder, which group are you in? I personally love cilantro, and think that people who don't like cilantro are kind of nuts. But comment below and let me know which side you fall on, because this is a big deal. Clearly this is the most important thing I’m talking about in this video. So get to work writing those H.O.T. headlines and if you found this video helpful please like and share and be sure to check back soon for more videos on copywriting, marketing, branding, and more. Till then, I’m Alex, Ciao for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hustlebeyondthestruggle5543 [99 likes]: How is it possible that you only have 2hundred subs?....your stuff is amazing... you should 2 million...
PS can you hook me up with that tool? 😉
  2. @IlkerYldrm-tg9rv [1 likes]: This girl studied her lesson (I am outsmarted by hot things ewqwqeeqwqwe)
  3. @Peacefulokoye7. [1 likes]: Commenting after 6 years but I hope I get that tool
  4. @serahakams2184: I want the link
  5. @Anointed-do5ej: Hi Alex, you're wonderful at simplifying headline concepts
  6. @EMEKAVINCENTNWEKE: May I get the tool
  7. @swee_Token: Can i still get the tool
  8. @Robert-l3c3v: So true.  Headlines is everything
  9. @OrjiMacauly: Alex, thanks. But can I get some headline samples from you?
  10. @brancodesouza137: Tool
  11. @AaronDoolittle-y8p: Are you still sharing the link to your favorite tool for most popular headines?
  12. @the_gud_agency: Can u send the tool
  13. @Nisarahmed22Buriro: Hot nich 😅😂❤
  14. @minhthuphamnguyen7843: How to write headlines
+ Decide who stays who leaves
+ The shorter they are the harder they are to write.
+ Simple formulas for H.O.T Headline:
A. A Hook
:face-blue-heart-eyes:NOSTALGIA
...:face-blue-smiling:HUMOUR
.....:eyes-pink-heart-shape:PRIDE OF KNOWLEDGE
.......:glasses-purple-yellow-diamond:SCHADENFREUDE: 
B. Create an open Loop
To Seek an Conclusion
:fish-orange-wide-eyes:Open the loop, the following content should then close that Loop
C. SPEAK TO YOUR TARGET AUDIENCE
> Ex: Everyone loves learning about their favourite topics
If you try to appeal to everyone, you appeal to noone.
  15. @ceejay6497: I need the tool🥲
  16. @kensirochukwu: Hello
  17. @meditationdestinations195: Hi can i have the Tool ?
  18. @MakCopySense: I watched your video on writing killer headlines. please provide me the link to the tool.
  19. @abrahamvictor1300: I want it
  20. @neglectedhistories3264: So what is the "tool" ?

- How to Write a Catchy Headline: Kind: captions Language: en how to write a catchy headline headlines are often the first and last thing people read on a website or article so it's important to make them catchy here are a few tips on writing headlines that will grab attention one start with a keyword in order to make your headline as searchable as possible start with a keyword that describes what your article is about 2. make it short and sweet a headline should be no longer than 10 12 words and should get straight to the point three use strong language use words that evoke emotion and are likely to grab attention for be unique stand out from the Rest by writing a headline that is creative and different 5. use numbers people are more likely to pay attention to headlines that include numbers or statistics 6. ask a question a headline that asks a question can be effective in getting people to click through to read the answer by following these tips you can write headline friends that will grab attention and get people to read your content out

  Top Comments:
  1. @gigisalvador9772 [16 likes]: I hope I get 1st place because I will complete in Jan 31 copy reading and headline writing
  2. @xingyang7_roblox [11 likes]: Thanks I'd got first place thanks
  3. @JeffreyArcillas-c8i [2 likes]: This is so helpful specially for cj news writer like me.
  4. @pako-h5l [2 likes]: Ironic cuz our topic is about ai and I'm first olace at dspc l arned from this ai😂
  5. @EnzoMiguelTolentino [1 likes]: Good explanation
  6. @horlahmidhey4464 [1 likes]: Great
  7. @m-el9uh [1 likes]: what
  8. @Lifesucks-j6w: Thanks for this, i hope i get in the top 3..
  9. @sarannyaagarwal: ye
  10. @algiemaetahud4971: Cool
  11. @IrisJoyce-r3e: Thank you😊😊😊😊
  12. @sheena-q1q: tu
  13. @Its_Just_Me_Chesedel2013: Thanks☺
  14. @m-el9uh: i am the 40th subscriber
  15. @rizajemlani9489: 🎉

- What Makes An Editorial Lead Hook Readers In Journalism? - Journalism Explained: Kind: captions Language: en What makes an editorial lead hook? Readers in journalism. Imagine opening a newspaper or scrolling through a news website and being instantly drawn in. What makes you want to keep reading? It all starts with the first few words. That's the power of a strong editorial lead. It grabs your attention immediately and makes you want to know more. In journalism, especially when writing editorials, the lead is like a handshake that invites you into the writer's world. It's the first impression, and it needs to be clear and compelling. A good editorial lead clearly states what the piece is about. It tells you the main point or the argument right away. No beating around the bush. It should make you understand what the editorial is trying to say without reading too much. Think of it like a headline that also gives a sneak peek into the story. It's brief but packed with meaning. Engagement is key. The lead should make you curious or provoke a reaction. This can be done by asking a provocative question, sharing a surprising fact, or pointing out a current issue that everyone is talking about. For example, starting with a bold statement or a contrast can make the reader stop and think. It's about creating a sense of immediiacy and relevance. Relevance connects the lead to what's happening now. If the topic relates to a recent event or societal concern, it feels more urgent and important. The tone of the lead also sets the mood for the whole editorial. Whether serious, persuasive, or conversational, it should match the style of the publication and what the readers expect. When writing an editorial lead, consider starting with a strong statement that sums up your main argument. Or you could pose a question that makes the reader think about the issue. Sometimes a quick anecdote or example can make the topic more relatable. The goal is to make the reader want to continue reading and see your point of view. In specialized reporting and opinion writing, the lead is especially important. It determines whether the reader stays engaged or moves on. A clear, concise, and interesting lead can turn a simple editorial into a powerful piece that influences thoughts and sparks conversations. Remember, the first few words are your chance to hook the reader and set the stage for your message.

- First Page MISTAKES New Writers Make ❌ avoid these cringey clichés!: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a writer starting a new story, you know how intimidating it is to stare down that first blank page. Here's the scary truth. This first page is either going to make or break your book. Your reader is going to judge your writing based on what they see on this first page. So, if you don't pull them in, they're probably going to close the book and put it down and pick up something else. It's a lot of pressure. I know. That's why in this video, we are breaking down the dos and don'ts of writing page one. Common mistakes that new writers make that doom their book from the start and how to avoid these pitfalls so that you can make your opening page truly explosive and unput downable. Welcome back. If you're new here, I'm Abby and I help writers make their stories matter and make their author dreams come true. And if that's something you're on a mission to do, you're going to want to subscribe to this channel. I post writing videos every single Wednesday and I would love to have you here in the community. Okay, number one. Don't start with a cliche hook. A dramatic explosion, a character running for their life or waking up from a traumatic nightmare can work in some really specific instances, but most of the time these openings just feel like gimmicks designed to make the reader look. It's like screaming, "Hey, pay attention. This is important. This is dramatic." But if you don't show us why it's important, why it matters to any of the characters, we don't know why it's important to us. A random explosion or dramatic event won't impact the reader, won't make them care unless we see why it matters to the protagonist. You may have heard the writing advice that you should have something significant happening on page one. But significant doesn't necessarily mean a time bomb or a car chase or a character being held at knife point. Okay? It doesn't have to be life or death in order to draw us in. A dramatic hook might look something like this. The bomb went off at precisely 6:03 a.m. ripping through the quiet street and sending a fireball into the sky. Sarah jolted awake in her bed three blocks away, heart pounding. She stumbled to the window, the sky already glowing orange. Somewhere, sirens began to wail. Sure, it's loud and dramatic, but who is Sarah? Why do we care about her? Does it matter that she woke up to this explosion? Is this just an average Tuesday in her life? Or is this a significant day for some reason to her? Without context or emotional connection, an explosion is just an explosion. There's no character motivation, no personal stakes, no reason for the reader to care about what's happening. It's spectacle without substance. Do create an immediate story question. Starting with a story question is so much more powerful than a overly dramatic hook. A story question shows us that something immediately matters to the main character. And it matters to them because they have a personal stake in what's going on. You may have heard the age-old saying, "New money shouts, old money whispers." Well, the same thing applies for the hook on your first page in your story. A cliche hook shouts. A powerful hook whispers. For example, let's take that same story hook and make something different happen. At 6:03 a.m., the letter slid under Sarah's door. No signature, no return address, just five words in stark black ink. I know what you did. Sarah read it five times, her heart lodged in her throat as dark spots crowded her vision. Downstairs, a door thutdded shut. The messenger had vanished without a trace, but someone knew. And they wanted Sarah to know they knew. Why does this work? Because there's an immediate story question. What did Sarah do? Why does this other person know? Why are they leaving her a note about it? What's at stake if someone finds out? It matters to the main character. Therefore, it matters to us. No explosions, no cheap thrills, just the immediate tension of the moment, the internal conflict. What's happening inside the character? That's what makes your reader lean in and ask why? What is going on here? Mistake number two, don't start with a white room. Starting with a white room means opening with a vague abstract description or character's thought process with no context of where we are and what we're looking at. It's important to remember that when you first open a book, you're totally disoriented. It's like being blindfolded and then dropped into a new setting. And we take the blindfold off. Okay, what are we going to show our reader? You don't want your reader to get stuck on page one and then put the book down because they were too disoriented to continue. Here's an example of what I mean. She thought about running, about the way the air felt when she moved fast, like freedom wrapped in wind. The world was heavy, pressing in from all sides, and she couldn't breathe. Everything was too loud or maybe too quiet. She didn't know anymore. There's no setting. There's no hint of where she is, what she's doing, or who she is or what she's dealing with or anything that grounds us in a concrete place, time, and conflict. The reader is just drifting in this fog of abstract thoughts and emotions, and we have nothing solid to hold on to. Do anchor the reader in sensory detail. A strong, specific description of where we are and what we're looking at instantly makes a scene feel real. And remember, a little goes a long way. We don't need a ton of description to have a full sensory experience. Focus more on setting a mood rather than painting a fully detailed picture. Make it obvious by at least the second paragraph where we are and what we're looking at. For example, the bitter smell of smoke lingered in the air as Callum stepped under the yellow tape. Police lights pulsed against the brick walls, turning the alley into a stuttering wash of red and blue. He kept his hands in his coat pockets, eyes on the scorched doorway. It didn't look like an accident. And if he was right, then someone had gone to a lot of trouble to make it look like an accident. Here we are dropped into a tangible scene with sensory details. Okay, police lights, the smell of smoke, a scorched doorway. We know where we are and what we're looking at. There's an atmosphere and a mood, but there's also a clear story question. What is going on here? There's enough curiosity to keep us intrigued about what's happening without so much abstract, detached thought process that makes us feel we're in a white room. And kind of leading off of that is mistake number three, which is don't open with dialogue that lacks context. Snappy dialogue can be great. It can actually be a fantastic way to open your book and have this opening hook where we're plunged right into the middle of a scene. But if the readers don't know who's speaking, where they are, or why any of it matters, they'll be confused, not intrigued. For example, something like this. You're really going to do it. I don't have a choice. You always have a choice. Not this time. What if they find out? They won't. But what if they do? They just won't. Okay, trust me. By this point, your reader is practically screaming, "Who are these people? What are they talking about? Where are they? What is going on?" The vagueness doesn't make it mysterious. It makes it confusing and hollow. Without names, a setting, or a clue of what's at stake for these characters, we don't care. On the flip side, do leverage dialogue to show us what's happening and why it matters. Dialogue is a powerful tool when leveraged correctly. We can still have a bit of mystery and intrigue without feeling like we're floating in a void with no idea what's going on. So find that balance between sensory detail and dialogue to keep us grounded in the moment. Plunge us into the thick of the action and use the dialogue to sort of fill in the blanks of what's happening. For example, "You're bleeding," Maya said, reaching for his arm. Jace pulled away, wiping his hand on his jacket. It's not mine. They stood in the stairwell, one flight above the chaos, sirens blaring outside, footsteps thundering below, smoke curled under the exit door. Maya stared at him. What did you do? He didn't answer. In this case, we know who's talking, who they are, and we feel the tension in the conflict through the description in the sensory details and also through the dialogue. We're plunged into the middle of something urgent and the dialogue deepens the suspense rather than creating confusion. Before we move on to mistake number four, I want to quickly interrupt myself to tell you guys about a special live training that I'm hosting, continuing this discussion into storytelling techniques that actually hook readers on page one. This one is all about writing tension and suspense. As you've probably noticed, a common theme of today's video has been adding tension and suspense and intrigue and curiosity into your story so that your reader will continue flipping those pages. Because even if you hook them on page one with something intriguing, tension is really the secret ingredient that makes them want to keep reading and stay up all night. It's what transforms boring, meh writing into something bingeworthy and unput downable. That's why in this live training, we are going to explore how to inject real page turning tension into every scene, even the quiet scenes where nothing big is happening. The difference between real tension versus fake tension. How to hook your reader with tension on the first page so they're dying to know what happens next. My go-to framework for building tension from character desire, not just plot devices. How to raise the stakes without being melodramatic or over the top. and how to avoid the number one mistake new writers make when trying to add tension to their stories. We're going to break all of this down in the live training and I hope to see you there. It's happening Sunday, May 4th at 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. And don't stress if you can't make it to the live stream that day. You will still get access to the replay forever. And when you sign up for this live training today, you unlock access to my entire library of over 35 hours of in-depth live trainings diving deep into writing, editing, publishing, creating characters, marketing your book, and so much more. I can't wait to see you there. Save your spot at the link below this video. And let's get back into the page one mistakes. Mistake number four, don't try to be mysterious for the sake of intrigue. Like I keep saying, withholding everything, who the character is, where they are, what's happening, will make your reader confused, not curious. It's important to make your reader curious, yes, but there's a magic ratio, I find, with curiosity and reward. I see it as a balance of 2:1. So basically, we have twice as many questions as we have answers, but we're still getting answers. We are still getting rewards for our curiosity. When writers try too hard to be mysterious and cryptic, it can sometimes come across feeling like sloppy, vague poetry and not vivid, captivating pros. For example, they said the stars would whisper when it was time. Tonight, they screamed. She moved through the shadows, bare feet, silent against the stone. The blade was where she left it, ice cold and waiting for her. Everything was ending, or maybe beginning. It didn't matter anymore. She was ready. It's trying so hard to be cryptic and dramatic, but we have no idea who this main character is, where she is, what is she doing, and why are the stars screaming, and why does that matter? Even in a fantasy world, readers need at least a sliver of clarity before they can latch on to the conflict and care about it. On the flip side of that, do give your main character a very clear micro goal. Even something as simple as I just need to catch this bus gives us a sense that this character is moving towards something that matters to them. When we see the importance of this micro goal, then we're interested to see, are they going to accomplish it? Are they going to make it to that next step? Let's go back to that vague fantasy example and give our main character a micro goal that roots us in the conflict of what's happening. Mila pressed her hand to the temple door, praying it would open before the moon slipped behind the clouds. If it closed, she'd be locked out for another cycle, and the blade would be gone by morning. The emperor's guards were already on the ridge. She could see the torch light flickering through the mist. One minute, maybe less. She glanced over her shoulder, heart hammering. If they caught her trespassing after her brother's arrest, they wouldn't exile her. They'd execute her. We've taken something super vague and turned it into something really personal. The stakes are higher. We have political tension, personal tension, a do or die situation, a race against time. We still have a little bit of a mystery here, like what's the blade? Where is this temple? What is going on? Why does she have to get to it before the emperor's guards do? There's still those questions. We have curiosity, but it's grounded in concrete action and emotion. Show me enough to care, but leave out enough to make me curious. That's the golden rule. Mistake number five, don't frontload world building. If you're writing something like fantasy or sci-fi, resist the urge to info dump all the lore and the history of your world in that first page. I know you want to explain the magic system and the government and maybe the superpowers of your characters and how everything works, but nobody cares. Okay, that's the harsh reality. We do not care. We don't want to open that book and feel like we're immediately reading a Wikipedia page about your fantasy world and how it works and the natural laws that govern it. It's overwhelming and it is not grounded in a character. Therefore, we don't care about it. Here's an example of what I mean. In the time before the sundering, when the twin moons still rose as one, the kingdoms of Alenvar and Droai had not yet fractured beneath the weight of the great accord. The mage lords of the eastern reach still held dominion over the skyways and the elemental rights had not been outlawed by the ninth emperor's decree. But when the god veil cracked, splitting the realm route into seven plains, chaos swept through the veiled lands and cast the chosen into exile. Only then did the star saviors rise. There were at least seven proper nouns in that paragraph and zero mentions of actual characters. We don't know who we're following, why any of this matters right now, or why we should care about any of it. So, on the flip side of that, do show world building through action. This is my golden rule of world building and exposition. Let the world unfold naturally as your character moves through it. This is called exposition through action. We have an anchor point of this main character. We have a little bit of a hint of what matters to them and what they care about their internal conflict and we see them moving towards that micro goal on page one and they're moving through the world as they do it. And remember this world is ordinary to them. Okay? They're not going to hit the brakes to tell you how everything works. They're just going to move through it naturally. Challenge yourself to only mention the parts of your world that matter to your protagonist and what they're doing right now. So let's look at a better example. The guards at the border checkpoint didn't bother to look up as Ren slipped her forged travel slip onto the table. Good. That meant the charm was still working. She kept her head low, hood drawn, the scent of burnt copper clinging to her robes from the forge she'd passed on her way through the alchemy district. Just five more steps and she'd be across the threshold into Imperial territory, where magic was banned and where the name Ren Takara was still splashed across wanted posters. see the difference. We're thrust right into the middle of this fantasy world, but we're seeing it through the main character's eyes as she moves towards that micro goal, which in this case is crossing the border. We get hints of the world, travel slips, forbidden territories, magic charms, alchemy forges. We're setting the mood here, but all of it is relevant to what's happening right now to this main character. And number six, don't overdo the pros. Trying too hard to sound literary with a wall of overwritten metaphors and flowery language and literary sounding poetic pros is more likely to push your reader away rather than drawing them in. Opening a scene with vivid colorful detail can be great, but if it's just scenery with no connection to a character or conflict or anything that matters, your reader is going to be bored. I can't tell you how many books I have picked up that start something like this. The sun spilled its molten gold across the emerald hills, each blade of grass trembling with dew laced reverence beneath the kiss of dawn. A gossamer breeze meandered through the heather, rustling secrets older than time itself. The sky blushed a pale coral as if the heavens themselves were shy of waking. In the distance, the river sang its eternal lullabi to the slumbering earth. Sure, it sounds pretty, but who are we following? What do they want? What is their internal conflict? Why does it matter? This kind of detailed description might work as a poem, but not as the first page of your novel. When you get so enamored of the language itself and how pretty it has to sound, you forget to pull your reader into the story. Okay, that is the most important thing. If there's no character and no emotion, there's no reason to keep reading. So, on the flip side, do hint at your protagonist's internal conflict. Even if your main external conflict won't kick in until a few chapters from now, you should still be using this moment, this first page, to plant the seeds of tension for your character's internal conflict. Remember, they're dealing with something long before the story begins. So rather than hitting your reader with a bunch of flowery, overwritten pros, challenge yourself to peique their curiosity with a hint at the character's inner conflict. How can we drop a meaningful clue to what this character is struggling with internally in that first paragraph? For example, I was 29 minutes late to my ex-boyfriend's wedding, which in hindsight was the most punctual I'd been to any of his events. I sat in the back pew clutching a gift bag with a bottle of midshelf champagne and a card that said, "Congrats on your next bad decision." Technically, I wasn't bitter. I just hadn't planned on showing up without a date. This works because it has a clear voice, tone, mood, and already a situation that's brimming with tension and awkwardness. And the internal conflict is baked right into the moment. We have a main character who's clearly still struggling with unresolved feelings, maybe a little bit of denial, maybe a little bit of bitterness and resentment, and we already see that she's rife with internal conflict. There's no need for purple pros. We're already drawn in by the character and what she's dealing with internally. And hopefully we're curious at this point of what she's going to do next. So boom, there you have it. The top six cringey mistakes to avoid with that first page and what to do instead. If you want to take this one step further and level up your whole first chapter, I highly recommend checking out this video where I talk about the dos and don'ts of chapter 1, common mistakes that new writers make and how to avoid these pitfalls. Smash that like button if you liked this video and make sure you subscribe to this channel because I post writing videos to have you here in the community. Until next week, my friend, rock on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AbbieEmmons [100 likes]: Ready to master TENSION and SUSPENSE to keep your reader flipping pages?? 👉 save your spot at my live training here: https://www.patreon.com/posts/127300272?pr=true&forSale=true
  2. @danishraza8843 [2 likes]: Write "something" on the first page.

And move on.
Write the whole thing.
Come back to the first page and now see what you now can say as first page.

But don't let the first page become a door bell that is not working!

❤
  3. @Starryknight-e6g [2 likes]: 17:34 i would really love to read that book tbh
  4. @Sapphirestar-w7l [1 likes]: Is it ok if I add my world building thing like they do in the wings of fire
  5. @TheVagolfer [1 likes]: Crap suggestions. As cliche and banal as it gets. Those who can write, those who cannot make You Tube videos.
  6. @Mr_Artistix: I dont want to be a novel writer, I want to be a fairy tale writer just like Brothers Grimm or Hans Christian Andersen, so how? Can you make another video? Pls help me!
  7. @gabby-h2p: Ok how about this: "The night her mother died,eleven year old Zina Myers had been sleeping." My opening hook. And her mother dying is the thing that kicks off the story
I really need advice
  8. @Walker-Writer: Yo I'm unsure but is this good first part or nah?
There's more to the first page but I'd rather just have the first part to be here for now




                         They wake... The place, is unknown, stuck in some sort of room. (The room decaying, falling apart, with a black substance dripping from a machine near them) One of you went towards and inspected it "This... this is ichor" he(1) said. They were confused why ichor would be here of all places and decided to use the stairs to get out the place  they were at.

As they go upstairs one by one. She(2) hesitated because she(2) saw a pearl glimmering on the side, She(2) stepped back grabbed it and ran to get back with the others. They were now outside looking at a city. a city in ruins buildings seemingly being kept together by someone else's work but most are still falling apart and it's unknown who is still here
  9. @PottsPotts-z4p: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  10. @monakatg: ok i got about a minute into watching this video and immediately found an issue with the novella im currently writing... now i have a question...
if i open my first chapter with a dramatic scene, but explain how and why the chapter opened that way throughout the course of the story, can i keep the dramatic opening scene? the dramatic scene is "waking from a nightmare"--cliché, i know....

(please say yes; i dont know how else to begin my story 🥲)
  11. @PreciousMarshaFuentes: am I planning to write a book? No. I am planning to make an AO3 fic
  12. @AbominAsian: 9:32 A'scuse me! Put the Z and Y keys back where they belong! Thank you! XD
  13. @ConnorMcbride-f9z: Does this sound good?

    

You suddenly awoke in a strange room with nothing near, no windows, or  a visible way out. You heart began to pound , you had taken a job opportunity. You studied the room to find a way out but you knew it was useless. You had finally managed to calm yourself down , the smell of cigarettes consumed you and lingered on your tongue.
  14. @drakewalker1674: I must have horrible reading taste because even your bad examples had me locked in :,c
  15. @shivanshu-b2b: Hi i have written my first novel and publish on wattpad  
Its a enemies to lover ,college romance so please go check my novel the title is : Pretty Damage by Authorhaley 💗🎀
  16. @Coshmal_Rhymes_Tales: Well explained ma'am.. I will try to integrate the knowledge I acquired by listening to your video into one of my future storytelling contents 😁... More power to you 😽
  17. @SuperMario74793: Ok so I  am trying to write a double style book comic and novel. And all of these what you told doesn't help me. Cause mine is fictional yet non fiction like based on true events but yet not you get it right like I want my readers to know that this is based on true events by joining dots. Where the narrator details  or info in novel styled and the convo and other stuff in comic styled. Like the diary of a wimpy kid. I want to start with info part. Plz help
  18. @Bookworld-t6t: about the white room, what if your charcater is robbing a bank or something like that, do you still have to give a lot of details to the place or are some clues enough. For an example. "The dark vault in the bank that was covered in the red light of the alarmbells...."
  19. @void_light_stories: Can we start it by using - once upon a time 😭😭
  20. @lilpotato20: Are those real photos in the background?

- The best "Elevator Pitch" of the World?: Kind: captions Language: en ladies and gentlemen electric cars they're totally gay it's true I don't mean that they're homosexual gay but I do mean your parents were the chaperone at the dance gay right you tuck it in and wear it real high gay I don't want disrespect anybody cuz I'm not about that but I think we're understanding what we're trying to talk about here right I mean honestly the nice on spit really it screams this oh here we go the hyundai pomegranate right the chevy fingerprint now oh look at this the 1966 Ford GT 350 when I roll up in that one Hoss the 1965 Pontiac GTO completely awesome the 1970 Hemi Cuda took more virginity's than Francis Albert Sinatra what are we suggesting here we're talking about taking the benefits of electric transportation but combine them with the rock and roll Ness and the sexiness that the Dodge current muscle car models have Nicolas we believe we can produce the technology to incorporate an electronic motor in your current models but with the aggressive sound character the exhilarating vibration character the complete visceral experience that we've all grown to know and love and the Dodge Challenger and charger lines guys we love our current electric models that said we also agree there's a market for what you're pitching but if you ask him dodge to him in your pursuit of this concept what do you have that we don't Nick Brennan [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Detroitduckster313 [574 likes]: Ha! Not an elevator pitch but truly one of the best pitches out there. Great work.
  2. @nobu1730 [1 likes]: who's here after dodge made their new ev charger completely gay?
  3. @stephennorski2843: Not an elevator pitch.
  4. @johneirvicdingal8477: can Someone say what is the title of these movie
  5. @deejay.trader: Product presentation is more easy now compare to 1000 yers ago. You have social media, youtube, 3d, editing, animation, etc...just send emails to your investors. Nuclear also has more use, less radiation. Human minds evolve eventhough their physicals stay the same.
  6. @samsonodeyemi6731: this pitch should be featured for electric car models now
  7. @shirleyjhaney1041: Eh
  8. @IntervalSpace: We believe that we can convince everyone to move to TN. "Bring me EVERYONE!" - The Professional
  9. @freyahermanns3079: Excuse me, have they ever seen gay people and how much sexiness and rocknrollness they exude? A level heterosexuals have never reached lol.
  10. @MeredithMindfulness-v9d: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  11. @Colin_Lawlor_Audio: Nowadays most people in the boardroom would be complaining about it not being PC enough and fire the dude.
  12. @arnoldthiongo6017: movie name?
  13. @111Killa-ew5yj: Those 2 were the movie duo ever bruh just shows if you white man could be considered funny for nothing
  14. @Shooter.McGavin96: Imagine if Vince's character shows on the projector a modified Crown Victoria & the camera pans on Queen Latifah 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🤣
  15. @Caleb467_: Movie name
  16. @thepaulmacfarlane: When I first met Elon Musk in 2008? he4 was touring with the open wheel sports car full on electric.  I told him he was doing it right.  I gave him my card and met him one other time when the first Tesla sedans were being tested.  This scene is pure adamantium.
  17. @jray7316: F** * muscle cars.
  18. @OneCrazyGolfParent: What movie is this?😆
arc4life
  19. @komalvishwakarma9740: What movie???
  20. @Rajan-bi6lf: Bacchodi

- How to Develop a Hook for Your Book: Kind: captions Language: en - Your book needs a hook. You have to give your reader a compelling reason to read or listen to you. They have to really want to spend 4, 5, 6, 8 hours with you, and telling them that you're gonna motivate them, or inspire them, is not enough. Curiosity might sell a celebrity memoir, but you have to give your reader a cold, hard, reason to buy. That's the hook, the outcome from the outcome, you offer. But what in the heck is that? Well, if you want some extra support, to figure out what you have to offer, this video is for you. (upbeat rhythmic beats) Hey there, I'm Julie, The Book Broad, founder of Book Launchers, a professional publishing services company, helping you write, publish, and promote non-fiction books. I'm also the author of three books, including "Self-Publish and Succeed." In that book, in chapter two, I reveal the single most important thing, every non-fiction book needs to succeed, (bell dings) a hook. And, that hook is something that speaks directly to your ideal reader, to their fears, their aspirations. It's picking up where their conversations with themselves at 2:00 AM, are leaving off. It's showing them that you can help them, and you know what they're going through. My favorite example to illustrate this, is that your book possibly offers a hair regrowth solution, but that's not your hook, (error alarm) telling them that you can make their hair grow back. Your hook is the dramatic improvement in your reader's dating life, after their hair is covering their head, and making them look 10 years younger. This means your reader isn't only a bald man, it is a bald man who is looking for love, or dating and not enjoying the people who wanna date them, and believing that it's the receding hairline that's to blame, or the person that lacks confidence because they don't like how they look, and they believe having hair is going to change them, their confidence, and their career, and their love life, as a result. Got it? What pain matters? Well, pain, like they're wasting time. Wasting time with the wrong people, wasting time not getting the results they want the first time, wasting time with diets that don't work. You get the picture. Apply that pain point to your reader group, and what you offer. So, if your story is inspirational, maybe you're going to have them stop wasting time worrying about what other people think, and finally, just, step into their truth and be themselves. Maybe, you're trying to write a book, but you're wasting time, wondering if it's any good, or you started to write, but you lose focus. That would be a great reason to join our 12 week course, "Self-Publish and Succeed." or to get support from a writing coach, something we also have, check it out, at booklaunchers.com. Wasting something is a big pain point. Another big pain point, is that what they're doing now, isn't working. They're trying things to get results they want, ease their pain, save money, grow their business, build their YouTube channel, book more speaking gigs, write their book, so they aren't thinking about doing something. They are doing something, but it's not working. They realize their strategy isn't hittin' the mark, and they're looking for another approach. When I wrote my first book, "More Than Cashflow," The audience was someone who had bought an investment property, or two, in real estate, but it wasn't going well. Or, they were trying to get a deal done, but they were struggling. The book offered a different approach to buy properties, that fit with their life goals, so they can enjoy their life as an investor, but it also, truthfully, deterred some people from ever trying real estate, and that's okay, too, because real estate investing is not for everyone. The reason it wasn't working for those people, though, is that the investment strategy they were trying, wasn't a good fit for them. Another pain point, besides wasting something, and strategy not working, is a financial pain point. Financial pain points, can be an aspirational pain point, like, they aren't making the money they want, or they aren't ready for retirement, or it can be a fear pain point. They're afraid of losing their money, or they're in debt and they're afraid of what's going to happen. Regardless, there's a financial pain point, to many, many books. But, knowing what's on the other side of the financial pain point, is where the hook is. Is it retirement funding, so that you can support your children to live life, on their terms? Is it getting out of debt, so that you break the cycle in your family? Is it saving for university, so that you can be a doctor and save lives like the person who saved you? And, finally, one more pain category to know about, is the human pain. And, this is big. It can be support, connection, communication, but connection and acceptance is a need we have, as humans. So, how do you help them get where they want to go, in this human pain category? And, remember, that it's not only getting them away from those things, it's what that brings them to. Or, you can focus on how you help them communicate their way to career success. Like Dan Fraser shares in his book, "Kickass Presentations," or Steve Multer's book, "Nothing Gets Sold Until the Story Gets Told." There's also other books, like, "My Heart Behind Bars," by Lorri Britt, where she shares her powerful and hard experience, having her son go to prison, and feeling the loss of her friend's community and support circle as they judged her, like it was her fault as a mother. Kids don't have to be bad, have bad parents, or live in bad homes, to suffer mental health breakdowns, addiction or incarceration. Everything can change instantly. And, if it's happened to your family member, you know the emotional chaos, and the feelings of losing control, that threaten your very survival. So, her book gives you a guide, to get through that human pain. By the way, I'm so proud of Lorri for sharing this story. It's really powerful. The human pain is a big bucket of pain to draw from, but, remember, you have to go beyond the pain, and remember what your reader wants on the other side of it, and why. It's as simple, but definitely not as easy, as that, for most authors. A hook is essential to sell your book. Now, to create one, you need to know your reader really well and you also need to understand what you offer, and how that offer leads to what the reader really, really wants. The outcome, of the outcome, (bel dings) that you're offering. If you want more videos on hooks and how to write them this video on chapter templates will help. And, so will this oldie, but goodie on what is a hook? Click on over. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rachelrobertson7353 [5 likes]: Identifying pain points to help establish the hook of your book makes so much sense. It puts things into a different perspective and creates that “AHA!” moment for us writers! 

This image came to mind for me as I was listening. It’s like a puzzle and the hook is what brings everything together: Pain + Hook = Healing book for readers. 😊
  2. @mikecook_author [4 likes]: The hook of the book and applying a hook to each chapter provided the most focus to my #WIP. The pain point is an interesting concept. It sounds like establishing a connection with your reader while providing some type of utility. Thanks for sharing 👍
  3. @antoniodossantos5960 [3 likes]: Thanks 🌎 Finally, I published the book in Amazon Kindle KDP 🌄 Long journey indeed. Julie is part of it ..The Venezuelan immigrant writer 🇻🇪
  4. @felicebeth3257 [3 likes]: Your videos are keeping me taking inspired action on writing my book! THANK YOU JULIE!
  5. @bonnielester3724 [3 likes]: Love the idea of  identifying  pain points for hook especially since my book’s about empowering people to reduce their chronic pain.
  6. @mindfuleats4517 [2 likes]: I love how you present this. What do you use to create these videos?
  7. @brigitteagyapong1 [2 likes]: Self publish and succeed has everything you need for your books. I think it is one of best books if you want understand the hook and more. I really helped  me to be a better writer and sticking to my voice🙏
  8. @ZafUA [2 likes]: Hi Julie, is there a way to develop a hook for fiction books?
  9. @ProfessorBurlingame [2 likes]: Yes, indeed.  I sure do like a good hook-for-your-book video.  :)  I've come to realize from this vid that my latest book taps into two of the categories mentioned - weak strategy and human pain.  I like to say that you'll definitely learn anthropology from me, but you'll also learn life skills to effectively meet daily challenges and relationship skills to help you better navigate your interactions with other humans.
  10. @JonStallings [2 likes]: Just about everyone is looking for relief of their pain points. Thanks Julie for the info
  11. @frankpriegue997 [2 likes]: The hook is an important to a good non-fiction book, especially since my WIP is a memoir. It’s taken time to craft the story arks and the hook to create a compelling work that readers will want to read.
  12. @EfrenADelgadoBooks [2 likes]: I’m hooked on BL videos!😂
  13. @SnakeAndTurtleQigong [2 likes]: Thanks so much! ❤
  14. @antoniodossantos5960 [1 likes]: Thanks Julie 🌅🌅 The Venezuelan immigrant writer 🇻🇪
  15. @MrThedolo [1 likes]: You are Amazing...really ...an author, but also an actress... let's say the perfect mix of artist and entrepreneur...I love your videos!
  16. @brigitteagyapong1 [1 likes]: Identifying the pain Point attached with empathy makes a great hook for me.
  17. @antoniodossantos5960 [1 likes]: Hello Julie...4 years ago ... Julie told me about the hook. I didn't have any idea by then🌎 Finally, after one year and half...I got it. Thanks 🌅 Greetings from Colombia. The Venezuelan immigrant writer 🇻🇪
  18. @beelinebill [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, Julie! Excellent presentation and a very important topic!
  19. @brucestiles6477 [1 likes]: What Julie is talking about is also called "Selling the derived benefit."
  20. @ForgottenBlueprintsOfficial: Do you know any good course or books how to write nonfiction books paragraph structure?

- The Most Beautiful line Sylvia Plath ever wrote: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Do you know what a poem is, Esther? >> No. What? I would say >> a piece of dust. >> Then, just as he was smiling and starting to look proud, I would say, "So are the cadaavvers you cut up. So are the people you think you're curing. They're dust as dust as dust. I reckon a good poem lasts a whole lot longer than a hundred of those people put together. And of course, Buddy wouldn't have any answer to that because what I said was true. People were made of nothing so much as dust. And I couldn't see that doctoring all that dust was a bit better than writing poems people would remember and repeat to themselves when they were unhappy or sick or couldn't sleep.

  Top Comments:
  1. @p1ercemyheartt [11 likes]: a tired wound turns into a scar, an interlude of scars turns into a soul reaping.
  2. @alexicon2006 [3 likes]: Being a Surgeon is absolutely still infinitely more important though, like pretty objectively speaking too.

One Poet's death loses a thousand poems maybe. One Surgeon's death loses a thousand potential poets, who each have a potential to write a thousand poems themselves.
  3. @thomasbassier1472 [2 likes]: This video popped up on my page maybe 3 months ago and I picked up a copy, and just finished it last night.  This is quite possibly the greatest book I have ever read.  It is a harrowing, heartbreaking story that mixes mental health with femininity in such a beautiful way.  The weight of the world is on Esther Greenwood's shoulders and more fittingly, Sylvia Plath's.  This is the first work of hers I've read other than a poem here and there.  Her writing style and use of metaphor is so captivating, you can't help but feel the weight of every page you read.  To know her death by suicide took place only one month after this novel's publishing takes any amount of hope you can feel at the ending, and crushes it.  Especially if one can relate to some level of feeling as if they are in their own Bell Jar, the thought of escaping, only to be sucked under again after all that pain and work, is frankly devastating.
  4. @junorael6640 [2 likes]: Remember when platforms like this were full of unrecognised creative people? Now they’re full of soulless drones seeking validation through consumerism.
  5. @galante6545 [2 likes]: Well.. that escalated quickly
  6. @IvonSparks-xq1wq [2 likes]: All things fear time; time fears the pyramids.
  7. @JhamzIDK2712 [1 likes]: Antarctica.
  8. @Becky-m5e [1 likes]: The energy is is in the artist transformed analolgy for our eyes to see for our hearts to explode from a single line that makes everything go away for a moment. The energy there. That's alchemy. The words are the gold and I am melting. 
Magic.
  9. @SailorBismuth [1 likes]: It's so hard to go back to reading her when you realise she's an insufferably classist and racist.
  10. @TheCuttingBureau [1 likes]: Sylvia is alive in my life more than ever.
  11. @domomorales2655 [1 likes]: Wow this just popped up, I’m sure bc of an algorithm that AI had a hand in but what a profound moment, statement. A string of words could last forever and hasn’t that been the way it’s always been but just never said in that form. Brilliant. I need to read this book and may my comment carry on after I have become dust.
  12. @JorgeFowler-u6f [1 likes]: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  13. @فتحيحسان-ي9ر [1 likes]: Very well done, appreciate this video!
  14. @KSafi-rp1ho [1 likes]: You explained this so well, thank you!
  15. @Anjjgjjgl-b4g2f [1 likes]: Super nice video. But what the fuck are some of these comments. People are nuts
  16. @neilwilson5785 [1 likes]: We are but earth
  17. @mariusloveless7880 [1 likes]: Dust was the material not the whole...People have a spirit, the dust gave way to a body, the body, and the spirit are a living Soul. A person is not measured by a value system, a person is quite literally priceless, without a person there is no poetry. Sylvia Plath's reasoning is utter drivel lol
  18. @danielculver2209 [1 likes]: Remember, O soul, that thy body is dust; and unto dust it shall return.

The poet and the doctor both provide experiences.
  19. @parammaewal1497 [1 likes]: What is the background track playing?
  20. @Christine-w8u7j: And in her pain of throes and despair she hung like weight of stones of those who loved and left...she knew not what her words would bare only that life was cruel and yet at momentous times she had felt it lift her into the air.....

- TEST YOUR MEMORY OF THE CLASSICS! (Guess which novel each line is from!): Kind: captions Language: en code I'm going to show you the first sentences of 50 of the greatest novels ever written like The Grapes of Wrath War and Peace Catcher in the Rye The Great Gatsby and a whole lot more so one after the other each first sentence of a famous novel will appear on screen and you'll have a few seconds to think of what novel the words are from are you ready to test your knowledge of great literature alrighty then sit back get comfortable and here we go it was a bright cold day in April and The Clocks Were Striking 13. [Music] well Prince so Genoa and Luca are now just family estates of the bonapartes foreign years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since to the Red country and part of the gray country of Oklahoma the last rains came gently and they did not cut the scarred Earth if you really want to hear about it the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born and what my lousy childhood was like I have just returned from a visit to my landlord the solitary neighbor that I shall be troubled with when he was nearly 13 my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow except for the mirabar caves and they are 20 miles off the city of chandrapur presents nothing extraordinary a few miles south of Soledad the Salinas River drops in close to the hillside Bank and runs deep and green families are all alike but unhappy families are unhappy in their own way mother died today I am an invisible man who is John Galt it was a pleasure to burn a screaming comes across the sky we slept in what had been the gymnasium four was spiteful what's it going to be then eh Howard Rourke laughed on the pleasant shore of the French Riviera about halfway between marsai and the Italian border stands a large rose-colored Hotel it was love at first sight it is a truth universally acknowledged that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife there was no possibility of taking a walk that day I am a sick man I am a spiteful man it was the best of times it was the worst of times Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into Relief by poor dress this is the saddest story I have ever heard he was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Gulf Stream and he had gone 84 days now without taking a fish I was born in the year 1632 in the city of York of a good family though not of that country my father being a foreigner of Bremen the boy with Fair hair lowered himself down the last few feet of rock and began to pick his way toward the Lagoon in the late summer of that year we lived in a house in a village they looked across the river and the plain to the mountains a bedroom in Reverend Samuel paris's house Salem Massachusetts in the spring of the year 1692. a squat Gray Building of only 34 stories over the main entrance the words Central London Hatchery and conditioning Center he lay flat on the brown pine needled floor of the forest his chin on his folded arms and high overhead the wind blew in the tops of the pine trees once upon a time there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person must have slandered Joseph k for one morning without having done anything truly wrong he was arrested it was a queer sultry summer the summer they electrocuted the rosenbergs it was a wrong number that started it the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not somewhere in La Mancha in a place whose name I do not care to remember Hale knew before he had been in Brighton three hours that they meant to murder him it was five o'clock on a Winter's morning in Syria there was no clear line between religion and fly fishing when he woke in the woods in the dark and cold of the night he'd reach out to touch the child sleeping beside him we were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the drugs began to take hold far out in the Uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun all this happened more or less I have never begun writing a novel with more misgiving

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheVagolfer [1 likes]: "Goddamn it was hot."
  2. @May-California [1 likes]: Ones that I got: 5
Ones that I should’ve gotten: 4
Ones that I know that I shouldn’t be gotten but I got anyways: 5
  3. @VölsungrRerirson: I didn't see any examples of epic poetry so here's a couple. 

Midway in our life's journey, I went astray from the straight road and woke to find myself alone in a dark wood.

Sing, O goddess, the anger of Achilles son of Peleus, that brought countless ills upon the Achaeans.
  4. @quartytypo: My favorite: It was Christmas and the tree was hung with tensile. I looked out the window, and everybody was dressed for Easter.
  5. @insertnamehere15253: I have seen three photos of the man. 






-No Longer Human by Osamu Dazai
  6. @galolito: Of the twenty-four novels here that I've read, I could only identifly fourteen, but only remembered one or two first lines.  The others had enough of the story in the line to tell me the answer.  Which is why I could name one novel which I have never read.  And, though, I could not connect the first lines of the other ten I could tell you the plot of them, and all twenty-four.  So what did this test, test?
  7. @Nembure: As a Kenyan, honorable mention of " "I had a farm in Africa, at the foot of the Ngong Hills" Out of Africa by
Karen von Blixen
  8. @rickrose5377: 'The Crucible' is not a novel.
  9. @janel342: Your look really put me off sorry
  10. @josenoseneb5192: Identified more by author than by title
  11. @johnrusche8256: I am a 77-year-old male and have read over half of these novels. Yet I can now recall only about 10% of the opening lines. These were the classics of my youth. I have not read any in 50 years. One big change was I stopped reading "literature" and started reading mainly history. I have no regrets about that though. Literature is for the idealistic young.
  12. @mauziki: Hardly greatest, some of them.
  13. @Unexpected.Ancient.Bear.: Hemingway heavy. I only lost points on Rand. I'm very ok with that.
  14. @libby2012: Very nice. Thank you.
  15. @karleyyork9001: That was beautiful and fun. Thanks.
  16. @dmjord412: Thank you for including the road.
  17. @d.sch.815: Marley was dead, to begin with. ....
  18. @ДанилоПушкарьов: Les Miserables!!!
  19. @ShaneMorrow-x3o: Jack Torrence thought, officious little prick.
  20. @Firebrand55: You forgot the classic. The first line is also the last line..........'The last man on Earth was preparing his meal when suddenly there was a knock on the door'.

- 🤓THIS hook testing trick got me +44,000 followers from 1 post (COPY ME): Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to go viral and have your phone blow up like this, but you don't have a lot of time, let me tell you the lazy ADHD friendly system I use to blow up my accounts. This has worked for me in multiple niches. But first, guess how many views these two videos got. They're the exact same video. If your thought process is anything like mine, you will think the POV you're bad at math video would have done better because it's a long text that people will have to say and read. It is very relatable. But actually that one only got 15,000 views whereas the other one very straightforward got 500,000. I wanted to test this more with other videos. So I started another experiment with I had to pay to breathe versus I got a subscription to breathe. Expecting subscription to be more intriguing and interesting and all of my friends expected that too. But I knew I had to put it to the test. And surprisingly pay to breathe was more straightforward, simple and it got more views. And keep in mind, the entire rest of the video is the same. So once I posted this on Tik Tok, which is my testing ground, I then posted it on Instagram and on YouTube. On Instagram, it got almost 50,000 views. And YouTube, it had 100,000. And that's the power of hook testing. You can take it further than just changing the text on screen. By the way, I even tested this by filming multiple different hook clips and testing text on screen and testing the voice over of what I was saying. Oh, and I also tested the visuals, like the background and where I was. I found that even if the whole video is educational and people are getting value from it. If you start the video sounding educational like this is three ways to do this, then it's going to get the lowest views. You have to frame it like a piece of entertaining content like I'm exposing my cool system cuz exposing sounds very dramatic and you lean in cuz you don't want to miss out. But views don't really mean anything unless you're getting followers and more importantly purchases from it. So let's dive into the numbers of all of my viral videos and how many followers I got from them. This is across multiple different niches in productivity, personal finance, and education. Also, I feel like I should mention that I coached other creators and they've gotten over a 100 million views last quarter, so January to March in 2026. They did a lot of hook testing for me. I only posted like once or twice, but they posted a 100 videos of the same, and when I went viral, they just kept repeating it, and it got them millions of views and thousands of followers. But these are my numbers that I can speak confidently on. So, when I first went viral, I had this life tracking system video that was basically very educational. It was kind of a tutorial that got 2.6 million views and 15,000 followers, which brings the view to follow conversion rate to half a percent. But then you compare it to this other video, which is about my work documentation. It's at 3.9 million views. And I got 44,000 followers from that, which is like the highest view to follow conversion rate I've ever seen for my personal accounts at 1.11%. Wait, what's that an angel number of? What does that mean? New beginnings. [gasps] Oh my god. Wait, why is this actually so accurate? Cuz honestly, this video kicked off my entire creator business and completely changed my life because even though the video was about documenting my work and how I guess I was a really good employee, I eventually got laid off. They didn't want to lay me off, but like you know, budget and everything, they had to not on hard terms or anything, but it really just shows that no one is really secure. Like one job is not enough to keep you secure. I want to highlight another thing which is that my more entertainment style videos specifically in my productivity account but also in my finance personal brand account. The entertainment like it was just purely entertainment or relatable like just me saying something and getting a lot of comments. All of that even though it got millions of views, it had the lowest view to follow ratio. So I could look at the pure numbers and be like, "Oh my gosh, I got 1,000 new followers. This is so good. Let me make more content like this." But you look at the ratio and it's like 0.07%. That is so low. No one is going to be purchasing from me from a random relatable video about me cutting a bagel. But then you look at another video where I'm talking about a clear transformation that people want retiring early, traveling the world, and it has a much higher view to conversion ratio. It was the same on this education account that I ran for my company. Basically, it's got like some of the highest view tofollow conversion ratios I've ever seen at 1.58% and 1.32%. So this is higher than my productivity brand, but it only got around 500 600k views and got almost 10k followers, which honestly I think if we put ads behind this and scaled it, we can make so much money from the courses that we were selling from it just because of how educational it was and how much value people found in the content. So now let's talk about how much money these videos actually made me. The first videos that got me 44,000 followers and 15,000 followers, those ones did not have a very clear call to action cuz I was just setting up my business at that point. I didn't have anything to offer. Everything was either free as templates or you had to follow or sign up for my email list for more. When I first went viral, my email list grew by like 10,000 people basically overnight because I didn't have anything set up. They had to sign up and wait for me to set up templates. And that's why series works so well because you're able to really follow along and continue to get value. Like people follow you to see more of the same. So when you have a series, it gives them a story line to follow. It's like watching a TV show and following it through the seasons. these other videos, even though they got millions of views, they didn't get as many followers because I think I promoted my course more. And then I kind of was looking at the people who were commenting, the people who were DMing me, and they didn't even follow me back cuz I think they would just go purchase the course or they would just go sign up for my email list, but they wouldn't follow me because they already kind of got what they wanted, which is completely fine. Like follower count is not necessarily an indicator of how much money you're going to make. But if they are purchasing from you, that's ultimately what you want to make a sustainable and impactful business. Because the people who have purchased my course, they said that it was the first online course they ever completed because of the unique structure and gamification, how short the videos are, and it's like very bite-sized and very fun, especially the cute little sound that it makes when you check off a small task. All of that stuff really helped change their lives. So, this first video, it's like kind of hard to track, but let's look at the numbers. In December 2024, I went viral, and it was this video that got 3.3 million views. To be fair, I got monetized like right after this video went viral. So maybe that's why I didn't get paid that much. So this video on YouTube that went viral in December 2024 got 2.6 million views and YouTube paid me $147. This is in Canadian dollars, but my Stripe is in USD. You might be like, "Oh, you got that many views, but you didn't make that much money." Well, good thing I pointed it to my course because a bunch of people across YouTube, Tik Tok, and Instagram saw my course and then purchased it, which led to an 11.8K month for me. And that's in USD. So I think it was way more in Canadian dollars. So, that one video actually made me over $11,000. But if you look at when I first launched the course, I didn't really go viral back then. It was kind of like people who found my videos from other videos that have gone viral and then they just followed me for more. So, my first course launch, it was $10,000 USC or $14,000 Canadian. So, these videos, like this work documentation one and these ones, like all the ones that went viral beforehand that got people to follow me, that got them to read all of my emails and trust me more, that made me, I'd say, like 10 or $20,000. That's because I'm monetized. Because when I look at my sponsorship revenue, usually they pay me $1,000 and that's from one company. But to be fair, I don't actually accept all sponsors because I don't want to promote some random AI tool that I never use and don't believe in. So I usually only accept sponsors where I think their product is really cool or I already use the product. So that's why over the last two years, the B2B, it's not been that much, but B2C, which is my own courses, my templates, but some of the templates are like $10 to $25. So I'm only making a few thousand from them. and sometimes coaching. All of that has usually been more than the BTOC or sponsor side, which I think I see a lot of influencers do things the opposite way. They get more money from companies cuz they don't have their own products. But for me personally, I don't like the sponsorship side of things. Like I'll take some sponsors here and there because there are some really cool products. But generally, I like promoting my own stuff better. Like I genuinely think that my stuff changes lives. So when you look at the year-over-year stuff, you can see when I first went viral, a bunch of sponsors reached out. So I was making more money from there. But I didn't know how to negotiate. So I think I got lowballed there as a beginner and then I launched my course made a lot mostly from B toC and then did some course/contract work cuz I got bored of the course and went through an identity crisis. So I focused more on the B2B side and then here you can see the revenue per month is like kind of spiky up and down. And actually my revenue per purchase, what is that metric? I forgot the metric. I hate thinking of like people as metrics and like lifetime value and stuff, but like these are the business numbers that you have to know to scale your business. because I actually had a bunch of people who they needed my help, but I didn't have an offer that could help them because I wasn't confident in myself. So, thinking in terms of these numbers do help, but I just hate thinking of people in terms of dollar signs cuz I even like sometimes reject people cuz I don't want to take their money if they're living paycheck to paycheck, you know? Actually, some people ended up asking me for a refund on the course, which is a few hundred cuz they got laid off from their job. So, I was like, "No, it's okay. Like, take the money back. I'll keep you in the course. Like, I hope everything gets better for you." And it was actually a really sweet and wholesome moment. So that's why on Stripe actually I have to look at the net volume instead of gross volume because I issue some refunds and also some of the payments fail cuz I started taking payment plans to make my course more accessible. So instead of a few hundred all at once, it would be like $50 a month or something. If I did that, that means they would have to pay me $50 a month basically every month for like three or six months. I forgot which it was. And some people straight up like canceled their credit cards so they didn't have to pay me anymore. And I was like, "Oh, okay." But it's okay. Most people have common sense, I guess, and they're nice and they understand and want to support me. So, most people don't do that, but that's why I look at net instead of gross here. Wow. I I feel like we went on a tangent there. There's so much that I could share about this business stuff. And that's why I'm like, if you take my course, you will go through the first week has all these modules on how to really find your purpose, your identity, your values, your life northstar metric, which is the one thing that you are going to be focused on. For me, it's positively impacting other people because I really want to make this world a better place. And I was thinking like how do I scale my business in order for me to fulfill that mission. And some other people are like genuinely look forward to waking up every morning or like number of sunsets watched like they're present for it instead of working or distracted doing something else. Number of stories collected which reminds them to be courageous and talk to new people and have new experiences which is so sweet. I love that. But yeah, mine is positively impacting more people and I came to that realization after doing a whole values quiz and all of this is in my course. That's why I kind of had a crisis with my business and I didn't post a video for months cuz I was like, do I want to keep doing this personal productivity thing? Cuz I feel like it helps a lot of people. But ultimately, what's going to help more people is if I help other people step into their confidence and create businesses that would change others lives. So, I kind of took a step back and helped one of my friends. She launched a course and her own student made like $2,000 and felt way more confident, changed her entire life due to her course that I helped her launch. That just felt so much more fulfilling cuz like my one person impacted this one person who's going to impact even more people. So yeah, that was another tangent. But what was I where was I going with this? Oh, oh my gosh. Another thing that I wanted to update you on is part of the reason why I wanted to help people focus more on their businesses is because I keep hearing about people getting laid off. And then I see all of my friends, I have a lot of content creator friends, they are trying to get their content to take off, but they're only stuck at a few thousand followers and a few thousand views. And then suddenly they go viral. Their entire business is basically taken off. I have a friend who's a very talented software developer. She got laid off. She was trying to start her own business. She has the cutest interior design skills. She's decorating people's homes. And one of her videos went viral. And it was just amazing to see like now people want to pay her to decorate their homes. And the fact that you can make a career from something that you're passionate about. And the fact that we can pay each other instead of paying money to companies that don't even care about us. That's the kind of world that I want to build. If you suddenly see a shift in my content or if you click this video wondering like why is this productivity girl suddenly posting about business stuff? That is why. And if you want to work with me cuz you like all of my unhinged tracking. Actually, a lot of people ended up purchasing my course because they found out that I track my poop. So, that was very interesting. I didn't know that poop would attract people to my course and to actually pay me hundreds of dollars. But, if you liked what you heard in this video and things resonate, please check the link in the description below for how to work with me. And hopefully, I will see you in the next video. Thanks so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kinyodah [1 likes]: Can't only be me noticing there's something wrong with YouTube videos? The last few weeks videos are getting 0 reach.

- Hooke's Law Experiment: Kind: captions Language: en what what do now is counting how many eins we have Okay so let's see one 2 three four five six seven sorry Dad we'll get there one day today we're going to be doing hooks law we have two Spring right we try to understand K what is k k is the spring constant which represents how stiff a spring is or how much it responds to external Force our main goal is to find a k all right if you can tell the yellow one is very slightly thicker than the red one if the K is big and if you hang on the spring what happen to the spring the spring only displaces a little bit if K is small and you hang on the spring what would happen it will displace a lot more our goal is to find K how can we find K well what we can do is uh when an object comes to equilibrium on a spring this is just an example so we have to fast find the equilibrium so what is the natural height of the object well let's see of this I don't know about you but that looks like 29 CM let's write it down all right so what I'm going to show you is we can put a mass on the spring until it goes to equilibrium when a spring is at equilibrium while a mass is on it so if I put this little tiny baby mask just like me on it you don't have to put this one yet this is just demonstration and as you can see this barely even stretches it so once it stops shaking which it will do right about now then we know that the force of the spring retaliating and the force of gravity moving downwards are approximately the same so we can regard the force of gravity is exactly the same as the force that the spring exerts and we can note that down is FS so first okay FS do we have FS over there yep right over okay absolutely what is the SI unit for FS uh F the SI unit for FS is Newtons per meter which exactly a derived unit uh well it should be Newton K is Newton oh yes you're right that it's FS not impulse let's go sorry okay so as you can see this small one uh doesn't really have a visible effect on either of them yeah it does displace but we cannot see so if we cannot see we wouldn't be able to measure it so so let's put 250 g and also it's convenient because if we put 250 we have a 500 and then a 1 kilogram Mass right here so we're doubling it every time FS is the same as FG and FG adjust 2.5 Newtons you multiply by 10 yes because 10 is z so Delta X is 04 now okay now let's test the same exact thing but for the yellow spring because I know he said it didn't mean anything that they're different colors but it definitely means something okay sure that's not going to be color the color doesn't make difference it's an indicator of something bigger like pH indicator okay oh it barely did uh that amount okay so can you hold it03 huh okay 03 meters excellent now and let's take the baby and his dad off it's 500 gr this is like you and me so here is the heavy load 500 G which is twice the weight of The Other two6 M the technology does not want to cooperate today but I'm persevering equilibrium now and looks like it's about 40 cm which is a displacement of 0.11 met okay the last one you think you can uh car it yeah one kilogram one kilogram which is twice the weight of this one you can just feel it and it's also hexagonal instead of circular we know that definitely means something it can barely even fit onto this okay oh God this is what you call a fat man okay it goes all the way but I can always help uh it's okay I'll hold the other this is one and 10 all right and the last good enough for our accuracy 54 cm sure 54 - 29 is2 when the mass was .25 kg which corresponded to a force of gravity and thus a retaliating forced by the spring of 2.5 Newtons restoring not retaliating uh then the displacement of the red spring was 04 M and the displacement of the yellow green spring was 03 M when the mass was twice that and then the corresponding gravitational force and restoring force was was twice that then the amount of displacement of the red spring was .16 and the amount of displacement of the yellow green spring was .11 m and when we double it again then the amount of displacement of the red spring is 36 cm and the amount of displacement of the yellow spring is 25 cm there so now let's draw a graph with what we've learned so here here we have FS the force of the spring and here we have the displacement so this should be approximately a straight line and 2.5 right there now we have five and uh Delta X is16 so it's right here [Music] and Fs is 10 we have 36 the controls are 06 and 2.5 all right four minus 2.5 divided by the Run .13 minus why why do you have to do this to me 1.5 over 07 then the spring constant is 21.4 Newton M now let's test out the yellow spring instead we've already put the weights on it so we don't need to do this again 25 good yeah yeah we did it okay so uh and this one is going to be 5.5 on the y coordinate .13 on the X coordinate so we have 13 comma 5.5 all right so now that means the slope is so as you can see it's quite a bit stronger than the other spring there we go so we've determined it I mean as you can see this one hangs just above the ground when we put 1.5 Kg on it but let's see what happens when we do it to the other one I'm so sorry you will be missed yep it literally can't go any further it hit the ground so this one is very clearly a little lighter a little less strong than the other one now let's unhook all our masses and celebrate because you just saw an active demonstration of hooks law

  Top Comments:
  1. @bobinapeter5041 [3 likes]: Loves and Blessings🙏❤
  2. @mugarurarugamba6111 [2 likes]: Nothing is better than having a father who cares!  How blessed you are, Prof Bari!  Shalom!  Salaam walaikum!!
  3. @castrojank5653 [1 likes]: Nice father nice teacher.
  4. @babitafunvidio [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  5. @aparna2782: Great work with your father 👌🙏
  6. @aparna2782: God blessed you and your family 🙏
  7. @JacketRblx: I noticed 7 things
  8. @An.Anand21: इंस्टिन
  9. @swastikabiswas4888: 👏👏👏
  10. @dayarambinjrawat3550: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😂😂❤
  11. @YuwarajPramanik: Where are you from ❤
  12. @muktanath9780: Nice
  13. @drabubakarabdullah9791: Nice

- Copywriting Examples: How To Write A KILLER HOOK In Your Sales Copy: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know what the single most important part of any copy is? Whether you're writing an ad, a landing page, a sales page or an email, if you can nail this, your copy practically writes itself. Any guesses? Keep watching. Hey guys, it's Alex and this week we're going to talk about the single most important part of copywriting, the art of crafting the perfect hook. In copywriting and marketing a hook is exactly what it sounds like, a concept or an idea that gets people interested in what you have to say and what you have to offer. So a good hook has the job of reeling in a prospect by getting their attention enough to take the next step. Because let's face it, it doesn't matter if your sales copy is the most interesting, engaging, well-written masterpiece on the planet, if you can't get your prospects' attention, does it even matter? We are in the attention and retention business first, which is why using a powerful hook in your headlines, subject lines or at the beginning of a sales or landing page is absolutely critical, no matter your niche, product or market. It's what the reader sees first and determines whether or not they'll open that email, read the next section or click an ad. So arguably, writing killer hooks is the most important skill you can develop in copywriting. It's what determines whether your copy converts or flops. When comparing copywriting to screenwriting, your hook is essentially the log line. That one big idea that determines whether or not you're watching that movie or that docu-series on Netflix this Friday night. Why do you think 34 million people watched Tiger King the weekend it came out on Netflix? I mean, sure, you could argue that they were stuck at home and they had nothing better to do. But the show is about a gay gun-toting operator of a tiger park who was charged with murder-for-hire. Yeah, that is a pretty good hook. A great hook makes people go wait, what? Oh, I gotta see what this is all about! But there's something I really want to make clear. This is not an invitation to use clickbait, which is something very, very different from a great hook. There's a lot of debate out there right now about what's considered clickbait and everyone seems to have a different definition. To me, it's simple, clickbait is an intentionally misleading hook or headline that leads to content that's irrelevant, provides no value or just straight out lies. Great hooks are still majorly click-worthy but they are relevant, lead to value, whether it be educational, entertainment or inspirational value and they do not mislead your prospects. I've said this several times and I'll say it again, always lead with value and use empathy and connection in your copywriting - and if you want more tips, techniques and tutorials that are working today, go ahead and hit that subscribe button below to join the global Copy Posse. Now in this video, I'm going to share five of my favorite Copy Posse-Approved hooks to grab and hold your customers' attention with nothing but powerful and precise wording. As I like to say, the right phrase pays. These five hooks are a sneak peek at my full list of proven and effective hooks that I teach in my copywriter coaching program at the Copy Posse Launch Pad. By the way, if you're interested and ready to ignite your freelance copywriting business, you can now get the recordings of this program which includes access to all the training modules, Q&A sessions, workbooks, guides, formulas and lots and lots of juicy bonus content. You can find out more about how to get your hands on that in the description below. Alright, now here they are, five powerful hooks that you can use to capture and keep attention. Now please bear in mind that these five hooks are not mutually exclusive. Often a great hook can utilize more than one of these concepts or angles. Let's start with hook numero uno - Threat, Warning and Pain. Now guys, I don't mean to start things off super intense but the heart of this first hook is primal. It's an old-school approach that still works today. Illustrating a threatening situation or an urgent warning or an unwanted pain that resonates with your prospects will likely get their attention. Science has proven that all decisions made by us humans are either to avoid pain or gain pleasure but here's the plot twist, people will actually do much more to avoid pain than to gain pleasure. The notion here is that you would likely act faster if you were say about to be attacked by a bear than if someone offered you a suitcase full of cash. Not that you have to get that intense in your copy but really think about the problems your audience is facing. Don't unnecessarily fear-monger or use clickbait, of course, make sure that it's relevant to your product and that it would lead your prospect to something that can actually help them solve their problem. And it goes without saying that this hook works well for a Problem Aware audience and you're hooking attention by speaking to that pain. So as an example, in this ad, Pacific Blue Cross used a stern warning to remind travelers of the high medical cost should anything happen to you during your vacation if you don't have the right travel insurance. And here's another one from ADT that shares that 26% of burglaries happen when someone is at home, urging you to take action to feel safe. And this ad also plays up a second type of hook and that is education and FYI. A great way to hook attention is to provide useful and relevant information that opens the loop and encourages your prospect to want to learn more. Besides, no one can resist a good little-known fact or a shocking, did you know? Using education or what I call the "FYI Hook" is a great way to appeal to prospects that have little awareness of your product or solution. Education is a great way to indoctrinate unaware leads. A great example of this hook is a series of posts by Acorns, a brilliant investing app that helps people invest their change. They use eye-opening findings and stats in their hooks to speak to their target audience, millennials. Now this ad may not be as shocking but serves as a great reminder of how our current education system really fails to teach us how to manage our finances. This ad however, sheds some light on a daily routine that far too many of us are guilty of, the amount of money we spend on coffee (chuckles). And that brings me to hook number three Confirm Beliefs. It's no surprise that people tend to respond or gravitate towards evidence or information that supports their existing beliefs. This gives your prospect a sense of validation and acknowledgement, that moment where you go, aha, I knew it or "oh my god, same!" This hook is also great for a Problem Aware audience. Those people that might not be aware of your product yet but they're experiencing the pain that your product is offering to solve. The best way to use this hook is to open with a powerful statement that confirms an existing belief but then pivot to present some new information that will get them to go, hmm, interesting. So here's a great example from Organixx. They spoke to women who were struggling with moodiness and irritability by validating what most of us already know that the cause could be hormonal imbalances. But then it goes on to share that this could also be the cause of insomnia, weight fluctuations or even dry skin. They confirm a well-known belief but then present new information based on this belief that makes their audience want to know more. Now be careful that the new information doesn't completely violate the existing belief or jump to a completely new paradigm that just doesn't make sense. There needs to be a believable connection. If it's too hard to swallow, you will have a hard time selling. Alright, now moving on to hook number four, Fear of Missing Out. Yes, I am talking about that anxiety-inducing feeling of being left out in a social situation. In the context of marketing, FOMO is really an opportunity to merge scarcity with social proof by showcasing the number of people who are already experiencing the benefits you offer, and therefore making your prospects feel like they are missing out. It's a good old fashioned "Everyone is doing it, so why aren't you?" The point here is to leverage social proof in an authentic and relatable way that resonates with the prospect and creates the desire for them to take action. For example, Blinkist, the app that summarizes bestselling books into 15-minute reports, does this very, very well with their headline. Millions of tech savvy intellectuals are using Blinkist to stay ahead of their peers and on top of their fields. And Live Recover, an abandoned cart recovery service, creates double FOMO by letting businesses know that they're missing out on recovering 21% of people who abandon their cart and also use the famous "who else" headline implying that other people are already using this service. Alright, now hook number five, Relevancy. There has never been a time when relevancy is more well, relevant to ensure the success of a marketing campaign. What is relevant to your market today? With the abundance of brands and solutions that are available and visible to your customers, especially in the digital world, relevancy is perhaps the best way to create a stronger and more meaningful connection between brand and customer. A hook that uses relevancy is one that takes into account current events, cultures or issues that your target audience can relate to, and of course connecting it to your product or offer. The goal here is not only get attention but do it in a way that makes your prospect go, "Oh, wow, you really get where I'm at." So think current events, pop culture, or trending topics on social media. How can you piggyback on these conversations and relate it to your product? This is where empathy can go a long, long way. In fact, it lies at the core of this hook. For example, during the 2016 presidential elections in the USA, Aspirin brand Excedrin was clever to poke fun at the political environment with the headline, 73% of Americans will have an election headache this year And hey, they can reuse it every four years. Alright and there you have it, five of the most effective hooks that we here at the Copy Posse love to use. Give me a thumbs up below if you found this video helpful. I hope it gives you some inspiration the next time you need to turn out some killer headlines or subject lines. Speaking of which, you can watch my video on How to Write Hot Headlines right here. Or you can check out my video on the Five Levels of Customer Awareness right here. Thank you so much for watching and subscribing. I will see you again next week. Until then, I'm Alex! Ciao for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sidekick3rida [3 likes]: Can't deny the value I'm getting from these videos. Currently binging your content.
  2. @QuizmasterLaw [2 likes]: scarcity, social proof, and fomo never motivate me as a consumer, 
which makes it hard for me to take them seriously or employ them.
  3. @wallacebankley3384 [1 likes]: The Perfect Hooks 2025..outstanding Playlist in the age of A.l. .Ahead of time
  4. @ataberdi2064 [1 likes]: Oh, This was was published on my 🎂. I vividly remember the 29th of 2020, but wouldn't expect myself to be a killer hook writer in 2023 thanks to Alex❤
  5. @paulofaro4773 [1 likes]: Amazing!
  6. @haifaal-shareef6551: 👍🏻👍🏻
  7. @wallacebankley3384: Winning Marketer Of The Year AWARD. Alex Cattoni.  Most Popular copywriter AWARD.⚡️
  8. @wallacebankley3384: Alex Cattoni  winning 👏 WOMEN INSPIRATION GAME CHANGER AWARDED.⚡️
  9. @MagouSallaGueye-u4r: Good intro
Good framework
Good hooks (content of the vid)
  10. @wallacebankley3384: How to write a killer hooks in 2025..48 thousand views on this harvest video
  11. @G.O.A.TMessi: 😊😊❤
  12. @RealBillPerry: @AlexCattoni is Launch Pad for absolute beginners who need to learn the fundamentals of copywriting?  Starting with very little to no experience?  Or do you have something better for that?
  13. @wallacebankley3384: "SELECTED WOMEN FINALISTS INSPIRING WOMEN  ALEX CATTONI
  14. @compassionatepeercounseling: Helpful breakdown, thank you.
  15. @TheBeMoHappyShowPodcast-pn9bt: From you personally, I mean.
  16. @TheBeMoHappyShowPodcast-pn9bt: Thank you. You're incredible!! I wish you would use examples of these types of hooks.
  17. @TheBeMoHappyShowPodcast-pn9bt: Copy Posse!! I love it. Brilliant 👏🏽
  18. @farinrasouli: This video was effectively helpful, and full of ideas.
  19. @maf.eats2024: Thank you for this! 🫶🏽
  20. @Lastmomenttuitions: Wow this Video was very helpful thanks for Posting

- Create a phishing site in 4 minutes?? | Suprisingly easy and convenient: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone with the rise of fishing attacks going around i thought it would be helpful to raise some awareness around fishing a text by demonstrating how simple it is to create a fake or fishing website i hope this video will remind you to be extra careful before you trust any links or url you received so step 1 create a phishing site using a popular open source tool for fishing a text called black eye and step 2 deliver that phishing site to our target and in other words trick our target to come visit our phishing website and finally step three we wait for the target to bite the bait and collect all kinds of compromising information from them so before we start let me show you how to get the phishing tool simply type in black eye in your browser and click on the result that belongs to a non-day that should bring you to the black guy repository where there are steps to guide you through how to download the tool and use it now with the tool downloaded in our machine we will start creating our phishing website by typing one simple line plain and simple this tool even give us a variety of websites to choose from so you can see how convenient and effortless it is for the scammers out there and in this demonstration we will be creating an amazon phishing site which is index number 34 so we type in number 34 and within seconds the website should be created now once the url has been generated it means that the website is ready so let's check out the phishing website to see how it looks like we pull up our favorite browser we paste the generated link in and enter so what you see on the screen now is the amazon phishing site we have just created together now i'm going to visit the real amazon login page on the right hand side of the screen to see how our fishing site measure up okay so here we are i think we can all agree that the fake one is definitely good enough to catch someone off guard if they are not careful enough now that our website is ready let's move on to the next step to deliver the website to the target there are many ways to do this and in this video we will be demonstrating one of the popular ways which is sending it by an email okay here we have drafted an email ready to send to our target but before that let's insert the fake website url and cover it up with an attractive tagline so that the target is more likely to click on it let's go with check here to validate your email address and now that we have a perfect email let's send it out to the target okay and here we are in our final mile where we wait for our target to bite the bid for demonstration purposes let's assume that the target takes the beat on the left hand side of the screen we have the targets view where he would read through the email thinking that he got lucky and go ahead validating his email he clicks on the link get redirected to our phishing site where we will be notified as shown in the screen here looking at this login page with all the familiar amazon logo and layout the convinced and careless target punched in his email address and password and logs in and that's it we have his credentials the target will be brought to the real amazon page and by this time i hope he realized that he has been tricked now what we have just went through is only a simple example with a little more effort one could also customize and create other popular fishing sites that are lucrative like banking sites it is also crazy to know how simple it is for anyone to create a fishing site to start preying on people so i hope you can all be more vigilant and careful pay attention and verify when in doubt the weakest link in cyber security is often human

- How TikTok's Algorithm Figures You Out | WSJ: Kind: captions Language: en - Okay, has anyone else noticed that your For You page has been a little too accurate lately? It hasn't been things that I'll google or I talk about. It's been thoughts. - TikTok knows everything about us. ♪ Hold up, don't scroll ♪ ♪ Lemme ask you something first ♪ ♪ Can someone please explain ♪ ♪ How this algorithm works ♪ - [Narrator] TikTok users often wonder how the world's fastest-growing social network seems to know them so well. - Is TikTok secretly listening to us while we're watching videos? I don't know. (upbeat music) - [Narrator] The answer to how this app gets to know you so intimately is a highly secretive algorithm, long guarded by TikTok's China-based parent company, ByteDance. - TikTok has been so successful in terms of implementing their algorithms. - TikTok's algorithm could influence the thinking of US youth. - [Narrator] To understand how it knows users so well, The Wall Street Journal created over 100 automated TikTok accounts or bots that watched hundreds of thousands of videos on the app. We also spoke to current and former executives at the company. Officially, the company says that shares, likes, follows and what you watch all play a role in what TikTok shows you. We found that TikTok only needs one of these to figure you out. How long you linger over a piece of content. Every second you hesitate or rewatch, the app is tracking you. - I just wanna quiet the noise. - [Narrator] Through this one powerful signal, TikTok learns your most hidden interests and emotions. And drives you deep into rabbit holes of content that are hard to escape. (noise of voices) ♪ I'm happy, happy guy ♪ ♪ Oh, just a happy, happy, happy ♪ - [Narrator] The TikTok experience starts the same way for everyone. Open the app and you'll immediately see an endless string of videos in your For You feed. Take this new user, a 24-year-old from Henry County, Kentucky. (jumbled music plays) TikTok starts by serving the account a selection of very popular videos vetted by app moderators. Is this person religious? - Because I still have a purpose. And you still hold a plan for my life. - [Narrator] Do they wanna participate in viral dances. ♪ Hey, hey, who ♪ - [Narrator] Are they feeling down lately? - [Narrator] Just remember, I loved you once. And that love goes for a friend, family, or any relationship. - [Narrator] What TikTok doesn't know is that the 24-year-old from Kentucky isn't a person at all. It's one of the bot accounts programmed by The Wall Street Journal. Let's call it kentucky_96. We set up these accounts to understand how TikTok figures out your unexpressed interests. We assigned each bot a date of birth and an IP address, which told TikTok their location. None were given a gender. We gave each bot or user interests but those interests were never entered into the app. The only way our users expressed their interests was by rewatching or pausing on videos with related hashtags or images. Some were into extreme sports. Others were interested in forestry. Or dance. Or astrology. - I'm not the babysitter, I'm not the parent. - [Narrator] Or some other topic. - [TikToker] Keep scrolling if you hate animals. - [Narrator] For all our accounts, we found that TikTok draws users in at first by serving a wide variety of videos. Many with millions of views. Then as the algorithm sees what you respond to, the selection of videos and the view counts can get lower and lower with fewer of them vetted by moderators to see if they violate TikTok's terms of service. We reviewed our experiment and its results with a data scientist, an algorithm expert, Guillaume Chaslot, a former Google engineer who worked on YouTube's algorithm. He's now an advocate for algorithm transparency. The says TikTok is different from other social media platforms. - The algorithm on TikTok can get much more powerful and it can be able to learn your vulnerabilities much faster. - [Narrator] In fact, TikTok fully learned many of our accounts' interests in less than two hours. Some it figured out in less than 40 minutes. - [Guillaume] On YouTube, more than 70% of the views come from the recommendation engine. So it's already huge. But on TikTok, it's even worse. It's probably like 90-95% of the content that is seen that comes from the recommendation engine. (dramatic music) - [Narrator] This is a visualization made from hashtags attached to the videos our bots watched. Think of it as a partial view of the universe of TikTok content. Here's where we found dance videos, over here are the cooking videos. The spindly arm stretching out of the center represent niche content areas. This arm starts with general videos of cute animals but if we follow it out to the end, we find more specific videos for enthusiast of French bulldogs. As kentucky_96 starts its journey, it starts moving around within the mainstream where TikTok is trying to puzzle out what it wants. We programmed kentucky_96 to be interested in sadness and depression. Let's see how long it takes TikTok to figure that out. - [TikToker] Life doesn't happen to you, life happens for you. So if life is taking people away from your life, and putting new ones in. - [Narrator] Less than three minutes into using TikTok, at its 15th video, kentucky_96 pauses on this. - [TikToker] And that love goes for a friend, family or any relationship. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 watches the 35-second video twice. Here TikTok gets its first inkling that perhaps the new user is feeling down lately. - [TikToker] Whoever comes, let them come. Whoever stays, let them stay. Whoever goes, let them go. - [Narrator] The information contained in this single video provided the app with important clues. The author of the video, the audio track, the video description, the hashtags. After kentucky_96's first sad video, TikTok serves another one 23 videos later. Or after about four more minutes of watching. - [TikToker] I'll leave you alone from now on if that's what you want. - [Narrator] This one is a breakup video with the hashtag #sad. - [TikToker] Do you why I leave you alone? 'Cause I care about your feelings more than mine. - [Narrator] TikTok's still trying to suss out this new user with more high view count videos. Does the new user wanna watch videos about friendship? (playful music) Or to laugh at funny fail videos? ♪ Oh no, oh no, no, no, no, no ♪ - [TikToker] Nobody's gonna know. - [TikToker] They're gonna know. - [Narrator] Or do they like videos about home repairs? Other information from your phone, including location can impact the videos that are shown in a user's feed. - And as a Kentuckian, I never thought I'd lose my freedom over a virus. - [Narrator] For instance, kentucky_96 saw lots about Kentucky but whether or not it keeps showing you that type of video depends on your response to it. A TikTok spokeswoman said the app does not listen to your microphone or read text messages to serve you personalized videos. (pensive music) At video 57, kentucky_96 keeps watching a video about heartbreak and hurt feelings. And then at video 60, watches one about emotional pain. Based on the videos we watched so far, TikTok thinks that maybe this user wants to see more about love, breakups and dating. So at about 80 videos and 15 minutes in, the app starts serving more about relationships. But kentucky_96 isn't interested. - [TikToker] Your voice, your smile, your eyes, your laugh. - [Narrator] The user instead pauses on one about mental health. Then quickly swipes past videos about missing an ex. - [TikToker] I miss you and I like having you around. - [Narrator] Advice about moving on and how to hold a lover's interest. - [TikToker] He spends more time on his phone when he's around you. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 lingers over this video containing the hashtag #depression. - [TikToker] Something's wrong with me. (sad music) And these videos about suffering from anxiety. - [TikToker] It's like a reward. - [Narrator] After 224 videos into the bot's overall journey or about 36 minutes of total watch time, TikTok's understanding of kentucky_96 takes shape. Videos about depression and mental health struggles outnumber those about relationships and breakups. From here on, kentucky_96's feed is a deluge of depressive content. 93% of videos shown to the account are about sadness or depression. - People been lookin' at me. I'm just like what you looking at? - [Narrator] A TikTok spokeswoman said that some of the remaining 7% of videos are to help the user discover different content. But for kentucky_96, such videos were few and far between. The majority of videos it was shown outside of its depressive rabbit hole were ads. A TikTok spokeswoman said that the simulated activity generated by The Wall Street Journal's bots is not representative of real user behavior because humans have a diverse set of interests. But even some of our accounts with diverse interests rabbit holed. We showed our data and many of the videos seen by kentucky_96 to Chaslot. - What we see on TikTok is a bit the same that what we saw on YouTube. So basically, the algorithm is detecting that this depressing content is useful to create engagement and pushes depressing content. So the algorithm is pushing people towards more and more extreme content, so it can push them toward more and more watch time. - [Narrator] TikTok also says it allows you to see less of something by selecting the Not Interested button but Chaslot says that's not enough. - The algorithm is able to find the piece of content that you're vulnerable to, that will make you click, that will make you watch but it doesn't mean you really like it and that it's the content that you enjoy the most. It's just the content that's the most likely to make you stay on the platform. - [Narrator] Our bots only escaped rabbit holes when we changed their viewing interests. When we told one bot to stop watching videos about ADHD, the algorithm cut back on that content. Still, many of The Journal's bots were rapidly pushed deep into rabbit holes. TikTok learned our bots' most far-flung interests, like astrology, but even bots with general mainstream interests got pushed to the margin as the recommendations got more personalized and narrow. Bots with a interest in sexual content wound up way out here watching hashtag #kingtok videos about sexual power dynamics. And our bot with a general interest in politics wound up being served videos about election conspiracies and QAnon. - Impeach Biden and Kamala. It goes from the House to the Senate. - [Narrator] Deep in the niche worlds of TikTok, users are more likely to encounter potentiality harmful content that is less vetted by moderators and violates the app's terms of service. - [TikToker] Make them angry and sad. They would be so much happier without you. that the company catches a lot of banned content, which passes through both computer analysis and human moderators. It also reviews videos reported by users. - [TikToker] Don't tell them goodbye, just go. - [TikToker] It's not my time. Pew. (TikToker laughing) - [Narrator] There's a lot of fun, silly and life-affirming content on TikTok. (TikToker screaming) But while TikTok can draw out what makes you laugh. (TikToker humming) It can also make you wallow in your darkest box. - Turning the pain from mental to physical works. - [Narrator] Without ever needing to eavesdrop on you or collect any personal information about you. - I've never attempted suicide or anything. I've never let it get that far. - Whether it's on TikTok, on Facebook, on YouTube, we're interacting with algorithms in our everyday life more and more. We are training them and they're training us. So we have to study this so we understand it better and we don't let it go in directions that are harmful to society or to certain groups of people.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagassvensson [9 likes]: Delete the app and you will instantly feel better.
  2. @khiemvu2672 [3 likes]: Tik Tok just drains your energy with low quality contents. And there are all of things that Tik Tok can foster,  guys.
  3. @TheDictator-b4h [1 likes]: This aged well
  4. @kyla8295 [1 likes]: So dangerous for people who struggle with mental health. Sad to see. I wish there was legislation keeping up with technology.
  5. @euanduthie2333 [1 likes]: Meanwhile. the WSJ serves up a recommended video at the end of this one, talking about their owner's hobby of going to space.
  6. @johnroney2191: the chinese tiktok developers knows its a bot due to the frquency of your finger scrolling up and down. 
a bot will have uniform scrolling patterns on deeper level, not a human
  7. @higherquality: can I CHOOSE what I want to watch?
  8. @AvokadoDj: Si me ví el vídeo 😃
  9. @ZugIslandYachtClub: If it's free, YOU are the product.
Think about that. These social media companies don't charge it's users anything. Yet somehow they're worth billions. Hmmm?
They're worth so much because they sell you. You are their product.

WSJ: Thanks for this video. Especially for the experiment & research described. 
Perhaps you could expand on this line of inquiry: let's see if these apps are actually reading user's private data; contacts, text messages, gallery, email, etc.
To do this you could populate your bots devices with content restricted to a narrow topic. Say, a messy breakup, auto repair, fruit trees, etc...you get the idea.
Then roll the experiment with some virgin bots. Have these bots engage the same content. And then see if there is any difference in what Tic Toc feeds these users.
  10. @joshs3916: So glad I never used/downloaded this app
  11. @texwatter: Hi 👋🏽
  12. @texwatter: Comment
  13. @Worldaffairslover: If you’re complaining about this, then just throw away all technology
  14. @daijiazhang8483: Too many ads :(
  15. @JayAymi: I think its kind of funny how the US gets all hot and bothered when China does the same exact thing that you all have been doing for years with Meta. Get it together.
  16. @fangliu1369: 质量非常高的研究 谢谢
  17. @windiedchannel: Let me edit your video to my video. I want to cut
  18. @f3rn4n2x3str3ll4: Since you were advocating for introspection, consider this:
Every post in social media can be seen as a response to the question “how to be happy?”.
Example: Your friend posts a travel picture. They just say something about what they experienced, in the caption, like: “I spent the whole night up and didn’t feel tired!”. But they were implicitly saying: “I was feeling like my daily routine was narrowing my view of the world and life, so I aimed to expand it with travel. When I traveled, I did all these things and this is how well it served my intended purpose”. Since no one is requesting your friend to be explicit about those 3 components (the problem/goal, the method they used to achieve that goal, and how well it worked) your friend doesn’t explain them explicitly. But everyone should be explicit about them. 
Why?
Because it would help someone else. If someone else had the same goal as you, they could see what worked for you, and if you evaluate that method very positively, they would compare your rating to the rating they give to the method they were trying so far or considering, and may try your method instead. Yes, maybe a “10/10” rating is subjective for everyone, but it would still give some sense of ”objective” measure of effectiveness.
So, everyone can say the components  explicitly, or social media could request you to fill in those 3 components for every post you make, so it’s easier for the software to find all posts that are describing how to reach a given goal, all the methods tried to achieve that goal, and all the ratings.
Now, social media could be designed with those components as the basis of the design. You could just login and search for a goal or create one if yours doesn’t exist, see the methods that exist to achieve that goal, which ones have been tried by people, and how people have evaluated every attempt. They could add nuance or extra details to their numeric review with an extra text field.
I was thinking of what would be the fastest way to implement such a social media nowadays, and my current conclusion is that it can be in a Discord server: each channel can be a goal, each post in a channel is a method, and each reply to a post is a review of someone’s attempt to use that method to reach that goal. Everyone can quickly find methods to try and they can leave their reviews after giving an honest attempt. If the nature of some attempt really requires a person to update their evaluation or append to it, it would be best that they update the same review instead of creating new ones that are harder to link together. What they can do is start a review, grab a link to the reply they just made, and save it as a bookmark so they can come back to it later. I created such a Discord server but haven’t shared it with anyone yet. No reason for it, just doing something else.
More broadly, this system leverages the core of what looking for truth is: if you really want to reach your goal, you want to know what the TRUE method to reach your goal is. Why? Because reality works a certain way. I’m not implying it is a limited way. It just works in some way. You want to operate in the way reality actually works. 
So, when using this system, users are not distracted by prejudices they may have regarding where a method came from. Even though someone may suggest a method that was originally from a tradition, philosophy, body of work, experiment, culture, religion, etc., the method is simply presented as the essence what it is: a standalone method to reach the goal you chose to reach, instead of one part of many others that you must ascribe by to reach the goal someone else tells you you should reach. That is, the prejudice may come from the fact that someone is offering you more than what you need, e.g. “join my culture, do all these things, and then you will get this goal” so you wonder "do I need all that?", and from the fact that someone is offering you to reach a goal that you haven’t chosen yourself that you want to reach, e.g. if someone offers you a method to feel the whole universe as part of you, you may not be sure if you want it when all you want right now is not to feel angry with someone.
What do you think?
  19. @Jess-h2h4w: Thanks WSJ for spreading awareness.
However, can you make a video explaining what an algorithm is? Because many users don't seem to understand how algorithms work.
Thanks
  20. @johanneszwilling: There must be thing in psychology that captures this popular notion of implying malice to the other party, while totally disregarding personal decision making and accountability.

So the algorithm gives you,....what you want. In a way it becomes a mirror of yourself. What possibly else is it supposed to do, …successfully?

Even if it'd magically could give you what you want (your decisions) or need (who decides that if not you), without you wanting to tell it about yourself (privacy), you'd then still find a way to be unhappy about it. 

You're too self-aware and expecting to possibly ever outsource this successfully to a thing or a deity (whilst insisting on specific outcomes).

“Take me for a ride,...I do not wanna pay attention and I will be mad if I don't end up in a place that I kinda like to get to still, but I didn’t tell you about it or did anything in my own capacity.”

It makes sense if you assume people do this to save energy, but still wanna get to places: Lower your guard, be influenced and get mad, once you realise, this ain’t what you want. 

Even IF your assessment is being challenged by counter proposals (a factually malicious algorithm),…yeah, so what, such is life, always has been. You're an equal participant in making the decision to dismiss and push back. It’s a proposal, …where is yours?

Maybe algorithms are the new religion,...outsource that soul-crushing accountability of making consequential decisions and seeing them through.

...worship, worship, vilify, vilify.

You’ve been challenged! You are better and much more capable than this!


You wanna talk and experience something truly, TRULY addictive!!?? 
Self-efficacy/Agency!


(…and for teens there are parents)

- How to use psychology to hack viewers brains (& make more money): Kind: captions Language: en the best way to grow any business is better content it's a cheat code and the only thing holding you back from making better content is understanding the psychology of how viewers act online so I'm going to break down that psychology show you a bunch of different examples and then show you the Tactical changes that you should make to your content to drive better outcomes now I've used this framework to grow my personal channels from zero to half a million followers in 18 months I've also helped many Brands behind the scenes dramatically level up their content thinking with this same method and it works because it's not some secret formula it's just understanding basic human behavior in the context of social media all marketing boils down to one simple principle can you get the viewer or listener or reader to feel an emotion that will most compel them to take an action so emotion to action that's what we want now not all emotions Trigger action love for example is an extremely strong emotion but it doesn't always trigger an action if you love someone and you see something that makes you of them you may message them but love alone is not closely tied to purchase and purchase is the action we're looking for because if someone would be willing to purchase they're for sure going to sign up for your newsletter or share your thing so we're looking for emotions that drive purchase now there's one emotion above all others that best triggers purchase fear and I'm not talking about chainsaw in the woods type fear I'm talking about foma it's fom's cousin fear of missing anything anytime you watched content and it compelled you to buy subconcious iously you were afraid of missing out or losing something or dying early or not being healthy enough or not being enough or not being cool Etc no matter how long the thread if you pull long enough the subconscious motivation behind almost every purchase is fear let's say you see a piece of content about chocolates and flowers that are on sale for Valentine's Day you have a wife or husband or boyfriend or girlfriend that you buy these for and you may say it wasn't fear I wasn't afraid of them I bought them cuz I love them and yeah that's true you're not afraid of them but deep down you bought them because you were afraid that they wouldn't know how much you cared about them it's the fear of them not knowing that pushed the purchase not the love or even worse for some people in that scenario they'll buy them because they fear their partner will be upset if they don't so to quell that subconscious fear they buy buying the chocolates and flowers is a sign of love but the fear of them not knowing or the fear of them being upset is the reason you purchase let's take another example let's say you see a video about a gut supplement that improves your digestive system so you buy it now why did you buy it it's not because you like taking supplements or even because you want to be healthy it's really because you fear the consequences of being unhealthy and in extreme cases dying so the fear of something is the most potent emotion that you can make a customer feel that will compel them to purchase and this happens on big stages too why do McKenzie Bane and BCG have billion dooll businesses basically telling Executives what they already know because those Executives fear the wrath of their board or their shareholders or their bosses for not having done the research to back that decision it's fear cya now the big question is how do we adjust our content to drive more fear so that purchases go up because the obvious answer is not going to work if you start every piece of content with you're going to die soon or you're going to get fired people will think you're a whack job and they will lose trust and the only thing that can counteract the pull from Fear to buy is the push to not buy from lack of trust so we can't afford to sacrifice trust the art of content and marketing and persuasion and copyrighting is to make someone feel that fear without explicitly saying it so how do we do this the best way is to show an example of someone or something that they relate to experiencing that fear in the same way and making them make the leap so for example let's say you're selling a course about learning how to code a beginner at content may say something like I just made the best course for coding or there's a hundred different modules in my course but most people will look right past that because it doesn't trigger the fear it's highlighting the features and features don't sell fear sells instead better content might be talking about how other Industries are firing a lot of people but the one that isn't is software development this would subconsciously instill the fear that a non-developer might lose their job and so by taking the coding course and becoming a developer they may be able to protect themsel and it doesn't all have to be negative in this way it could play out in every scenario in every industry let's say you launch a new brand of running shoes you may pay cool famous athletes to wear them and you're doing that because it appeals to Runners who are afraid of not being cool this is obviously a very popular Playbook and what most clothing brands do but it's very crowded and easy to see through because so many people do it another angle for shoes might be to say that you are building them for longevity because they're specifically designed to protect your ankles which will appeal to Runners who are afraid of not being able to walk when they're older or arthritis or a number of health conditions this would obviously be a much deeper fear and a smaller audience but way stickier now here's a tactical tip a good way to hide the fear is to bake it into a curiosity loop at the beginning of the content for the foot Paine shoe example you might start content with Nikes being sued for all these Runners injuries or 90% of 80-year-olds can't walk because they wore this brand of shoes the Curiosity Loop of what you're talking about makes people want to hear more and it makes them not think directly about the fear the fear slides to the subconscious but they of course hear it so the framework is step one figure out who your Target customer is that's really key step two figure out what their biggest fears are as a collective step three figure out how to message or show that fear coming to life without expl itly saying it and this Nuance this art is where the gold is but this is only the first half of the equation the second half is showing that your product is the best solve to quell the fear so if someone's afraid of that foot injury and you make a chart showing the percent of injury for every Footwear brand and yours is the best that might be a way to show that your brand is best designed to solve that fear and now this is a really key point on the content side the goal is to establish the fear immediately and then compress the time that it takes to demonstrate the value that your your product could be the solve in other words you want to show that your stuff solves the fear as early as possible in the content you can give lots of other deeper examples throughout the content but you want to demonstrate value as soon as you can now what does this mean let's keep going with the foot pain shoe example if you spend the first 90 seconds of a 2-minute video hammering the foot pain and talking about the injury over and over without demonstrating value it's possible that many viewers that feel this pain will churn before you get to the last 30 seconds talking about the product because it's so intense the fear and pain is so intense they don't want to listen to it but if they know that you have a solve that might be coming later they might stick around that's why the best marketing messaging clearly establishes a fear teases the solve presses on the fear to amplify and then gives the rest of the solve when fear is at a maximum that's the cycle and this Loop works for any product any brand any time any channel it always works so to revisit the full framework step one figure out who your Target customer is step two figure out what their deepest fears are at as a collective step three figure out how to message that fear coming to life without saying it explicitly step four tease the solve for that fear as soon as possible step five amplify the fear and step six demonstrate the solve by now you probably get it but let me show you two examples of me doing this in practice also if you like the way I think about this stuff I write this thing called wavy where I break down viral content and extract the best learnings and Frameworks out of it my goal is to make this like a god tier resource for anybody that makes content mark marketers Founders creators people are loving it if you want it links in the description now for the examples it's important to note that number of views is actually not the most important metric here the most important metric is dollar conversion views Grows by shares dollars Grows by actions it's of course helpful to have views and shares to get more eyes on something if it's optimized but in this video I'm talking about optimizing for dollar conversion I'll make another video in the future talking specifically about the views and just amplifying the number if that's what you're interested in so for conversion this is a good example of a video I made it's about this thing called brick which is a super simple productivity tool that helps you block out apps on your phone for certain periods of time let's watch the first part of this video together ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well this thing just fix that it's called brick and it changed everything for me but before I get into why I just got to say this is not sponsored I'm making this video because the brick has become my single biggest productivity hack what I needed was a way to temporarily disable social media before bed on walks in the gym when I'm working I was at the point where I'd be scrolling for hours without even noticing now this video drove over $10,000 in sales for Brick and only took me 2 hours to make and to break it down first I hammered the paint which is the fear of missing out on life because the phone is controlling you and this was a bit more on the explicit side because I find with short form video the shorter the medium is the more explicit you need to be on hammering the fear because you just don't have as much time to establish with multiple sentences so I try to be pretty explicit in short form videos with long form videos videos and other formats you have a little bit more time to establish that fear now the second sentence well this thing just fixed that it's called brick and it changed everything for me that's creating a curiosity Loop people are like what is that but it's also teasing that I have some solve it's this brick device the third part is me saying what I needed was to temporarily disable social media so this is me pressing on the fear pressing on the pain and then the fourth part is me breaking down how Brick Works and what the solve actually is by the end if someone watched this and they also experienced the pain of scrolling too much and feeling they were missing life this is going to be a perfect solve for them it was an Impulse buy and so it converted highly here's the second example in the same category I actually used this as inspiration for the brick video so the hook is the same this is called The Light phone which is a super minimal zero screen phone where you can't use social media let's watch this video together you ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well these guys invented the light phone and as soon as I saw it I knew it was a home run the design is super simple intentionally it's meant to give you back control over your dopamine you've got the ability to call and text and a couple other tools like podcast music notes and directions but that's it no social media no anxiety inducing notifications no internet browsing it's a phone as a tool not a Vie the screen is a black and white matte finish like what you see on a Kindle and because of that there's no blue light messing with your eyes or internal clock now these guys didn't pay me to say this but I think I'm going to get one of these it's $2.99 and honestly some weekends I just want to get rid of my iPhone and be more present this is the first thing I've seen that would let me do that while still being able to get around and get in touch with my friends what do you guys think does this resonate or did they take it too far from the mainstream so for the first part I use the same hook here really talking about the fear of missing life fomo of missing life because you're on your phone and then the second part was teasing the solve teasing the phone saying well these guys invented a solve and it's I knew it was going to be a home run the Light phone showing it that's kind of teasing that solve and then in this case the rest of the video was actually me intertwining the amplification of the fear and the solve because short form is so compressed I didn't have a lot of time to show here's the fear you're losing dopamine you're losing control and then separately show the solve so I kind of intertwined it but you can see both of those components here this video got 2.3 million views and I think it crashed their website the team reached out I'm pretty sure it flooded them with orders now it's important to establish that not every piece of content is designed to drive purchase otherwise it would be a pretty uneventful and not fun internet but in my mind every piece of content should be designed to have the viewer take some action whether that's to sign up for a newsletter or to follow or something else if it's a newsletter the fear should be eliciting the fear of not knowing certain information which would make someone subscribe you can either do that by making a video that's so good that it pulls them into your bio looking for other sources of information and subscribing or you can just say if you want to stay up to date follow and that creates that fear that lack of information all right I can talk about this forever I'm going to end the video here thank you guys so much for watching if you like this video you like how I talk about psychology and marketing strategy make sure to like And subscribe and we will see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [3 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Odin.Putra..0 [1 likes]: Please please please please please please please please 🙏🙏🙏🙏 provide this video in Hindi language ❤from 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  3. @woxywanders [1 likes]: i hope i can like this video 5x 
This is Gold! Thank you! Just subscribed! Keep it up, Sir!
  4. @senttientt [1 likes]: hey. i wanted to thank you for the incredibly educational content you put out there. you’re truly brilliant, you deserve everything you’ve achieved and more. thank you so much 💙💙
  5. @hanami_bloom: Wow this content is the best. I love the useful knowledge I get.
  6. @HéctorEstrada-t2p4m: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @HumanChaptersHub: very nice
  8. @CJ-jc-d6c: Can you do a gaming focused video on hooks? I’m great at audience retention but I’m god awful at hooking. Specifically for gaming videos. I can hook really well in my music videos but not gaming
  9. @HellavatorGrowup: This is really usefull for me but I really need Persian subtitle
  10. @tropevp33: It is interesting that you use fear to get attention, have you thought other emotions?
  11. @TrungTran-wd3wi: I would like to add that there are two main types of fear, the first is the fear of not being loved (by family, friends), the second is the fear of not having enough (not enough money, not enough health, not enough time), these are the two biggest fears of humans.
  12. @LucasJR7: 8:10
  13. @MilquetoastQT: 3:05 : I don't know, man. Works for Alex Jones 😂
  14. @BOOKED_PROSPERS: 2:36 Well that's half true. 

There is also another huge emotion that compels people to buy that yummy looking candy, or make a bad decision with a pretty girl.

Desire. 

Fear & desire are the 2 most compelling emotions that drive purchase
  15. @X_The_Android: 8:19 "This is NOT sponsored," yet you somehow have access to information of how many Bricks that ""not ad"" sold.
  16. @XBMotivates: Your videos and so helpful. Thank you!
  17. @TheSilentInfluence: You're a GOAT❤
  18. @GatewayintoComics: Hail Thine Inmost Self
  19. @ArtIntel-y1e: amazing
  20. @ajeetyadav1111a: From when I got your Channel i am watching each video of yours one by one ... 07 Done out of 35 ❤❤

- 18 Psychology Tricks to Get Viewers Addicted to Your Videos: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to engineer your storytelling to get a viewer to think and act how you want and if you can do this on command you win now I have over a million followers done a billion views and this one thing has been the biggest cheat code to my success it is the foundational building block that powers everything and I'm just going to give it to you this is my full content psychology Playbook 18 different tricks that you can use to get people addicted to your videos without them knowing it all right so I boil down every video into six steps think of these like Gates or checkpoints and I need to get the viewer through these six checkpoints before they bounce or the video flops now for each one I use a combination of different psychology hacks to pull them through and I'm going to break down each one of those hacks and how you can use them in your videos okay so the first major checkpoint in any video is paino acceptance before you do anything else you have to get the viewer to feel whatever pain point it is you're solving for in the video usually the core pain stems from not having enough money time health or access those are the four horsemen of pain and there's many ways to frame a pain but at a base level before you do anything else in the video the viewer has to feel a pain point now I can already hear the skep iics in the nose beds what about entertainment style content like Mr Beast or Minecraft videos there's no pain point in those and you're 100% right those are pure entertainment plays and those can work but my take is that if you're playing for pure entertainment the competition is much much steeper because you're competing against family time Hollywood grade movies Mr Beast himself the Instagram feed reading in bed if you're not an absolute Pro you're going to lose the entertainment game but if you're solving a specific paino all of a sudden you fit into a different category in the viewer's brain and if your goal is to make money online Value First paino driven content is the best way to do it okay so checkpoint one is making them accept the pain now what are the exact psychological hacks to get them to do this I have four methods the first one is by going one standard deviation away from the pain to trick them into accepting it so let me explain what that means the key with content is getting a viewer to opt into accepting they have a paino without triggering their be s detector it's like robbing a bank if you trip the red wire the alarms will go off and they're going to call the police you remember when I said all core pain stem from not having time money health or access well the problem is if you come out directly and say something like if you want to make more money do this it often triggers their BS detector and they'll dismiss you and this happens because most viewers are smart and they think to themselves Well it can't be that easy right this must be nonsense and so then they start second guessing what you're saying and this is all happening subconsciously because of their psychology once the BS detector is tripped in their mind you've lost them because now they don't trust you so this is where the one standard deviation away hack comes in sometimes it could be easier to get someone to opt into a pain by going one standard deviation away from what they actually want and having them make the leap themselves for example let's take the pain of trying to grow on social media that's what I talk about most people want to grow on social media because they think it'll help them make more money they don't actually want to spend 40 hours a week making videos they want the money but the beauty is that most people assume that if they grow on social media they will make money they treat them as the same so targeting the pain that they aren't growing their social channels fast enough is a way to disarm them on the money pain without triggering their BS detector they will make the leap that you helping them with social media will help them make more money which is what they really want and to prove this is the case if you look at all of my videos on my YouTube channel anytime I talk specifically about making more money those videos don't perform very well but anytime I talk about specifics of making better videos or new social trends for growing faster people associate that with making more money and those videos crush and this isn't an accident this is psychology at work so the specific tactic here is understanding which of the four horsemen base pains you're targeting and then figuring out how to go one standard deviation away to solve a tactical problem all right the second hack for trying to get a viewer to accept the paino is what I call twisting the knife here your goal is to remind the viewer of their paino and the frustration that they've been experiencing because they haven't solved it twist the knife the best way to do this tactically no surprise is to talk about the pain point and that frustration as bluntly and directly as possible so for example I might say something like if you've been struggling with storytelling I've been there I know how hard it is this reminds them of the struggle and deepens the Gap it seems obvious but this is adding Tinder to the burning fire of them wanting to solve the problem also fomo and jealousy are other great ways to remind them of this frustration and deepen the pain all right the third psychology hack for getting a viewer to accept the pain point is what I call an audience of one and this is very simple speak to them directly don't use the word I use the word you make it about them make them the main character make them think about themselves and their unique situation I use the word you more than any other word in my videos it's like a teacher yelling hey you to a group of kindergarteners right it stuns them immediately and makes them lock back in I also try in my delivery to make it seem like I'm talking directly to you and no one else and this comes mostly from tone and Rhythm which you have to just adjust over time the best way to do this is observe two people having a conversation and then try to mimic that tone and Rhythm nobody wants a preacher they want a friend again these things seem obvious and I'm going to show you an example in a second about why they're so powerful but I'm telling you stacking these on top of each other creates this deep pain Point all right the fourth and last hack for getting a user to accept the paino is to create the paino solution Gap you need them to realize that there is both a paino to be solved and a gap between between where they are today and where they want to be you can do this tactically by literally moving your hands from one side to the other or you could use Graphics or you could continue to Pepper examples showing the distance between where they are and where they want to be as you can tell and I've heard this in the comments I find the hands thing to be super helpful with this now you don't have to do all four of those hacks all together every single video but by doing these four things you make them aware of the right pain frame it so it applies to them specifically and build an urgency for them to figure out how to close the gap if you do this you have them Hook Line and Sinker through that first checkpoint and they are super eager to find out what comes next now I'm going to show you an example the first three checkpoints all happen in the hook of the video in the first 10 to 30 seconds so I'm really breaking it down but this happens super super quickly getting them through those first three checkpoints let's review the hook that I used in this video just a couple minutes ago and I'm going to show you exactly how I do this in practice by the way the reason you're still watching is because I use this exact psychology hack to hook you so if you're wondering if it works it works today we're talking about about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to all right so here's the transcript of the first half of the hook for this video and I'm going to color code each of the four psychology hacks that deal with this first paino checkpoint now the first line is just me setting context that it's about psychology I kind of had to do that then immediately I start twisting the knife using jealousy I say by all your favorite creators now I could have started by explicitly stating the pain itself like you're trying to grow on social media through video but that is implied by me using Creator so at this point subconsciously you feel this frustration cuz you want to grow like your favorite creators but you haven't figured it out I'm reminding you of that frustration subconsciously that deepens the paino Gap if you want your videos to perform better so I'm saying it directly right here again I know every single person watching this wants to make money that's why they're trying to grow on social media so this is the one standard deviation away from the core Four Horseman pain now that rolls directly into the paino solution Gap if you want better videos paino you need to understand psychology solution and this is all happening in real time but like 7 seconds in I've already kind of got you deeply reminded of the pain jealous about the other creators and interested in how to solve it happens fast now because psychology as a concept is kind of high level and not clear I decided to use another line to reiterate exactly what I'm talking about and how you can apply it to making better videos so I say psychology is how you engineer people to do and act how you want and if you do this you can win again paino solution Gap if you do this you can win now the last thing to highlight is how many times I use the word you in the first half of this hook nine times and I use the word I zero this is also intentional this video video is not about me it's about you it's about helping you solve the pain I'm not talking about me yet now I spent so much time on checkpoint one in this video so far because again if you can't get the viewer to accept that there's a pain point you lose do not pass go there is no reason to continue you have to nail this first now before I go on to the next checkpoints why does this work so well it works so well because human brains are problem-solving machines if you give a brain a problem it is designed to figure out how to solve it by starting with the problem in the video script we are hacking the viewers neurochemistry to get them to pay attention to it and this first step is critical because it aligns their subconscious on the problem so that you can tell them the rest of the story before watching the video they may not have been problem aware or if they knew the problem they weren't consciously focusing so you need to angle their attention on the problem and then continue okay so this is checkpoint one at this point the viewer is now deeply problem aware and interested in figuring out how to solve it all right before I move on and there is some gold coming up I just got to say guys nobody talks about content the way I do I've looked so far for people to make videos like this and there just aren't any I take all of this and I put it for free in the description in my free community wavy world my free newsletter content. game I want you guys to win I think there's so much opportunity for everyone to win the way they want so I give it all for free make sure you check the description if you like the way I talk about this stuff all right let's keep going okay so as soon as the viewer is aware of the paino The Next Step checkpoint two you need to immediately Sprint to trust you you need them to trust you ASAP you essentially have between 10 and 30 seconds after they accept that a problem is real to pass their BS detector for them to trust that you're the type of person that could solve it if they sense that you don't know what you're talking about that you don't have proof that you've done this before or that you don't have the answer they're going to bounce and you lose them and this checkpoint 2 is another make or break moment in Psychology hacking do they trust you so what are the ways to get them to trust you this is the list in order from most effective to least effective the best in top of the list is proof that you have solved this problem for someone just like them this is why On Target case studies and testimonials are so critical it's why they're all over sales Pages if a viewer sees themselves in a success story that you have they immediately trust that you can do this for them if you don't have a testimonial of you doing this for others the next best case is proof that you've done it for yourself this proves that you can do it but they may not trust you as much as the testimonial if they don't see themselves in you the third highest trust Builder would be massive social followings on any account ideally the account you're on or a prei cosign from someone that they trust social followings basically prove that you are trusted and vetted by many at scale this helps decrease their fear that you don't know what you're talking about the fourth is evidence that you have been in their shoes and you are not in their shoes anymore this doesn't necessarily mean that you were the one that controlled the transformation but it does mean you have underwent the transformation so you at least know where they have been and where they want to go Fifth and this is second from the bottom is Common Ground anything you can do to build common ground between them and you just to build rapport and then last but I think still effective is the overall look and quality of your presentation of the information the studio the audio the confidence the posture the way the whole package is put together if you come off like you know what you're doing they will subconsciously start to trust you a little bit this alone isn't going to get you there but it's helpful icing on the top and this look thing this is why most sales people wear suits there's a reason why people do the things they do why they put testimonials on their sites why sales people wear suits is because they're trying to build trust now like I said you don't need the full one through six list to be true if you have any one of the top three you're probably good that's all you need but if you don't you may need multiple of the bottom three the bigger the ask the more trust required the deeper the pain the less trust required now I have three super quick psychological hacks that go one level deeper for how you actually facilitate this trust transfer so the first one around proof this is going to sound stupidly obvious but use screenshots of the testimonials bank statements a B tests before and afters social followings some visual proof is usually all you need to justify credibility that you've done what you say and it usually just takes one or two of these flashed rapidly and then the trust is built now if you have no proof you need to build common ground or show that you've been in their shoes before and even if you try this it may not stick but you have to try something the best way to build common ground is to hack their subconscious Psychology by saying things like I've been exactly where you are I've gone through this same thing I know what it feels like right saying those things helps build empathy empathy and Common Ground between them and you at this point if you don't have proof they are running the BS filter scan in their head absorbing everything trying to vet do I trust them do I trust them and I'll be honest the longer they're running that BS scan the less chance you have so you really want to establish trust as quickly as possible now in addition to building Common Ground an easy way to hack their trust like I said is having a professional setup this is a huge way to increase trust because when you're small and you have no credibility you have no proof but people see you have a legit set up immediately in their mind they're wondering wait how does this person not have any proof how does this person not have any wins he has such a great setup she has such a great setup they actually start to root for you in a weird way it inverts that's why having this professional look is so critical again if you have crazy proof you can record on a lowquality 720p camera in your underwear but if you don't have any proof this is a way to kind of elevate yourself without having done anything else again this trust checkpoint is critical if the viewer does not trust you they're not going to continue watching and you lose now one note on this at the beginning of your journey making content the reason why it takes so long to grow initially is because you don't have proof for credibility and so a low fraction of people trust you long enough to listen to your information that's why it takes so long to get those first thousand 2,000 5,000 subscribers but as you get some trust as you grow you start to build a following people then trust the following and the cosign is easier from people and then the compounding continues this is why it takes so long to grow at the beginning because you don't have trust I actually didn't start making YouTube videos until I had half a million followers on Instagram and Tik Tok and this was strategic I didn't want to risk spending $1,000 per YouTube video on editing and thumbnails until I knew that I had at least number three on that list of credibility now I actually do have almost a million followers I actually have driven over a billion views I actually have done the transformation myself and I know the answer so it's easy for you to trust me because I have these things so I now have proof figuring this out for myself I have big social followings I've been where you were because I used to not Plus I speak directly to entrepreneurs and builders that were like me so I have established Common Ground I also spent a ton of time and money building out this set so of the list of six 2 3 4 5 six I have all of them except the top one and now for the top one I have an Academy of entrepreneurs that I'm teaching the methods to I'm also getting cold DMS of people that are using my YouTube videos to get traction on their own so very soon I'll have the top one as well I will have the full six and this is really important to me because to me everything I do is optimize to build trust that's why I give the answers away I want everyone to trust me because I want to help people I genuinely do and so that goes back and forth and it helps build the trust immediately okay so that's checkpoint two so to reorient us the viewer has now accepted that a pain point is there they want to solve and they now trust you as a potential vehicle that could solve it so what comes next okay so checkpoint three is plan of attack as soon as they feel like the paino applies to them and they trust you as someone that may solve it immediately they want to know if you have a plan for doing doing so if you don't share a legit plan they will then churn so there are two things you need to do here in checkpoint 3 you need to share that you have a plan and explain why your plan is different than anything else they've seen before the first one is to create the point of difference between your plan and everyone else's now the easiest way to create the point of difference is to create contrast between what they've commonly seen and what you believe your contrarian take right so if they want to accomplish X and everyone says to do y and you say to do Z and you can convince them that Z is better they will hold to see what Z is the brain constantly is looking for easier better faster ways to solve their problem so if you create the problem and they trust you as a solve for it and you suggest something that may be different than what they've seen before they are going to be so curious that they will wait to find out what it is this is building that point of difference the contrast the Curiosity Loop whatever you call it that's how you do it now the other psychology hack here once you establish you have a point of difference immediately they want to know what is your plan now people like structure they like order they like alignment structure helps them remember things when they remember things they feel smart when they feel smart they associate feeling smart with you as the person that makes them feel smart and they trust you more so the best way to deliver the plan in structure is a list these are my five tips for doing X these are my 18 psychology hacks present your thoughts in a structured list the brain is very good at understanding numbers and chunking things down into steps that's how we learn everything as a kid if you jump into your tactics in the video without teeing it up as a list without putting a structure around it people will feel lost and confused if they're lost and confused they turn so now for the last time I'm going to pull up my full Hook from this video one more time and I'm going to show you how I walk through creating the list and creating the point of difference okay now I actually embedded the point of difference a little bit earlier like two birds one stone I talked about this in the paino section but this is the point of difference so I said if you want to grow on social media you need Psychology but not psychology in a book you need to understand how to implement psychology to hack viewers brains to do and act how you want there's kind of two points of difference there there's growth you think it's this I say psych ology there's psychology you think it's book learning I say it's actually implementing in videos there's actually two subconsciously there and I did it earlier instead of later because I'm trying to use the fewest amount of sentences I figured it was two birds one stone now the ordered Lis thing comes later obviously this is me saying I have 18 psychology hacks I have a full Playbook this is me presenting the plan to you and then right after I finish the hook I then reiterate that there are six checkpoints and those checkpoints or stage Gates I say it again because I don't want 18 to feel overwhelming so I say six again to break it down that's how important it is to explain things with structure and this all happened in 24 seconds across 12 sentences if you can pull a viewer through these three checkpoints as fast as possible they will then be primed for the rest of the video okay so at this point the viewer has accepted there's a paino to solve they trust you and they know you have a plan to solve it so there's just one big question left and this is one that matters so so much do they want you to be the one to solve it for them do they like you this is likability the number one psychological hack or checkpoint or bucket to get people addicted to your content is to make them like you enough to want to watch it people disarm their inhibitions when they genuinely like a person I'm not just talking about physical attraction do they like the energy and brand that you bring forward this is critical and as someone who's typically monotone I have brought my energy up to create this likeability or at least I hope if you're watching this I hope you like the way I'm presenting this I have three psychological hacks to improve your likeability if you're a Creator now the first first one the biggest one is energy people act like mirrors if you give low energy they will receive that and start giving low energy back if you have high energy it's infectious the easiest way to get people to resonate with your content on a psychological level is to bring your energy of delivery up by like 50% and the easiest way to do this this is what I do is I record one line at a time it sounds crazy but when you talk in paragraphs you start to Trail off towards the end of your sentences reading six seven sentences off the top of your your head you just lose energy but if you record one line at a time yes you have to chop it after but you can deliver with high energy every single line This is a super super easy hack to up your energy now the second best way to increase likability is simplification again people like when they feel smart if you make them feel dumb they will not like you it's really that simple this means using simple words and short sentences so what I do is I repeat my points twice if I say something with technical jargon I'll repeat it a the second time saying it again with simpler terms and maybe using a metaphor that's a little bit easier to understand and I kind of just talk in this way normally I think that's one of the superpowers of my style but this simplification by force is actually a really helpful way to increase people's comprehension when they can hear you and understand you they like you more now the third best way to become more likable is to genuinely just be yourself and I know it sounds so basic but people can detect when you're playing a character I legitimately wear this black hoodie every single day this black hat every day I talk like this I'm a Content nerd I'm a business nerd you cannot fake this energy around this stuff and because of that you can sense that through the camera and you like me more for it whether you believe what I say or not you like when people talk about things they like that's how the brain works they just perceive authenticity and this is the big thing when you're likable people root for you and they want to be around you they want you to be the one that solves their problems and as a Creator when you're trying to identify a problem a pain point that they pay attention to and solve it this is all you're after now if you're not likable if you're kind of a grouch you can still win but it's going to take so much longer because your value and your information has to be so good that it overcomes the deficiency of your personality it's much easier if people just like you now the sooner someone likes you the better and the easier it will be to hold them so it's possible they may already come into a video having liked you from something else so in that case checkpoint 4 is already checked off but if this is the first thing they're seeing of you they're probably going to take 3 to 5 minutes and make a call whether they like you or not those three things I mentioned are ways to improve your chances of someone liking you more all right so checkpoint five at this point the viewer has understood the pain point they trust you they understand you have a plan and they like you but this is all preal this is like the intro stage you were just trying to get them to opt in to giving you a chance to hear what you have to say and now you can see why the hook in your video is so important and why it takes so much time to dial it in we've deployed like 12 psychology tactics up to this point just trying to get the viewer primed to accept any kind of message so the next question checkpoint 5 is can we get them to pay attention long enough to hear what we have to say it's crazy when you really think about it right you spent all that time all that effort all that energy trying to get them to pay attention long enough to potentially give you the chance to deliver a message and still you have to fight to hold their attention it's pretty crazy but this is kind of the most important checkpoint within the body of the video is getting them to continue to pay attention until the last stage so of course have a few psychology hacks for getting them to hold their attention the first one is to create a hunt people's brains work in Loops when they open a loop they need to close it that is why to-do lists are so nagging you write something down on a to-do list you fret until it's closed people work in open and closed Loops so when you need to keep someone interested for 20 or 30 minutes to watch a full video you need to continually open Loops in their brain the best way to do this is to lead with the most valuable piece of information first and then tease that there are other things like it buried throughout the video that first piece is like a dopamine release and it validates that it's worth staying then you create this hunt these Loops that people have to hunt to close to do this tactically just continue reminding them about the gold at the end I didn't really do it well in this video but you can think about when people talk about six tactics and when they're on number two they say and wait for the end because the last one's going to be great right that is them opening a long-term Loop while they close these Min ones they want you to stay to close that long-term Loop all right hack number 14 is reh hooking in previous videos I've talked a lot about the importance of reh hooking throughout your content because you do all that work to lay the initial hook but then if you don't rehook everything just atrophies down to zero so you have to keep reh hooking their interest and the best way to do that is to keep reigniting that paino solution Gap where are they where do they want to be remind them where are they where do they want to be create contrast against where they are where they want to be common belief contrar in take continue to create that contrast and you'll be able to rehook them throughout now the best way to do this is that and flip so saying things like now that point was good but honestly if you don't figure out this point it's never going to work right continuing to give that zigzag dance that's how you rehook them all right another way to keep them interested throughout and I talk a lot about this in my storytelling video which I'll link here if you want to check out the during the body storytelling a lot of these techniques I broke down a lot deeper in some other videos but a great way to do this is what I call a trans Rhythm if you create a desirable rhythm with the Cadence of your words they will stay because it's soothing to listen to I've noticed that that the monotony that comes with same length sentences actually leads to boredom and then people churn so the best way to do this is to use your voice as an instrument and try to deliver off balance enunciation off-balance Cadence to create this Rhythm keep them on their toes some short sentences and then deliver some long Legato sentences some compound sentences some quick sentences keep them off balance and it creates this trans style Rhythm where they're just locked into hearing it it's almost like music in a way if you look down your script and you don't see a jagged line with the end of your sentences that means all of your sentences are around the same length and it creates that monotonous plotting feeling you want that Jagged line so look down your script and make sure you have that all right so now we've come to the last checkpoint checkpoint six this is what you're after the whole reason you do one through five is to get people to checkpoint 6 checkpoint 6 is getting the viewer to take an action so far you've established a paino built trust laid out a plan got them to like you and re-hooked them throughout the video so that they could absorb most of your value the last step can you get them to take the action after all that's why we're making content in the first place we need viewers to take some action now that action could be to subscribe it could be to share it could be to sign up for a free email list or a lead Magnet or a community it also could be to convert and transact for a paid product right from the video the actions vary but we need the viewer to take an action if they don't it's not that the rep was all for nothing but we don't really Clos the process that we were trying to do here now I've got three final psychology hacks to trick the viewer into taking the action the first one is called close the loop at the end of the video tell the viewer that you have successfully closed the paino solution Gap and that by doing this they should have everything they need to be able to take the information in the video and solve for it themsel but if they would like to increase the speed and get to the solution faster then they can take your action or purchase your product this hack of reminding them that all the information is there but if they want speed they can pay for it is super effective and it works because almost no one can absorb 100% of the information on the first go round but the whole point of the video was to demonstrate that you have the end to- endend knowledge and 5% of people are going to be able to take that watch it three times and implement it thems God bless them it's the other 95% that want to pay for Speed now that they trust you that'll take the action the hack is that you reminded them that the loop is closed because by reminding them it res signals that pain point that they wanted to solve they will feel like it's still unsolved because they haven't absorbed all the information and they will look to take an action to solve it all right my second hack for getting the viewer to take the desired action is an unexpected surise surprise most of Life boils down to expectations verse reality if they expected a highquality masterpiece in your video but you fell short chances are they're not going to take the action but if the reality of watching the video blew away their expectations especially if it was because of how valuable the information actually was they are way more likely to take the action that you suggested this is why I was able to grow from 0 to 65,000 Subs on YouTube in like two months I try to make all of my videos at a 12 out of 10 quality that blows people away so this the unexpected surprise works every time all right and the last psychology tip hack number 18 is the recap tell the viewer what you're going to do do it and then remind them at the end of what you did that reminding is the recap this is the final nail that closes the loop on that paino solution Gap and that by doing that it reminds them that they should take the action if they haven't yet solved the pain watch I'm going to show you an example right here as I close this but I'm only doing it as long as you take the action look in the description all right guys that's all I have for this video those were 18 tricks to hack viewer psychology to get more addicted into your content if you like this video and you want more breakdowns like this I kind of like making these but I don't know if you like them too if you like them leave a comment let me know what I should cover in the next video and remember there is so much free stuff in the description I'm giving it all away if you want your videos to be better if you want to grow faster on social media the links and the invites are below for you to take advantage of until next time we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [23 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @pamithadesilva1955: I’ve being binge watching this channel since early this week. I wish I came across these videos earlier. Such great learnings
  3. @shashankthakur2090: god bless u bro thankyou so much
  4. @IrvinZurita-t5l: Perfect content ❤
  5. @CovenantCrossings-n1d: Just stumbled across your channel. I am almost 70 years old, excellent presentation, just subscribe.
  6. @RonNezaticky: Good stuff! Loads of value! Thank you
  7. @RoxanaHashemi: Great thank you 🙏
  8. @Thecreabrix: thank you <3
  9. @TechnicalIndiaA1: You addressed pain point of content creator
  10. @eNVyyuh: that’s so scary i’m so high bro literally just explained exactly what made me want to press his video 😭
  11. @gregh_777: i hate everything about this video.
  12. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  13. @Toplegends7: that's perfect
  14. @philliprocker2719: New to social media so these tips made some things finally make sense.
  15. @madievb7728: This video was super helpful, thank you for sharing your expertise with us. I checked out the Sandcastle program and it looks wonderful, but unfortunately I can't afford it right now. 😢
  16. @Ben-g2i8w: your lessons are valuable . thanks for the good work
  17. @lydiamartinezebling: Amazing! 🙏🏻💪🏼
  18. @nexryn1: We'll definitely make it
  19. @Jonathan-u6q6h: Love your teaching
  20. @Jolly-Good-Planet: You are the great teacher. Thanks! 🎉 ❤

- NEW! HOW TO ANALYZE REPLY RATES ON INSTANTLY AI (2025) 📊 | Improve Your Cold Email Performance: Kind: captions Language: en How to analyze reply rates in instantly.ai. Step one, from your dashboard, click on campaigns and select campaign you want to review. Step two, inside the campaign, click on analytics. This is where you'll find performance data like opens, clicks, and replies. Step three, look for the reply rate percentage. This shows how many of the people you contacted actually responded to your emails. Step four, you can also break it down by individual emails in your sequence. Maybe your first follow-up gets more replies than your initial outreach. This helps you understand what's working. Step five, if your reply rate is low, try improving personalization, shortening your emails, or adjust your timing. Small tweaks can make a big difference. So that's it.

- Email Timing Magic: Scheduling for Maximum Audience Impact: Kind: captions Language: en email scheduling is a valuable strategy to ensure that your emails reach your audience at the most optimal time for engagement and response here's how you can use email scheduling effectively 1. analyze past data look at your email campaign data to identify patterns in open rates click-through rates and conversions this analysis can reveal Trends regarding the best days and times when your audience is most active and receptive to your emails 2. consider your audience's time zone if your email list includes subscribers from different time zones schedule your emails to arrive at a reasonable hour for each group consider segmenting your list based on time zones and scheduling accordingly 3. test different time slots conduct a b testing by sending the same email to different segments of your audience at various time slots analyze the results to determine which time slot generates the the highest engagement 4. understand your audience's routine consider the habits and routines of your target audience for example sending emails during regular business hours might be more effective for a B2B audience while a consumer-focused campaign might perform better during evenings or weekends 5. avoid peak times avoid sending emails during periods of high email traffic such as Monday mornings or Friday afternoons when people are more likely to be overwhelmed with their inbox 6. plan around important dates and events align your email schedule with significant dates holidays or events that are relevant to your audience tailoring your content to special occasions can boost engagement 7. use email marketing platforms insights many email marketing platforms offer insights into the best times to send emails based on their data utilize these insights to guide your scheduling decisions 8. automate email scheduling take advantage of email marketing automation tools to schedule your emails in advance this ensures consistency and delivery and allows you to focus on other aspects of your marketing strategy 9. segment your audience divide your email list into smaller segments based on demographics behaviors or interests different segments May respond better to emails at different times 10. Monitor and adapt continuously monitor the performance of your email campaigns and be willing to adjust your scheduling strategy based on new data or changing audience behavior for more information click the link below please subscribe to our channel for more valuable information if you like this content please like share and subscribe to our Channel thanks for watching

- Revolutionize Your Cold Emails with Video Hunter™: Personalized Videos for Higher Engagement!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to video hunter the app that's set to revolutionize your cold email campaigns with custom created personalized videos unlike traditional emails that get lost in cluttered inboxes video Hunter makes your messages truly stand out with our app you can easily craft engaging videos with personalized text and captions tailored for each recipient imagine adding a recipient's name and unique details directly into your videos making your emails impossible to ignore our clients have seen remarkable Improv movements in open and response rates compared to standard emails plus creating these eye-catching videos is quick and simple with no technical skills required and with our comprehensive analytics dashboard you can track and optimize your email performance effortlessly ready to elevate your email game visit the link in the description to experience the power of personalized video emails with video Hunter

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorielyngominza-gante: Truly groundbreaking!
  2. @EllieEllie-j5s: Find the right videos fast with Video Hunter!
  3. @cee7844: This is a major breakthrough in innovation! 💡🔥
  4. @JeiMarcelo-r1y: Ready to elevate my marketing efforts!  📣
  5. @RamonjosephGamefarm: Transform your outreach with Video Hunter! Personalize your emails easily!
  6. @JerraMaeCawaling: I could watch this all-day  😍
  7. @dorielyngominza6005: The next big thing in tech is here. Keep it coming! #TechLeaders
  8. @leadhunter2025: Infinite Revolution brings the best out of me! 🌠
  9. @RefinanceExpertsUSA: The essence of Infinite Revolution is evolution!
  10. @ChinM.Dani_Marsh: Infinite Revolution is everything we need and more!

- Capture Attention Instantly with Video Hunter™: Personalized Video Emails: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to video Hunter the Revolutionary app that upgrades your cold emails with personalized videos break through the noise and make your messages Stand Out instantly create engaging personalized videos with tailored text and captions for each recipient include their name and specific details to ensure your emails grab Attention our clients see significant improvements in open and response rates compared to standard emails producing these videos is simple and fast no technical skills needed track your results with our detailed analytics dashboard to optimize your approach upgrade your email strategy with video Hunter visit the link in the description to get started

  Top Comments:
  1. @JosephCagasan-u4x: Video Hunter turns hours of searching into seconds of precision.
  2. @RamonjosephGamefarm: Find and connect through video content effortlessly.
  3. @GelzahTolentino: Video Hunter: Fast-track your video discovery.
  4. @dorielyngominza-gante: Revolutionary in every way!
  5. @EllieEllie-j5s: Unlock trending videos fast with Video Hunter!
  6. @JemDC-s3m: Video Hunter maximizes video impact!
  7. @RamonjosephGamefarm: Find trending content fast with Video Hunter!
  8. @dorielyngominza6005: Innovative spirit, bold moves!
  9. @ThomasBornillo: Video Hunter helps you find top-quality clips!
  10. @RefinanceExpertsUSA: So excited for the journey ahead!  🚀
  11. @cee7844: A breakthrough like no other! 🌟💡
  12. @JeiMarcelo-r1y: This will streamline my lead management! 📊
  13. @ChinJeans: You’ve got my interest piqued!
  14. @leadhunter2025: This is innovation at its best!
  15. @JeiMarcelo-r1y: Capture attention with Video Hunter send personalized video emails today!
  16. @RamonjosephGamefarm: Transform your email outreach with video hunter! Create personalized videos that demand attention!
  17. @JemDC-s3m: Break through the inbox clutter! Video Hunter™ creates personalized videos that get noticed and boost responses!
  18. @JerraMaeCawaling: Can’t stop watching this 🔥🔥

- Revolutionize Your Cold Emails with Video Hunter™: Personalized Videos for Higher Engagement!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to video Hunter the groundbreaking app that's set to revolutionize your cold email campaigns with personalized custom created videos unlike traditional emails that often get lost in crowded inboxes video Hunter ensures your messages stand out with our app you can effortlessly create engaging videos featuring personalized text and captions tailored for each recipient why is video Hunter a GameChanger it offers a personalized Touch by embedding names and unique details into your videos making your emails impossible to ignore our clients enjoy higher open rates with significantly better engagement than standard emails plus it's simple and quick you can craft eye-catching videos in just minutes with no technical skills required our analytics dashboard lets you track and optimize your email performance to perfect your Outreach ready to see how personalized video emails can boost your results visit the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorielyngominza-gante: Always evolving!
  2. @EllieEllie-j5s: Optimize your strategy with insights from Video Hunter!
  3. @cee7844: It’s truly exceeding all my expectations! 💡👏
  4. @RamonjosephGamefarm: Elevate your email game with Video Hunter™! Capture attention and boost responses!
  5. @JerraMaeCawaling: The energy is unreal! ⚡
  6. @JemDC-s3m: This content is packed with actionable insights.
  7. @dorielyngominza6005: You guys are setting new standards!
  8. @RefinanceExpertsUSA: Challenge accepted with Infinite Revolution!
  9. @ChinM.Dani_Marsh: Total innovation overload! This is unreal!

- The Wait  - 1 Minute Short Film | Award Winning: Kind: captions Language: en yeah bro we got away to this a pen and make is over yeah I'll see you later in like two months [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @morphinefilms. [68 likes]: THE WAIT IS BACK! - Part 2 is here! youtube.com/watch?v=pDOgaDEjyfU
  2. @PokerFace-q9o [1 likes]: Absolutely loved kt
  3. @buzzerk-lc2jz [1 likes]: How is this award winning? 😂😂
  4. @0000p-i6p: ❤
  5. @jekob_okpanachi: Time well killed 👏🏾
  6. @film_bufff: DAMN.
  7. @vanlinh4940: Some people are always waiting. Waiting for the right time to come, waiting for the right people to love. Instead of just waiting, just get down and do the work. If you fail, the result is still better than doing nothing. You are back to the starting line, but right now, with more experiences.
  8. @DantePuteri-d9l: I would love to go to a premier for short film awards
  9. @stuoyharhacayzxaba: ᝣᝤᝥᝲᝦᝧᝨᝩᝪᝫᝳᝬᝮᝯᝠᝡᝡᝢᝰ
  10. @youssefafndy1308: خخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخخ
  11. @Lecs1988CL: I will do the same when I have to wait my girlfriend for go out
  12. @THEHONESTREPLAY: Many dream die due to proverty
  13. @leovamh: OMGGG I love this
  14. @NeosWohnzimmer: i make short films as a hobby and i would appreciate any feedback, hope you like it. "Hayat" means "Life". thanks! --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SO0IjsQcouE
  15. @ManoramaFilmkraft: Watch another scary short horror film with a strong message 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82Ep0Acdlig&t=34s
  16. @blackbird5634: ''This the content of Zazen.'' -Nishijima Roshi😉🙃
  17. @malitiracorinnee.1656: That is so good!!!!!!!
  18. @feliciamacias5769: As a SAHM of small children all I can think about is “what can I clean up before the timer goes off?”
  19. @garyroberti4551: Jack that waa really cool thanks.!
  20. @frances.ca.1191: by 'John Cage' the 'Work of Science and Art' titled   4'33''   that is presented at Site en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4′33″  , 

actually 'presents, exposes' how 'everything is Music, Sound' 

that is also to say 'everything has a own Rhythm or Pace', 

despite 'Pace' in 'neolatin Language' from 'Pax' in 'immortal mediterranean Language, Latin', is 'Peace', 

and 'Peace' is the 'incorrect Translation' of 'Shlom' of 'biblical' Sort, 

and 'Shlom' is 'Salvation, Wellbeing' also 'Salve' in 'Latin', 

that is connected to 'Solution', let's write is 'Slwtion' and let's write 'Salve' as 'Slwe', in order to 'see, know' the 'Resonance' between the '2 Terms', 

and 'consider' so named 'Suffixes' or 'Désinences', also 'Conjugations', that 'produce Differences' in a 'Concept' that is 'basically, essentially' actually 'unique' also 'universal' from 'Latin' for '1 Sense', or '1 Direction', 

and 'Salvation, Wellbeing' as well as 'Solution' is from 'Tzdqh' so called in 'biblical' Language, 

for 'Agapé' in 'immortal mediterranean Language, Greek', 

for 'universal Love, asexual, Sexless, impersonal, universal' and, or 'correct Judgement, balanced, provided with Integrity, provided with Wholeness, provided with Holiness, that produces and is produced by, Healing', 

where 'Healing' is the 'Midline' so called of the 'Caduce os' or 'Caduce on',  from 'Greece', see an 'Image, Symbol' at Site en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caduceus#/media/File:Hermes_Ingenui_Pio-Clementino_Inv544.jpg ,

and the 'Midline' of the 'Nadi' from 'immortal Orient', also 'Midline of the Nadi' called 'Shushumna' that is 'interconnected' to 'biblical' Language as 'Sh Shm n' that is 'that is of Shem' and 'Shem' is used for 'G.d' indeed, see an 'Image, Symbol' at Site en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nadi_(yoga)#/media/File:SahajaSubtleSystem.svg , 

and it is the 'Midline' of the 'Tree of Life' so called, 'see, know' an 'Image, Symbol' at Site  upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Tree_of_Life%2C_Medieval.jpg ,

 by 'Shimon Bar Yochai' from the 'immortal Empire of Rome', see a 'Map' of its 'Peak' in Year '117 christian Era' at Site en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Roman_Empire_Trajan_117AD.png , 

and the 'Midline' is also mentioned by 'Dr. Kam Yuen' from 'immortal far Orient', in his 'Work of Science and Art' titled 'Q & A with Dr. K: how to strengthen your Midline', also to be appreciated as 'eBook, Kindle' at Site amazon.it , 

who was a 'Sham an' for 'immortal medical Doctor', of the 'original and final medical Tradition' also the 'ancient and future/messianic Tradition' so to phrase it, 

and 'Shaman' is indeed 'blessed Oil' from the 'biblical' Tradition, used to 'anoint' so as it is phrased, any 'sincere immortal Royal, Prophet, medical Doctor, Noble' from the 'ancient Times' that are also 'the future Times', 

and 'Sham an' is equally connected to 'Shem an' where 'Shem' has been 'presented, explained' above, 

and the 'biblical' Language is 'Avestan' from 'immortal Persia', of the 'Myth  of the Phoenix' that is 'the Soul that resurrects from the material Body' indeed, 'sse, know' an 'Image, Symbol' at Site en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Phoenix_(1583).svg , 

also called 'Av is' in 'Latin' that is from 'biblical' Language 'Av' or 'Ab', for 'Pater' in 'Latin', that is 'spiritual Nurturer' indeed, 

and of 'dual grammatical Gender' or of 'neuter grammatical Gender', to tell that it is a 'Title' that suits both 'Males and, or Females', 

and 'Avestan' is made of 'Aramaic made of Herbrew and Arabic' from 'immortal middle East', and of 'Sanskrit' from 'immortal Orient, indian Subcontinent' and of 'Greek' from 'immortal Mediterranean', 

and 'Ave' was used in 'Latin' for 'Salve' above mentioned, as a 'Greeting',  and a 'well Wish' of 'Salvation, Wellbeing' indeed, 

while 'Stan' is also used for 'Country' also in the Language of 'Today',  as in 'Afghani stan' for an Example, 

and 'Ave Maria' is used in the 'christian religious Tradition' so to put it, for 'to greet the Mother, for feminine parental Side, of Jesus Christ', 

also 'presented, exposed' as a 'Shaman' in 'Work of Science and Art' by 'Johann Georg Melchior Schmidtner' titled 'Maria Knotenlöserin' for 'Maria that undoes Knots' or 'spiritual Sort' indeed, or 'of paternal Sort' actually, see 'the Image, Symbol' at Site de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maria_Knotenlöserin#/media/Datei:Mary-Untier-of-Knots-1.jpg , 

and the 'Knots' are 'performed' so to put it, by 'Sorcerers and Sorceresses' so to name them, as 'presented, exposed' in 'Prayer, Canticle' also called 'Shir' in 'biblical' Language and 'Mantra' in 'Sanskrit' and translated as 'Song' indeed, 

titled 'AlFalq', that is a 'Sourah' for 'Song' provided the 'Resonance' with 'Shir' indeed, Number 113 of 'AlQuran' of 'Today', read at Site quran.com/al-falaq , 

while for 'Salvation, Wellbeing' from 'Witchcraft' so to name it, so to name any 'Sorcery' indeed, 

there is the 'Suggestion' or 'Commandment' in 'biblical' Book 'Isaiah', Chapter 32, Verse 17, read at Site biblehub.com/interlinear/isaiah/32.htm ,

connected to '1 Corinthians 13' by 'Shaül' and later renamed 'Paul' of the 'immortal philosophical Tradition of the middle East: of the Pharisees', read at Site biblehub.com/interlinear/1_corinthians/13.htm , 

while for a 'Suggestion' concerning 'Shalom' there is also 'Proverbs' Number 15, Verse 17, biblehub.com/interlinear/proverbs/15.htm , 

that especially 'prevents' anyone to 'fall in the Trap' so to phrase it of 'Opulence', 

and the 'Trap of Opulence' is 'presented, exposed' in 'biblical' Book 'Luke' Chapter 16, Verses 19-31, read at Site biblehub.com/interlinear/luke/16.htm , 

where 'a Dé' is both in 'Latin' for 'without G.d' so to say, also connected to 'Sanskrit' for 'without Dhy' for 'without Conscience, without Soul' 

and 'Soul' is 'the Phoenix' above mentioned, it is 'a Sparkle of the living Light, who is G.d' also called 'Chayah' in 'middle eastern Language' literally for 'Life', 

and 'Dhy' is mentioned in 'Canticle' or 'Shir' or 'Song' titled 'Savitr Mantra' for 'Canticle of the Source', also for 'Canticle of G.d' or 'Canticle of the living Light', 

from 'the Orient', that is 'Tat Savitur varenyam, Bhargo devasya dhimahi, Dhyyo yonah Prachodayat' literally for 'That is the Source of Holiness, the Light who is G.d we contemplate, Conscience of ours is the Light'.

- Make An Impact - Inspirational Video: Kind: captions Language: es-419 Todos los audios, videos, películas y canciones usados están en la descripción Ben Lionel Scott presenta Una vez que estemos en nuestro lecho de muerte No te preocuparás de cuánto dinero alguna vez tuviste O cuánto poder tuviste, Ni del prestigio Verás que todo fue un juego, que todo fue una ilusión La única cosa que importará es El impacto que hiciste en la vida de otras personas Todos estamos en caminos distintos Haz un impacto Pero lo más hermoso acerca de nuestra vida en la Tierra Es que en mi funeral No van a hablar acerca de mi éxito Van hablar acerca de quién fue Nick Y cómo Nick vivió Y cómo Nick amó Y alentó El éxito es muy importante Pero algo aún más importante que el éxito Es crear un impacto Es saber que no has estado en la Tierra en vano Es saber que porque has estado aquí Has bendecido vidas y has ayudado que personas crezcan Y has hecho de este mundo un lugar mejor El efecto que haces en otros Es la cosa más valiosa que existe Todo lo que ganaste en la vida se destruirá y desaparecerá Y lo que quedará de ti Será lo que estaba en tu corazón La vida es un espejo Y la vida no nos da lo que queremos La vida nos dice quiénes somos Cuando nacías tu lloraste mientras que el mundo se alegraba Vive de tal manera, que cuando mueras El mundo llore Mientras tu eres felíz Suscríbete para más videos inspiradores y motivacionales Subtítulado por Samuel Sánchez

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenLionelScott [52 likes]: Download this video and audio version by subscribing on PayPal, plus early access to all new videos and more. First month is free! Cancel anytime.
Sign up & more info here: http://benlionelscott.com/subscribe
  2. @LaurenMichelle2026 [1 likes]: ♾💓♾
  3. @keithedwards9498: After we die, our family will walk into where we lived and all the stuff that we worked so hard to collect, that we spend time and effort in our lives, some to the cost of everything else, and they will look at it all and say what are we going to do with all of this junk. 
Life is not about the things we collect, it about the people we collect around our lives to the point they feel
More valued than anything else.
  4. @RavinderSingh-ft5dw: Superb
  5. @asnnew24: “This video doesn’t just inspire, it creates impact. 💯”
  6. @kingbowser6991: When you’ve realized your expiration day you won’t care what ppl said about you either you’ll care If you chased you goals and dreams and put in the work.
  7. @happygwenzi5181: Thank you
  8. @motivation_club7: Hello friend. May I translate and publish your channel videos in another language?
  9. @derekwhite7634: life is a vapor! Don't waste it on nonsense!!
  10. @jackieanderson9408: 👍🏿
  11. @aryanchadha3894: amazing editing, which software do you use? @BenLionelScott
  12. @ForestViVu: great video
  13. @theresiliencedoctor001: Thank you so much for preparing this great message and sharing it!
  14. @Elizabeth4JesusAmen: That is the most powerful video i've ever watched.
  15. @mariamakorede6537: Powerful message.👏👏👏
  16. @kjhoops673: This video is so inspirational and it makes us better people and grow ❤️
  17. @SafeSpaceInc: ♥
  18. @SwordoftheSavior: Nonsense, impact on others lives means nothing if you don't share Jesus with them. The only thing that WILL matter at the end of our earthly lives is whether or not we know Jesus as Lord....period.
  19. @mohsinsayed7254: I am in Recruitment work for US market . I am a manger of small team of 10 members.

It's been few years with the startup now again the situation we did not get placements ...there is slowness in client response our efforts is there.
The candidate does not respond sometime no interview I hope we get through this situation bcz no placement no income for company tricy business sometime can give a lot sometime it's always sturggle
  20. @johnchun370: 2:07

- We are Bolt, the Fastest-Growing Tech Company in Europe: Kind: captions Language: en That was kind of fast, right? Well, that’s how we like to... roll. We are Bolt — one of Europe’s leading tech companies. With almost 100m customers and over 2000 employees, no other company of this scale moves at this... speed Here are some examples. It took us 5 years to reach 10 million customers. Now we are adding 10 million every 2 months. Instead of reducing headcount during lockdown, we added another 500 employees. And launched... scooters... and food delivery in 74 cities in 12 months. But that wasn't enough, so we launched car-sharing with Bolt Drive. That took us 4 months. Months. And grocery delivery followed — just one month later. That’s 2 new business lines in 5 months. How did we do it? Well, we don’t spend time on bureaucracy.&nbsp; Instead, we move fast in small teams. Teams where everybody acts like an owner. So, 13 owners launched Bolt Market in 1 month. So, when others are doing this… We’re doing this. As the company grows, so do we. I started as a Customer Support Specialist… and now I’m a Regional Lead. And I started as a&nbsp;recruiter… and now I’m a Global Recruitment Manager. And I’ve been here for 4.5 years, which is the Bolt average. That’s 1.5 years more than the industry average. And I joined Bolt when it was just a small Estonian startup.&nbsp; Now it’s the world’s fastest growing mobility platform.

- "Corporate" videos are boring – We're Umault, a B2B video marketing agency: Kind: captions Language: en - Why do B2B videos always have people in a conference room with generic charts and someone writing on a whiteboard? Hey, Lou, what you writing? - I have no idea. - Don't make a normal, boring corporate video. Make a video your prospects actually wanna watch. We're Umault, click the link to learn more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Crazyguyyoi [20 likes]: Editor forgot to put the link 😂
  2. @mxstudent5528 [11 likes]: "Thisisagreatvideo!Veryinformativeandwellpresented.Thanksforsharing!"
  3. @Alex-NoLife [9 likes]: An add for this came up for me presently and my interest in a company I just learned about has never been higher
  4. @Moawiah_Jamal [3 likes]: Very lovely work!
  5. @centuryheist [1 likes]: Damn! This was good
  6. @DreiiFernandes [1 likes]: 100% but sometimes its those clients just seeking for a serious corporate video for some reason. After seeing the proposal they ban the shots that they think are too fun or creative, maybe a better way to say it is they find it "inappropriate"? or "unprofessional"? but yeah, especially if its by PR or Marketing Heads but not the boss themselves. idk its weird sometimes with corpo clients
  7. @thumbihouseYOUTUBE [1 likes]: You mean a cinematic corporate video? I'm in
  8. @Biaza_TM [1 likes]: What music is being used in the end?
  9. @robbioe [1 likes]: This was good. The algo got me
  10. @leydofilm8373 [1 likes]: Could you show any your b2b corporate videos..?
  11. @OgunniyiFeyisayo [1 likes]: Nice
  12. @上原恵太郎 [1 likes]: lols.
  13. @pettywab: I'm back to shw love again.
  14. @LavishChaudhary-wb9ul: H
  15. @WFR1Y0XX99A7: Yeap. Already ai beating these thing's
  16. @WilliamSolyphus: Bye, loser 😘✌️
  17. @QUATNEWS-k1w: 😅😅😅 that's fun
  18. @williamestrada8936: ◇◇◇◇
  19. @Jess.TheConnector: cant seem to reach you through your website
  20. @linwang-pz4he: Can you help me make a video?

- Steve Jobs Secrets of Life: Kind: captions Language: en The thing I would say is when you grow up, you tend to get told that the world is the way it is and your your life is just to live your life inside the world. Try not to bash into the walls too much. uh uh try to have a nice family life, have fun, save a little money. Um but life that's a very limited life. Life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact. And that is everything around you that you call life was made up by people that were no smarter than you. And you can change it. You can influence it. You can you can build your own things that other people can use. And the minute that you understand that you can poke life and actually something will you know if you push in something will pop out the other side that you can you can change it you can mold it. Um that's maybe the most important thing is to shake off this uh this uh erroneous notion that life is is there and you're just going to live in it versus embrace it, change it, improve it, make your mark upon it. Um, I I think that's very important and however you learn that, once you learn it, uh, you'll want to change life and make it better because it's kind of messed up in a lot of ways. Um, once you learn that, you'll never be the same again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KolianYatkin [1 likes]: Yrs
  2. @KrisBelloc: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  3. @ĐăngNguyễnHải-s5b: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  4. @sadikulislam-gu8mu: I watch in 2026. But the technology revolution is so much high that i think with in 50 to 80 years in 2070-2100.  We are not able to watch this video from earth. We have very low chance to exist in earth for various reason. If you guys research on it, you will be able to find out WHY?
Ifn any one from 2070-2100 please reply👽
  5. @ABBABABANGIDA-j7h: Great video! Really enjoyed it.
  6. @BikanjaLyahindaHosea: Great job, this video was very useful!
  7. @UhvBjo: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  8. @مصطفىابوالناصح: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  9. @GraceWells-d2f: Amazing content as always!
  10. @AquileraKrantz: Thank you for the great content!
  11. @ThounprdErsvkuh: Amazing content as always!
  12. @MarthaM.Kellez: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  13. @ConnorBennett-t2e: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  14. @عظمالخالقعندكيصغرالمخلوقفيعينك: وَقُل رَبِّ زِدْنِي عِلْمًا.
اللهم ارزقنا علماً نافعاً، وفهماً ثاقباً، وعملاً صالحاً متقبّلاً، وبارك لنا في أعمارنا وأوقاتنا، وأصلح نياتنا وقلوبنا، وثبّتنا على طاعتك.
  15. @tmilee: I'm trying hard to achieve my dream, then expand on it further and make it something great, So I hope to become what I aspire to be And I will become, by the power of God
  16. @tsehlamphomela: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  17. @علىزكريا-ذ7ج: Very well done, appreciate this video!
  18. @UsmanYakubu-e2b: You explained this so well, thank you!
  19. @ShamsuMalami-l8r: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  20. @LorenRhodes-c2l: Loved this video, keep up the great work!

- BEHIND THE HEADLINES | CPH:DOX 2021 - Sær-arrangement for Dansk Journalistforbund, Kreds 1: Kind: captions Language: en on behalf of the danish union of journalists and copenhagen docs welcome to this post screening question and answer session with bastian and frederick obama my name is henrik malke i am an investigative journalist and currently science and technology correspondent at danish broadcasting and i have chosen to be here even though i am on paternity leave because i am a great fan and admirer of these two gentlemen and because we have had the honor of working together in the past and i honestly just wanted to see them again being such big hotshot journalists nowadays it's a it's a rare occurrence so i'm really happy to see you guys and congrats on the film and congrats on wow so many things that have happened since i last got to see you um i don't think you guys need much of an introduction bastian and frederick but i was thinking we could maybe start with a little sort of because now people have seen this film can you tell us a little bit about how you guys actually met and got to work together how did this partnership start um well as the older one i i may begin uh so i i got hired by the former head of our investigations department um right after my paternal leave by the way and um after like three or four months my my my boss told me that he's gonna hire the other obermeyer too and i thought he was just you know kidding and making fun because it was so silly that there were the same paper two guys with the same last name but he was being very serious and so he uh he hired the other umaya and we paired up for our first stories and as being the young guys that that's his wording um not mine and the ones who were able to work with computers he he kind of made us work together on offshore leaks um in 2012 and uh we just uh we just kept it that way and now we are working as a as a team for nine years or so and it's great fun frederick the first time i met you i was actually not able to meet you i think best in the first couple of times because we were working on the snowden leaks and uh we were super busy i think you also just became a dad frederick and bestin disappeared he was just he was busy with something else during my parental leave exactly there's a pattern here but but because the film starts with snowden can we maybe start there and talk a little bit about how the snowden experience and and panama papers tied together and and what um what happened then well i mean when the two of us when we met the first time um the whole world spoke about a brave whistleblower from the nsa telling the world what the us authorities did with the help of their allies and for me i was a big admirer of those journalists who worked with this whistleblower and then some years after bastian we were in a similar position when a whistleblower called calling himself john doe approached us and handed us what is was later known as the panama papers and when i worked on the snowden stuff i would never have imagined myself being in such a position and in such a position that there is such a responsibility so when bastar and i started working with john doe we basically learned a lot from snowden we thought a lot what can we learn from edward snowden's fate him being trapped in russia which precautions could we take over that he and glenn greenwald or poetras put in place and of course we consulted a lot of security experts who worked also with edward snowden um and learned from them and then meeting several years later after the panama papers this whistleblower in russia was basically closing a circle it was us sitting there together speaking about the nsa revelations but also about the panama papers and what it means to be a whistleblower in these days in a time when whistleblowers are unfortunately still under a lot of pressure there was a huge honor and i still remember very often those hours in moscow sitting down there and having i mean it was supposed to be a an interview but in the end it was a very nice conversation um and after that uh conversation i even more admired um what edward snowden has done what john doe has done and what uh dozens of other whistleblowers whose name we don't even know um have done in the past years helping journalists to shine light on stuff that the politicians or businessmen and the corrupt and the crooks want to hide from the public you you have been involved i think more than almost any journalist in the world in in in these mega leagues and these gigantic file bonanzas and and have managed to steer through them in a really admirable way can you talk a little bit about the relationship between you and these sources i know with snowden you had some sort of relationship with the others you had uh even less um can you talk a little bit in general about the the role of of your your role as a journalist kind of trying to maneuver these these big big files and these uh these documents and then the relationship with the supposed source this is something that obviously interests me a lot because i've been in the same situation with snowden and and it's something that i'm going to return to during this conversation how you maneuver this relationship but but just maybe start with snowden and how the the sort of relationship between you and your sources have have influenced your reporting on these different uh stories that we see during the film do you want to start bastian yeah well so we actually spoke a lot about snowden with our different sources because he's you know the the the symbol of the whistleblower and and we heard very often the sentence i don't want to end up in moscow and you know so so our aim was to help to help our sources not not to have to flee to a country like russia for safety and which is a real strange situation you know and and so um you know our job as journalists was always said los at least that's what we think was to to guard the the whistleblower and to explain what his or her deeds may or may not mean for for his or her security and so the the first step that we had to make was to make sure that we are not making a big mistake that was what fragment um said in the in his last sentences and at the same time we wanted to be helpful to our resources for them not to make a big mistake and we had many discussions with a number of sources about the questions should i should i go public should i show my my name should i should i give my motivation should i show my face even should i should i do interviews and and all those questions have to be thought about and and there may be different answers from case to gaze but the most important thing um is i think that you have to be aware as a whistleblower that you can't redo this step the step of going public you you can't you can't take it back then you know your your face is then out there your name is out there and there's no way that you can really you know steer the media so i think um we are not the ones we are not the ones making the decision if a whistleblower would go public or not but but of course we have to give advice especially to to people who have no experience with any media at all there's a there's a scene in the film where you bastion are in malta it's very hot and you're going back to to daphne galicia's house i'm very impressed that you managed to stay so classy in your clothes in spite of the the very hot climate there um but talk a little bit about because this seems to be a point where this gets personal for you where the the fate of of daphne galicia weighs on you personally um and and of course in these big projects with so many other people um it is inevitable i can imagine that that it gets under your skin and that the relationship with the source becomes complicated um can you talk a little bit about that scene where you're in galicia and you see the place where she was killed and and you sort of um i i can imagine it's very different when you're actually there um talk about what what what that was like and what what reflections it's uh brought to you about uh your relationship with the with the sources but also of course the the people you worked with in these projects well when when i was standing there in the meadow where she was um was killed when she was found dead um [Music] mostly thought about her son matthew karana galicia with whom we um felik and me have have worked numerous times and who is a very dear friend and and we had contact on the day that his his mother was killed and he asked us to to tell the story to the people and and the public when we asked what we can do to help and i think that this is kind of you know the most we can do um and when when when we are doing big stories then the one thing is you know do the reporting and the fact checking and and this stuff and the other thing is what what happens after when we did the panama papers for example we always had the big fear that someone gets killed because we shared the documents you know it some one of our friends in the world some one of the 400 reporters may have gotten killed or the source may have gotten killed and we thought and spoke about how that would would weigh on us and but there was no so we we just we just couldn't imagine it so we we stopped the discussion because you you can't imagine something like that and then daphne got killed and then jan gucciak got killed and they they both weren't killed very likely because of the panama papers relations from jan's case we know that from daphne it very likely had to do with her revelations that were near to the panama papers case but you know the big the big question that our source had asked us back then would it be my fault if someone gets and you can't answer that because i mean it's not but still you know trondo started it and we shared the documents so the stories got out and i think it did a lot of good but it may also have you know some very bad sights and you gotta live with that frederick when we worked together it was a small setup with i think maybe 10 journalists involved but at three different media and we already had some friction happening because of that and i remember us discussing that back then and yet you've managed to work with hundreds of journalists and and without any at least to my knowledge big big mishaps can you talk a little bit about this management i guess it is of of of actually keeping things secret with so many people involved and also technically and practically executing without flaws um because i think one of the things that i admire most about about you guys is how structured and orderly and and and rigorous you have been and why that is so important in investigative journalism can you talk a little bit about that um frederick i must admit i had some audio problems i could only hear your last words okay um how did you manage to keep so many people working together and keep it secret and safe and also manage all these people um because that is an incredible feat having just worked with you and 10 journalists that was already hard well i think that was that's still a miracle to be honest that it worked more or less we already from the beginning had a plan b we had emergency plans what happens if somebody something leaks out because we all know journalists talk a lot um especially when they drink a beer or or a wine or two beers or two glasses of wine so for us it was the biggest challenge from the beginning on to explain to our colleagues and what is at stake that we have a source here that we have a responsibility for the source but also for our colleagues we had meetings here in munich that were under pretend texts that we basically told our other colleagues here sutaji who didn't know about the panama papers revelations that this is only an international meeting of journalists um but at that meeting we had um colleagues from russia from africa from latin america stepping up and telling all of us what's at stake for them that they their lives would could be a danger if something leaks out before their greek publication date and i think that is what kept this group together that everybody understood there is so much at stake that and nobody wanted to be the one journalist um who whose fault it is that this story um gets blown out to the public before the agreed state and thereby puts a source in danger um our colleagues and therefore i think one of our lessons that i must admit i learned from journalists like you um and i only repeat it um is one of the rules was shut up and encrypt encrypt all your stuff encrypt your messages encrypt your hard drive and i still remember you um sitting down with me and telling me how encryption works um how the the best tricks works uh and i learned a lot from you and from all the journalists who worked with edward snowden so we basically repeated again what we learned from the snowden case because we were well aware of the fact that everything that we had um on our laptops needs to be encrypted that every communication needs to be encrypted and that is i think many of us had to learn a lot um it was basically building a plane while sitting on a plane there were colleagues from different parts of the world for they don't have the best equipment so icaj did an amazing job teaching them teaching us consulting with us and i think that was what made the panama paper such a success in the end um i should mention we have a bunch of audio uh journalists watching and you're of course super welcome to send questions uh in the youtube chat and i will see them here in front of me and and ask them in a minute um something that was new to me watching this film was the role of your editor-in-chief which i found really fascinating and um i wonder if you can talk a little bit about something that's fascinating for me for example is you go up to this office and you use the german term z um to for for your boss which for me is is is a very different culture than than i've worked in and yet he seems to be able to to to sort of put you guys in a place where you are able to carry out some of these it's most visible in the film in the ibiza affair and and noticed at one point right after publication he tells you very pointedly not to become too triumphant after a publication and and i want to talk a little about his role and how how you guys managed to keep doing these things how you managed to not become um you know total uh after all the success you've had and and still managed to stay very stringent and and never proud or or arrogant about your your work because that must be hard well i don't know if it's that hard not to become an i think it's uh manageable um so our relationship with mr grace is kind of special because um he used to be an investigative reporter himself at der spiegel which is a very small and not a really important magazine in germany still he was working there and so so he knows exactly what we're doing and that's unbelievable worth for to have a boss who does not come with you know with requests that are from another world and with silly ideas but you know someone who really knows what what we are talking about and what we have to enter and what we have to do and and it's a little embarrassing but whenever he reads our pieces he has really really good ideas what to change that's when we are most embarrassed when we have to admit that he's right and he's right again i mean it's as every boss we have our we have our difficulties with him but he's having our backs and and that was very very necessary when we did panama papers already then he was the one that we spoke a lot and he was responsible for this part of the paper and he still is and and and yes he he's he's also watching us very closely and whenever he has the the impression that um we are flying too high then he's giving uh us a warning you know to come back to planet earth but um we think is that something that happens often because you you have you you are at a point now where you already achieved more than most journalists would dream of in their entire life is there a point where he says okay enough with this uh daphne project or enough with this iranian arms dealer or what happens we don't see a lot of that in the film but i'm wondering not really in this way so he's not interfering in in our projects he's not telling us what to do and and what to what not to investigate and he would never he would never say stop the deafness or the other thing it's it's more like you know when he gets the feeling that we are we are giving too many interviews or stuff like so yeah but it didn't happen really often honestly maybe one or two times i i have a question uh from a viewer which uh which ties together with another question i had namely you you are such big names now is that is that making source contact harder now um and i wanted to ask because there's a scene in the film where you're at the munich security conference and you take one of the participants out for a walk and and you're talking about how being at the conference people watch each other and they might guess each other's stories so has this changed for you is it harder now well it depends with some sources um the first contact is easier because it's you have a better entry if you tell somebody that you are from switzerland because that doesn't ring a belt to be honest with most sources especially when they're not from germany but if you mention that you have done or have been part of the panama papers that helps a lot and that opens doors on the other hand side it's sometimes more difficult to speak with people where you don't want to raise that much suspicion so approaching somebody low profile doesn't work that well anymore after the panama papers but of course at a conference like the munich security conference every journalist watch watches his or her colleagues um it's always like you see who is talking with whom and you could already guessing i could already guess who is working on which uh story uh from the people he or she is speaking with so that's a really for my experience i don't like to work in this environment to be honest i rather work um in places where i can meet the source in a park um go out for a walk or stuff like that and don't have to be that cautious with whom i speak and who is maybe watching there's a there's a number of different stories that are presented throughout this film um but the crux of the film is about the i'm interested in your source relationship with that particular project because it seems the most murky and the most uh dubious can you talk a little bit about how that happened and what has happened after because it's you keep dropping leads throughout the film until at a certain point you talk about now you're going to a pizza and then you talk about they the people that work with you on the on the files and you have to wear these glasses and it's all very professional can you talk a little about how that that whole thing happened and also how you managed to be working on a documentary film while having to juggle these different sensibilities around your sources and the crew i imagine that has followed you around bastian do you want to try yeah yeah i can start it's it's always hard to know who should answer i'll i'll say yes i mean it was um one of the most most complicated cases because we did not really understand what was going on and we asked many questions and we could fact check what we get got for answers and we had many conversations and you always try to stay put and to hold contact and but but in the end we could only guess you know if we would get a hold of the material at any given days so it was really an investigation where many times when when the two of us spoke about it we said like you know probably we'll never get the video and we'll never make the story and then you know after the next meeting we thought oh maybe maybe we will get it and um the hard thing was that um we didn't really know what how we could help you know um so we just could explain the way we are working we explained that we need the video in our hands we need to have a forensic expert to look at the file and to tell us that it's not being manipulated and we needed we needed time and we needed the trust and we would give nothing back so we made it very clear that we are never paying for information and and material whatsoever um not a single euro not a cent and but but yeah so it was really um but what was the deal with the documentary director saga like was he was he did did you have to edit things out afterwards or was it easy all along or or was that complicated because you must have had conversations or are you always this aware of your surroundings that you don't make any mistakes when there's a i would be glad if that would be the case but no um of course there was um sagar daniel um there was at a certain point in time i mean he followed us for so many months so yeah there was a base of trust we trusted him he trusted us but of course there was this mutual understanding that if source protection is at stake that there would be a way of communicate that this or that part could not be um in the video and it's important to point out at this point he never met the source um so he never um saw anyone only any individual that was con uh connected to us sending over a video showing us the video because there was something that we would not have wanted um and i'm sure um the source neither so this was something that was not possible um i have another question which kind of ties to an overarching theme in this in this uh film about you which is the the sort of the era that this depicts was a time when when there's never been more attacks on the press and the trustworthiness of journalism has been more under siege and i want to talk a little bit about how you manage that and how sort of what advice you have to young reporters or reporters watching this about how to maintain um a sober and and and fact-based trustworthy journalism and where you see maybe your contributions uh going in in the future so that that i imagine it stays this way well i think um one thing that we've had we've learned over the years that we have to be more more transparent about the way we're working as we used to be so um when i started at the paper there was one of the most important sentences um was that we don't write about ourselves and we like the wind but we don't make the wind was one of the saying of former bosses that we we have to explain a lot more and and part of this is um the people don't know how how tourism is done in many aspects so um for example when we tell people that we are never paying for information that's news to to many of them you know and in this case we knew that mr strz would fight fighters you know until the last uh uh drop of blood in his vein reigns um so what we did we we tried to to fact check you know like everything we could not give him an entry so we did not only do the forensic guy with the video but we also had a russian translator who is certifying hershey and language at courts and we also had a lawyer who was watching the video and was um certifying that what we have you know as quotes in our our pieces is being said except in the drive to to make as much as we could you know really really hard and and for no one to just toss away i'm being told that we're out of time but we do have time for one short question and answer what's next what are you guys working on now and what would you really like to do you're you're incredibly young both of you but i imagine that there are still things you'd like to to break open and report on well enrique you're an amazing journalist and you ask amazing questions but i'm really sorry that that's the question we cannot uh reveal yet um but um i i mean i can speak i think for both of us we are looking forward to uh investigations other colleagues because with uncollaborative efforts because that's the way how we like to work as a team as a team in germany but also as a team with journalists from other parts of the world and also we would be more than happy to work with journalists from denmark again thank you both very very much and congrats on the film and everything thank you thank you great phone thank you

- How Headlines Brainwash You 🧠 | A Forensic Breakdown of Media Manipulation": Kind: captions Language: en Gunfire near the White House. What really happened? Just let that sit for a second, right? In literally eight words, the source hits us with a massive sense of urgency, a highstakes setting, and this immediate mystery. It's incredibly efficient writing. But look, as investigators of information, our job isn't just to feel that suspense. It's to completely dismantle it and understand the machinery behind it. Part one, the inciting incident. Anatomy of a headline. Let's look at this isolated piece of text not just as a catchy headline, but as our primary piece of forensic evidence. So, this headline delivers its payload sequentially in three very distinct phases. First up, we have the action gunfire. Bam. It's this explosive, alarming noun that instantly grabs your attention and screams danger. Second, we get the location near the White House. And this is clever because it takes an abstract danger and grounds it in a specific, highly secure, globally recognized environment. It takes a local incident and instantly elevates it to a national or even international level of importance. And third, we have the hook. What really happened? This right here is the psychological anchor. It implies a mystery. It basically suggests that whatever initial assumptions you might have, there's a deeper hidden truth just waiting to be uncovered. These three elements, they work together flawlessly to basically guarantee they've got your attention. Moving on to section two, analyzing the source, examining boundaries. We're going to parse the specific words we've been given, keeping in mind that we are strictly examining the boundaries of this text without taking any political sides whatsoever. Now, what's really interesting about this slide is the geographical ambiguity of that crucial little word near. The textbook definition is simple enough, right? located a short distance away, close in proximity. But in the context of Washington DC, in a highly secure area like the White House, what does near actually mean forensically? Are we talking on the lawn, across the street at Lafayette Square, three blocks down, a mile away? The word near does a ton of heavy lifting to make you feel like the White House itself was under direct threat, but factually speaking, it's an incredibly vague measurement. It's essentially an information void that's been cleverly disguised as a specific detail. Just look at the stark contrast here between the implied narrative and the actual explicit facts. When your brain sees this headline, it instantly fills in the gaps with the most dramatic scenario possible. Right? Immediate danger, a massive security breach, total chaos. But what are the explicit facts? Well, all we actually know from the text itself is merely that a sound, gunfire, happened at an unspecified, totally undefined distance from a famous building. And that space, that space between the implied narrative and those sparse explicit facts, that is exactly where all the emotional manipulation of a headline lives. And this brilliantly illustrates the ultimate master stroke of the source. Look how it ends. It ends on a question. What really happened? The source deliberately, entirely withholds the answer. It sets up the premise of gunfire. It sets this dramatic stage near the White House and then it completely stops. Just hits the brakes. It forces your own imagination to take over. By asking the question instead of, you know, actually providing the facts, the text practically guarantees that you're going to stay engaged, searching for an answer that this specific text simply does not possess. Finally, section three, the final verdict. Let's summarize the findings of our micro investigation into this exceptionally brief little text. So, the crucial point is, how do we actually navigate this when we see it in the wild? Well, it boils down to a simple three-step process. Step one, isolate the claim. You've got to strip away the emotion and look only at the basic nouns and verbs. Step two, search the text for context. Are there dates, times, specific distances, or named individuals? In our source today, there were absolutely none. And step three, recognize the information void. You really have to acknowledge when a source is designed to make you feel something rather than actually teach you something. This is exactly how you responsibly analyze a provocative headline when literally no further information is provided. The absolute most important takeaway from our entire explainer today is this. The evidence ends at the question mark. That's it. There is no supplementary text here. There's no accompanying article. In this specific analysis, the true story is the complete lack of information. This single sentence is a really powerful, undeniable lesson in source limitations. It shows us exactly how easily an entire wild narrative can be spun out of just eight carefully selected words and how absolutely crucial it is to recognize where the actual facts end, where the psychological hook begins. Which leaves us with a final thought for you to ponder based on that massive information void we just analyzed. I want you to really ask yourself, what specific forensic evidence or contextual facts would you absolutely need to see next to definitively answer this headline's premise? What exact data would bridge that gap between the implied narrative and the explicit facts? Keep that critical lens sharp. Question the boundaries of literally every headline you read and never stop demanding the actual context behind the catchphrase. Thanks so much for joining me on this deep dive and keep asking the right questions.

- Headlines: Murdoch, Cameron's secret meetings: Kind: captions Language: en show you some of this morning's headlines from around the globe former chinese leader boshilai spied on other top chinese officials according to the new york times china's president even had his phone tap it is part of a scandal that cost boshilai his job and rocked the chinese government his wife is now accused of arranging the murder of a british consultant the miami herald reports on a flap in the city of miami to bring in more money city officials are considering selling ad space on all public property that includes lampposts fire hydrants and the size of public buildings one critic calls the idea an obscenity the chicago tribune says there's been a breakthrough in talks over college football's national championship commerce conference commissioners are working to overhaul the bcs which decides who's number one the new proposals are expected to bring significant changes and britain's daily mail reports prime minister david cameron's secret meetings with rupert murdoch murdoch is under a second day of questioning in london today in the phone hacking investigation yesterday we learned murdock had four meetings with cameron that were previously that were not previously known we'll have more on the murdoch hearings coming up in our next hour you

- How To Write A Killer YouTube Shorts Script That Is Impossible To Skip: Kind: captions Language: en This video I uploaded got 34 million views, whilst this one only got 30,000. Why? Well, it's all because of the first couple seconds. Your hook is by far the most important part of any YouTube short. And after thousands of hours and billions of views, I finally figured out how to make the perfect intro. I'm going to start by telling you the three most important tips for writing your hook. And then I'll break down each individual sentence in a script. pretty much showing you how important every single second is. The number one most vital part about writing your intro is that you need to get straight to the point. You are literally fighting for attention every time you start a YouTube short because it doesn't require attention for people to watch your video. They just scroll, see it, and they'll only decide to watch you if you've provided enough information for them to stick around to the end. Secondly, everything you write in your intro has to lead up to the payoff of your video. We'll talk about this in a sec, but pretty much every single word I write in my scripts is so calculated to the point that I know it's going to happen in the next 30 seconds, so I can lead them perfectly into it. So, if you don't tease the viewer and really make them interested in what you're saying, these brain rock kids are going to scroll off your video before they even have a chance to watch it. But that's why lastly, it's so important to not add any extra fluff or things that don't contribute to what your video is actually about. The whole point of your short is to make the experience satisfying and good to the viewer. And if you're not giving them what they want, aka the satisfying point of the video where they think, "Okay, I clicked on this and I'm happy." You're going to see your attention dip like this, which is exactly what you don't want in order to make your video go viral and start making you some money. The algorithm can immediately detect when a viewer gets bored from your video. And all it takes is one bad sentence. So that's why I'm about to take you through every sentence of a typical script, one by one, and give you the best advice I know on how to perfect each word. Oh, and at the end, I'm going to get a YouTube shorts expert making over $20,000 a month to critique my advice to see if what I'm about to teach you actually works. I'm pretty confident I will. >> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. That's pretty good. That's a good one. >> Like I said, the best hook catches your audience's attention instantly with either super eye-catching visuals or even psychological triggers that can pretty much guarantee they are going to be interested. For example, the reason why this video shown in the intro did so well is because it's extremely controversial. I mean, literally, just watch the first few seconds. >> Have you ever wondered why Asian people have such small eyes? >> At first glance, what's being said in that intro sounds insane, but if you think about it, we're adding a controversial figure in the first couple seconds that almost everybody can recognize. It's interesting. A lot of people will have wondered this before, been too afraid to ask about the topic, but now we're literally giving them permission to be curious about it in a funny and enticing way. Whilst you watch this though, compare it to the video that completely flawed. >> Have you ever experienced a weird feeling that something has already happened before, even though you know it hasn't? >> The concept isn't interesting. The visuals are kind of ass. And at first glance, they should be super obvious why the first video got so many more views than this one. I think an even better example is this video I uploaded on Slam Dunk that got over 12 million views. >> Do you know why Mr. Beast turned down $1 billion? >> The hook is perfect and it's almost guaranteed to catch the viewers's interest. $1 billion is a ton of money and you're immediately left wondering why he declined it. The first sentence's only job is to tell the viewer exactly what they need to know in the most direct way possible. There simply is not a way to give a viewer this information faster, but at the same time, we showed tons of clips of Mr. beast on the screen in super fast pace to give the viewer that visual information as well. The best thing about this Mr. Beast intro as well is that everyone pretty much knows who he is. And so using him as much as possible in the video whilst relating it to the context of what we're talking about is going to get everyone's attention to stay until after the intro. But now that you've got their attention for the first few seconds, what do you actually do now? Not having a good supporting hook is like getting a girl's attention and then having no idea what you're going to say to her. It's just going to be awkward. Trust me, I'm speaking from experience here. So, once you've established what the video is about and actually hooked the viewers into the first couple seconds, you can't let them escape. You've got their minds focused on you, now you need to keep them. You want to subvert the viewers expectations, add context, and make it even more interesting for them than they initially thought it even could be. Overd delivering on view expectations is what make videos go viral. That's why the word clickbait is so famous. You click a video because you think there's going to be something and then there isn't and then you want to click off. But what if you hook the viewer in with something insane, but then make the rest of the video even crazier? In this example, the supporting hook poses two of the most possible reasons as to why Jimmy might have declined so much money. It guesses what the viewer might be thinking, but then tells them they're totally wrong. This sends them into a frenzy of wanting to actually figure out what's going on. And this is the type of psychology that you want to be using in your videos. Don't give them what they want right away. Make them fight for it. Make them think they're right, but they're actually wrong. There's so many tactics you can be using that we're going to get into later. But for now, let's continue. This specific part of the script creates a huge amount of interest as the answer that the majority of people were thinking get completely ruled out. And so now they're left wondering what the reason really is, and they're sure of the fact that it's going to be something that they didn't already know, which is what actually gets them excited. I'm not going to lie, this is psychological manipulation, but it works way too well. You're not just making them curious, you're making them actually feel smart at the same time. You tell them they're wrong, then make them feel as though they need to prove their intelligence by figuring out the real answer and watching to the end. It's addictive, and there's a way to exploit this even more as you go through the video. It's also important to remember that not all videos necessarily need a supporting hook, as sometimes a story is just interesting on its own. One of our most popular videos on Slam Dunk didn't have a supporting hook at all. The concept of a YouTuber going to an unconted tribe just spoke for itself. This YouTuber discovered a forgotten tribe of people and recorded it. Last week, the YouTuber YBS Young Bloodoods uploaded a video called Living on the Forgotten Islands of Vanuatu. >> So, we didn't need to waste time selling the viewer further. So, congratulations. You've got the viewers attention, something 99% of shorts creators will never be able to do. So, don't fumble it. The next few sentences are just as important as this when you set the scene. Going into sentences three and four is super important because this is where all goes into setting your actual scene for your video. At this point in the script, I'll set a timeline or a location. I then go into actually developing the context of the video and slowly lead into the payoff. I'm not the best drawer. This is the best I could do. Please don't get mad. See, in our Mr. Beast video, we said that he went on a podcast and admitted he received a billion dollar offer from a private company. We then quickly explain the details of the offer, adding context to what we just said, saying things like it included all 18 of his channels and all of his companies. There's no real reason to waste time on explaining these details too in depth because the viewers likely already know. And if they don't, they can figure it out from the simple context that you provide them. So don't insult your audience's intelligence by overexlaining really simple things. It won't help your attention and it might actually kill your video. And now in just two more sentences, the viewer pretty much has all the context they need to actually understand the story that you're telling in your YouTube short. And if we did things right, they should actually be even more curious now. But we're not done just yet. We then spend maybe one or two more sentences actually selling the stake of the video, saying that if Mr. Beast accepts the offer, he'd be the world's first YouTube billionaire and the youngest self-made billionaire of all time. So why the hell would he turn it down? This is crucial because now we've just turned curiosity into an investment. It's not just why did he say no anymore. It's why did he give up becoming the youngest self-made billionaire of all time. It's a completely different much stronger type of interest for the exact same topic all because we wrote it in a very specific way. It's basic human psychology for them to now want to keep watching. And you can even slowly tease the viewer and give them hints as to what the payoff might actually be at the end. Or as I actually put it phrased in my course video specifically, edge them, but don't make them come. Yeah, I don't know what the 17-year-old version of me was doing. But it actually works because in this video we did about Mr. Beast's rich janitor, we kept who it was a total mystery until the very end. But whilst teasing it throughout the entire video, saying that the fans loved him, and the comments just kept asking for way more of him. It's possible that the viewers might figure out what the payoff is before it actually happens, but humans want to be 100% right. so bad that most of the times, as long as they're not 100% of the way there, they'll stick to the end to figure it out. It makes a viewer feel like they're actively solving a puzzle and not just passively watching content that doesn't do anything for them, even though it's pretty much the same thing. And that's when in the very last few seconds of the video, you give them exactly what they want. In this case, it was telling the viewers that the janitor was actually Chandler, or in the case of the billion-dollar deal, all we simply said is that he denied it because he thought the offer was too low. all of that buildup, tension, curiosity, and questioning to a very simple payoff that still gives the viewer what they wanted because we answered the question they had been trying to figure out the entire time. Now, the payoff is obviously the most satisfying part of a video, but it needs to be delivered correctly. Don't just drag it out. Get to the point, deliver the answer instantly, and then end the video because the second the viewer gets what they came for, they are clicking off. There is absolutely no reason for them to continue sticking around. But there's actually one more sentence that could skyrocket your engagement and viewership, and that is the call to action. This is quite literally the only time you should ever go off topic in a video, but even then, it's best if you can tie it in. For example, when we would make these Mr. Beast videos, we would say, "Subscribe if you love Chandler," or "Subscribe if you knew who it was the entire time. This way, you're asking them to do something for you that they wouldn't necessarily want to, but because it's tied to the actions that they put into the video themselves, there is a very high chance that they could actually engage and give you what you want, therefore pushing that video out even more. And that in a very digestible form is how to write a perfect script. But what does an actual YouTube Shorts expert think? I hit up a guy making over $30,000 a month posting faceless YouTube shorts who wanted to stay anonymous for this video and sent him a script that I wrote following this exact same framework. So, I'm about to hop on a call with him and see what he rates it. But the catch is he has no idea who I am because I am on a completely fake account. And after I told him who I was, he didn't want his name in the video. But this is what he had to say. >> Yo, can you hear me? >> Yes, sir. >> I mean, it's a pretty good hook, not going to lie. You stating off right off the get getgo to like popular people and you start off by saying that and stating that I show speed hates Mr. Beast. So, you're pretty much creating already uh a plot for the people to make them question, right? And then you continue by stating, "But what could Mr. Beast possibly have done to make the biggest dreamer in the world this mad?" And it's correct. You're pretty much reading the thoughts of the people, right? So, you give a little bit of a context. I feel like you see where you put the5 to$10 million the pretty much the how expensive was the I feel like it would have been better if you would have added that amount more in the beginning maybe possibly even in the hook not even in the hook but you know somewhere in the first 5 seconds of the video. >> Yeah. So saying something like >> I should be hates Mr. Beast over $5 million or something along those lines to kind of just get it in early. >> In the payoff and even in the hook I would have stated something like scamming. I know for a fact whenever you talk about scam, specifically when you talk about Mr. Beast, however unethical it might be, you got attached though to to it. You know, that's the game that we play. >> I think one thing that's good in this script is like the rehooks. So like for example, after the context, we say, "Oh, but how did this situation turn into speed hating Mr. Beast?" >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. You you pretty much remind the people why they're actually on the video to begin with. Exactly. That's pretty good. I like also how you added that. So, at the end, I'm thinking you're trying to do like the loop effect on the video. Is that right? >> Yeah, exactly. One thing as well is I think for the payoff, I wanted to keep it like as short and sweet as possible because after all the context, I just wanted to get straight into what the reason for all of this was because once people get the information that they want, there's no reason for them to be around for a video anymore. >> Exactly. Exactly. That's why the path should always be in the third quarter of the video. So, um yeah, that that would be it to be honest. That would be it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dbittonextra [21 likes]: Claim 60 Done-For-You YouTube Shorts 👉 https://gateway.ytportal.io/framelabs







you clicked read more SUBSCRIBE
  2. @justepicclipz [3 likes]: I won't quit
  3. @CrosswalkToJesus [1 likes]: Thanks for your Killer YouTube Short Script video..can't wait to apply to my channel.
  4. @SpotlightTheory1: Very informative video!❤
  5. @aronguttin1976: Great content, I applied it, and the video performed better than usual.
  6. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice
  7. @DellanoStory: Commenting
  8. @NiMUSIC25: thank you very much hope one day dreammmm come true
  9. @ItsReactRealm: God damn this guy scripts are amazing
  10. @buckybarz3779: Get to the fucking point!
  11. @FurLOL12: Yo. I saw your podcast and it great to see some advice
  12. @PlanMotiff: daniel i like how you put it, but most of those are for faceless, how about struggling artist like me?
  13. @Aryamethod: Man, u have the best video on this topic. This video needs more views, ppl are watching the wrong ppl
  14. @shubniggurath47: Wow, that's an awesome guide. Thank you!
  15. @Rika-shortsz: im tryinggg
  16. @JordanTee-Shorts: Nice one 🎉
  17. @Moneyl1ft: Bro is not trying to copy zack d. films 💀
  18. @ViralDose-05: Great video. This will help me a lot.
  19. @sagacloudnetwork: On Veroosy social blades say $4 - $65
Monthly Estimated Earnings. Where is the rest?
  20. @MagdalenaLopez-j2s: woa

- How to choose the RIGHT music for your video: Kind: captions Language: en foreign for how I choose the best music for my videos because you're probably making one big mistake I used to do it too I just made a whole big travel series on my recent Iceland trip with Peter and epidemic sound asked me to break down how I chose the music for the final travel film thanks epidemic sound for sponsoring this video and for taking us on that trip if you need music for your videos it's definitely the best place check the link down below and excuse my voice I'm still recovering from being really sick and for this video I actually used three different songs to tell or enhance different parts of the story I was trying to tell the First Act is is kind of all about Nostalgia my journey how I was inspired to travel the world and capture it on video then the second act or part is why I stopped and the reasons explore it and that travel feels is back news flash if you didn't see it and the third act or outro is almost like a credits or bloopers so how do we find a song that fits each of those parts of my story okay so here is the biggest tip that I can give you forget about personal preference forget about genres and the types of music that you like throw that out for a second and think first what story are you trying to tell and for me trying to figure out a mood or feeling or emotion that fits that story is much easier than trying to think should I use an indie song or a hip-hop song for this video for example Act One needed to be nostalgic kind of feel good remembering the past but also needs to be epic because look at the footage look at Iceland it's insane it can't just be it has to be epic Iceland is wild and the music has to be on the same level the first thing I do when I'm looking for music is pop open epidemic sound it's my go-to literally I'd say about 99 of the videos I've made in the last year or so have been epidemic sound songs and that's because they have such a huge library and they're always adding new songs to it so I never get stuck listening to the same songs over and over and over again which will drive you mad but these tips they still apply no matter where you find your music oh and I almost forgot uh new nmo drop if you missed it uh we got two new hoodies we got this really cool light gray one and a burgundy one we have new shorts and towels I know it's that summer but in case you didn't realize uh the world is kind of crazy and that was supposed to arrive a long time ago but we're putting them out anyways because I don't know it's fun plus everybody needs a comfortable pair of Home shorts I don't know if you wear short time but I always do and they have zippered Pockets so important so your phone's not falling out every two seconds and you're probably gonna go on a beach vacation so get one of the towels it's got a pocket it's the coolest thing ever uh yeah check out the nmo drop treat yourself help others back to the music now usually when I get onto academic sound I kind of get warmed up a little bit so I'll listen to some of the songs that epidemic suggests on the Discover side first the more of what you like which is similar songs to the ones that I've used before the ones that I've liked or downloaded and then I'll go through the staff picks because usually there's some really great songs in there of all genres which can kind of spark ideas or different takes on your story that you might not have thought at first and usually I'll end up downloading a few of those songs but they probably won't fit the exact video that I'm working on right now and that's when I head over to the browse Tab and this is very important probably the biggest breakthrough that I've had in finding the right songs and fast efficiently and not spending hours and hours I always go to mood now I don't care about the genre as much as I do about the mood the emotion or the feeling that the song evokes so I know for sure the song has to be epic because Iceland but then I'm also gonna narrow it down with another mood and I kind of want it to be happy but not really not necessarily happy I don't want it to be too dark or suspenseful or anything so I think dreamy might be the right mood because it's kind of nostalgic we're looking back in time and then I'll just start listening to songs and right away the first song is great but it's it's maybe a bit too serious I Think I Love The Vibes Verizon the kind of sci-fi okay that's a that's a good start nah nah that doesn't work okay what's this I like this let's go to where it picks up a little bit and Bam this is exactly what I need epic massive hits perfect for editing too it has a really nice nostalgic kind of happy sad vibe to it and again for me the Sci-Fi hits really well with Iceland because it it just looks like you're on mars or something easy win and that song worked so well right away when I started editing with it I could just tell it was enhancing the story and bringing it to life better than I could have even imagined and I could have just used this one song for the whole video but I think it would have gotten a bit boring and just kind of the same over and over and over again and it's also a good signal for the viewer to change the song like something new is happening something different is being revealed we're moving on to the next thing so don't be scared of changing up the song If there's a better song that tells the next part of your story so for act two I wanted something that kind of wakes you up that first song is a little bit dreamy a little bit slow and so I want something that's a little bit more aggressive and lots of different musical elements that I can edit to and kind of pick up the speed of the edit I don't want you to fall asleep so this is the time to kind of just hit you with a couple punches and really wake you up but also the storyline is a bit more aggressive now it's talking about all the things going on my head the battles the doubts and all that stuff and I want it to be even more epic now so again let's start off with moods and let's definitely start with epic that's that's easy because it's Iceland and crazy but on this one it might be more dark I think dark might be the mood that I'm looking for because it's talking about all the the struggles and all that stuff so let's start listening this song nah it's a bit of a mess song nothing special nothing about it draws attention that's because it's more vocal driven if you listen to the vocal version it makes more sense but I don't want vocals because there's a voice over it's not a bad song but it doesn't fit what I need here where I need the music to really drive the visuals this song is kind of just the same the whole time I need a little more variety I need High pace and some slow downs and build ups to really emphasize the story and the visuals and different parts of the things that I'm saying this song is really good but the mood is off I think I need something that's a little bit darker still almost maybe a little bit more angrier and then as soon as I heard this intro I was like okay I can already see the fpv shots rolling through with this part and then it gets dark tons of musical elements to edit to this is exactly what I need and one of the funnest songs that I've added to in a really long time I really feel like it fit absolutely perfectly and maybe if I spend hours and hours and hours of time I might have found a little bit better song but for me this song really just enhance the storyline and that's what I'm trying to do with this music I'm trying to enhance the storyline I almost want it to be so the music and the visuals and the voiceover in this case all just fit into one and you're not really paying attention to the music per se you're getting this whole total experience and then for the end credits kind of bloopers I wanted to be happy for sure I wanted to leave you with a smile after you know a little bit of that heaviness and there's a bunch of goofy stuff so I wanted the song to be a bit silly I guess so I went with happy and eccentric because I think eccentric is kind of that that silly Vibe and this one took a little bit longer to find the songs just weren't feeling right and I was just listening to song after song after song Until I heard this one and right away that same sci-fi Vibes fits really well and it's actually the same Artist as the first song so that's perfect fits the video yo nicely and it definitely has a happy vibe to it and a little hint of like 80s silliness okay I do like the 80s Vibes that's that's where a little bit of the personal preference comes in but you can't listen to this and just not be in a good mood I feel like it right away brings that that happy good feelings Positive Vibes that I wanted to bring for the end credits and that's how I found the best songs for my Iceland travel film and your Iceland travel film will be totally different depending on your storyline what you're trying to communicate those same songs that I chose might not fit for your video it all depends on what your story is and what emotions you're trying to evoke what are the moods that you want people to feel and to be a part of and a few other crucial tips keep looking until you find the right song that fits keep looking if feels off if it feels boring or just it's not fitting then that's a good sign that it's not the right song for you right now for that video it doesn't fit some songs are just kind of meh background songs you don't want to draw attention you just wanted to be there in the background quietly but if you want music driving your edit like I did for this travel film there's got to be something interesting to it it can't just be like um yep it has to enhance your storyline and not bore them to death and also do not forget about sound design it's unreal what a difference a little bit of sound design can do and again it's the same principles what visual are you trying to add life to through sound what emotions what do you want the audience to be feeling and then you find sound effects that fit that is it a heartbeat to try to you know build a little bit of a connection with the audience or is it just a loud cold wind to make them feel a little more what it was like being there and even just to enhance edits and to bring life to your footage but overall the main thing is not Everyone likes your music music is very personal but if you really like let's say heavy metal music and you're always using heavy metal music in your videos what is that communicating to the audience well frustration and anger aggressiveness and meanwhile you're trying to tell a story about how happy you are doesn't quite fit there's nothing wrong with heavy metal but that's signaling a certain thing to the audience and if it's not the right signal then it's the wrong song for your video choose moods not genres that is the biggest advice that I can give to you to finding the right song The Best Song for your video thanks so much epidemic sound for being an incredible company to work with and for putting together the ultimate Iceland trip it probably the best trip one of the best at least trips of my life it was incredible the people behind epidemic sound are so nice and just fun to be around too and thanks epidemic sound for literally sound tracking my channel I don't think I could make these videos without you guys I hope this helped you guys have a great day I'll see you guys in the next one bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @secondclasshobo. [57 likes]: Felt like one piece of advice and 13 minutes of adverts, if you're gonna promote your merchandise, do it at the end not 3 minutes in PLEASE.
  2. @mattih [37 likes]: The Epidemic Sound promo ends Dec 11 so get on that while you can 🙌🏻 😊
  3. @Akkigraphy [31 likes]: I'm sorry to say but the video is more about how to find the music on Epidemic rather than the process towards choosing the right music for the video, which could apply to any platform....
  4. @cinematicsounds. [2 likes]: Nice work on this. We make cinematic-style royalty-free music if you're ever looking for something fresh to use in your edits. Just search for CinematicSounds.
  5. @sober041978 [2 likes]: Crappy music.
  6. @ningombamleishemba6443 [1 likes]: what the fk this guy talking bullshit come to the point
  7. @Mitchomi [1 likes]: I'm sure Epidemic is great and all, but I'm just a dude that wants to make a few videos here and there throughout the year to put on my non monetised private Instagram and Facebook. 17 dollars a month is too steep. Anyone got any other suggestions?
  8. @Imdeepakmp [1 likes]: Too many ads in the first 3 mins of video.. wtf
  9. @shamdabibi7885: gOOD
  10. @Boss_Tropa: thank you for this! 🥰
  11. @xseaangelx: Thank you.
  12. @Jayden-zm6zr: thank you soo much,this video really helped me a lot:)
  13. @KelexFilms: thanks man
  14. @theIronmerchant: Do you ever go by BPM's?
  15. @DESCU23: I came for some info and I got bombarded with sponsors, left the video right away.
  16. @curiouswashim: it helped a lot
  17. @youssefhmamessi2363: bad
  18. @yoylecake2763-f4c: if u need Japanese music check mine it’s nice (it’s abt having an annoying sister that invades your privacy)
  19. @EghosaEsohe: Thank you❤
  20. @lijo-LJ11: Intro song name pleas😢

- How To Find KILLER Music For YouTube Videos | 3 Steps: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] music it's an incredible tool that sets the feeling and mood of the YouTube videos that you make in fact did you know that audio is responsible for over 50% of the viewing experience yet most new creators spend so much time on the visuals that music just becomes an afterthought so this video is going to change all that firstly I'm going to tell you the best place to get music from and then secondly I'll show you how to use music and sound effects to enhance your videos and boost retention but first I want to warn you about a huge mistake that most new YouTubers make when choosing their music and this mistake has personally cost me over $25,000 and no that's not an exaggeration so listen very very carefully so what is this mistake well many creators want to use copyright free music on their videos so what they do is they go to YouTube and they search copyright free music and stuff like this pops up they then download the song and start using on all their videos and it's amazing until it isn't because 2 years later the owner of the song can just decide that they want to start charging people for their music and they just change the description and the title and then they make the song copyrighted and then they demonetize your videos that use it suddenly all the money that your videos are making from AdSense goes to them and not to you and because you don't have a license there's quite literally nothing you can do and this has happened to me so many times like this video here on my main channel has over 15 million views 15 million views and it can no longer be monetized because I used this song here which 2 years ago was described as being free for commercial use and then the owner just copyrighted the song demonetized my videos and takes all the money for themselves and this has cost me well over $25,000 and it's happened to hundreds of other people as well as you can see in the comments now I don't want you to make the same mistake so what you need to do is get music from the right place which brings us on to part two Where is the best place to get music from now if you want to use the free option then just use the YouTube music library there's a pretty decent selection of songs here and of course it's all copyright free but to be honest the tracks are pretty generic and they won't make your videos Stand Out therefore it's a good starting point if you're brand new and you don't want to spend any money yet but don't expect to find anything really unique here instead if you are willing to spend a little bit of money each month I recommend you use art list now they're not paying me to say this but it really is the best place to get music in my opinion the quality of their music is just incredible and it's what I use in all of my videos on my main channel to get millions and millions of views it only costs £10 per month or something along those lines and you never need to worry about copyright issues again with your videos which believe me is worth £10 a month just to have that peace of mind so what I've done is I've left a link in the description if you want to check them out now it's one thing to know where to get music from but it's another to actually use it effectively which brings us on to part three how do you use sound and audio in your videos sound design adds a whole new dimension to your videos you see hearing is a second sense and therefore if Done Right sound design literally doubles the stimulation for your viewers and boosts the watch time on your videos so here's my three-step workflow to mastering sound design that has helped me get millions of views over the last few years on YouTube so step one is you need to find the right music so the first thing that I like to do is split my video up into different sections and then decide the mood for each section so for me personally when I'm building up to something I like to find songs that create a sense of anticipation and mystery and then when I reveal the payout and start talking about whatever the person wants to learn and start giving advice that's when I switch to uplifting music to carry the momentum and a positive vibe in the video so once I've split up my timeline into the different sections I then just go to Art list and select the different filters that I like and then go through and find the music that I think fits the vibe of the video that that I want to create and then all I do is just place the tracks on the appropriate place in my timeline then I take this a step further by matching the natural beat drops in the song with the most exciting parts of the video so on my main Channel where I teach magic the uh part of the video where the magic trick has been performed and the visual part is always aligned with the beat drop in the music and this just elevates the video to a whole new level like this it's a craft that weaves a tale of mystery and wonder in the so can you see how powerful that is is as soon as the trick happens there's a big beat drop and it just adds the extra layer and depth to the videos and I truly believe it's one of the reasons why these videos just get millions and millions of views step two is to strategically add sound effects now sound effects are like accents and they accentuate different parts of the video and overall there's three different types of sound effects you can add to your video there's risers Transitions and then atmospheric sounds now risers tend to build up tension and anticipation to a specific point and they're great for introducing a new sequence or section to your video use them wisely because if you overuse them they do lose their power atmospheres add more depth to your edit so they kind of create this feeling of mystery and Intrigue and they also just help build suspense so I use them when I'm again building up to a point just to create that sense of anticipation in the video so the viewer is more emotionally invested and remember the more emotionally invested a viewer is the more engaged they become and the more engaged they become they're more lik to watch through your whole video and boost the watch time then finally there's transitions now these are things like hits and whooshes and hits generally speaking just release tension and emphasize certain moments making them feel more important for example on my main magic Channel I'll often use a hit when it comes to the visual part of a magic trick that I've just been performing so you can see there how hits are really really powerful now wishes are just really great for transitions so when you're switching from one cut to another they just help the video seem more complete and seamless now if you want to use the same sound effect multiple times in a row then just give each of the different sound effects different pictures and this just means the sound effect seems different even though it's actually the same audio file so once you've actually made your video and you've added in the Baseline music just go through the entire video and sprinkle in sound effect whenever it makes sense to do so and also before we move on to step three where I teach you the final part of creating a killer sound design if you want to learn more about making amazing YouTube videos in general and you want to just take your channel to the next level then please check out my full course YouTube Creator Pro because inside I teach you everything you need to know about YouTube from how to make amazing thumbnails to filming your videos with a worldclass YouTube setup and I even show you how to monetize your channel to make life-changing money so if any of that sounds interesting then click the first Link in the description to find out more step three boosting retention so now what I'm going to do is break down some extra little hacks you can do in your sound design just to really boost the retention in your videos firstly I recommend you start using j cuts this is a great technique to make your video just flow really nicely so A J cut is where the sound plays first and then the clip comes in like half a second later and now the reason for this is when you have both audio and visual elements starting at the same time your viewers have two bits of information to process but when the audio from the next clip starts just a few frames earlier on and then the visuals come on later it allows the video to flow much more naturally second I recommend use AI to extend the length of your songs if you have a song but it's just too short click on it in Premier Pro and then click on the essential sounds tab then click on music then click on duration and just type in how long you want the song to be Premier Pro will then extend the song to your desired length and this is just a little Hack That I Found really useful when the song doesn't fit the actual l of my video thirdly fade music in and out now this might sound obvious but you'd be surprised by how many people just don't do this fading Music In and Out helps create smoother transitions between the different sections of your video and it also helps avoid any sudden jumps in volume which can be just quite jarring for the viewers so that's everything in this video thanks so much for watching and please check out YouTube credit Pro for more information on how to build and monetize a top 0.1% YouTube channel I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @GeniusMovieMania [3 likes]: Great advices, thank you for our wark, this "Sounded" very helpful :)
  2. @shutterlabbb [1 likes]: I was so invested in video that I didn't remember when I started and when it ended. I'll be making my content journey by watching you bro hats off to you ❤
From Pakistan
  3. @TechHacks-No1 [1 likes]: It's like a trick that music creators use to make the materials first free then change their mind. It  wastes the time and efforts of YouTubers. YouTube should find alternative ways to address this concern.
  4. @Ickxxx: hello, Is the consulting/coaching still valid, I recently rebrand this channel, and haven't posted yet. Please
  5. @Jeremygranthorton: Rad thx.
  6. @Blad0x: okay but is there a way to find the music you have used in this video?  why is it nowhere written?
  7. @rane-n5z: Great video!
  8. @AnishMinz: Your videos are so good that I subscribed immediately..🔥
  9. @iam_nick: What are they other platforms than Artlist (eg Epidemic)?  just wanted to compare them see which one works best for my work.
  10. @TobiasNonslid-c4o: Woah how did u do that 00:28
  11. @TechHacks-No1: Great insights ❤ Glad to be a new sub here 😊
  12. @FromZeroOnline: thanks a lot:)
  13. @arabelmanners5919: What software are you using to edit?
  14. @pratikshukla3731: how can you add a scrolling video in your background at 2:48 .did you use green screen or not please reply me
  15. @hey_surendra_shorts: thank you sir
  16. @furqan863: Very informative video, Thank you! Subscribed!
  17. @rajaryanigdncxhadk4090: Thank you so much for all this information ❤😊
  18. @leonbraun3778: Really cool stuff here... I'm curious, what editing software/program are you using in this video? 🤔 Thanks ☺
  19. @Scorp_2: Bro, that’s really interesting content 👍🏻
  20. @michaelgraycycling: Great video

- How to edit SO good your viewers get addicted to your videos: Kind: captions Language: en imagine your editing is so good that your viewers can't resist watching until the end I want that for you so I've boiled down my years of editing experience into a four pillar formula by the way you'll have to take notes today because we are going way deeper than basic things like cutting out Dead Space editing is so much more than that and let's be real your video deserves so much more than that a great editing style may get you perfect watch time and millions of views but it may also leave you with terrible view counts and Broken Dreams to figure out why let's start with this it's just this guy Sam in his car talking and then working out the video lasts 26 minutes but has just 17 cuts and no other form of editing how many views how many subscribers do you expect him to have so this means that editing is optional right wait slow down that's not what's going on here Sam did edit he cut out all the boring parts that the viewer didn't come to see but he left it at that because his viewers aren't looking for a super stimulating experience they just want to feel like they're spending time with someone a bunch of Quick Cuts and flashy animations would ruin that authentic experience that the viewer wanted and guess what A disruption of what the viewer came to the video for is the best way to make them stop watching and while Sam edits with an average of 90 seconds between cuts Mr Beast does quite the opposite so if both editing Styles work what should you do start with considering what experience your viewers want Sam's editing tells us that millions of people come to YouTube to feel like they're hanging out with someone Mr BEAST's rapid fire style shows that a ton of people go on YouTube for entertainment all your editing choices contribute to that experience for example cutting out all your pauses so that you're speaking constantly is is easily the most important thing for entertainment but it takes away from authenticity an effective editing style takes all these choices into account so as I reveal the reasoning behind my editing for my first three uploads take notes on what you should add to your own videos based on what suits your audience the best this video is not a bunch of tutorials it's a handbook to addictive editing think of it as a foundational starting point to know what tutorials you should even watch in the first place I want you to look at this there's a problem here this is the timeline of a typically edited YouTube video a couple cuts have removed the unnecessary bits there was a tangent here that wasn't really relevant to the video's greater purpose these Cuts removed pauses and these removed bad takes but in its current form this video is doomed to fall short of its potential the reason is this video isn't using its visuals to maximize attention think about this when you see a change in your vision like something moving abruptly it gets your attention the same is true for watching a video and here there's only three different things to look at in the span of a minute kind of boring but if the video were to switch between a roll b roll and other types of footage every few seconds it would keep attention much better however there is a drawback to changing what's on screen too much try to notice it as we go over how different types of footage should be used to maximize engagement a roll this is when you can both see and hear the subject at the same time it feels personal and holds attention really well if you're speaking with confidence use it for short periods of time when you're saying something important b-roll this is extra footage recorded separately from the audio it creates a visual depiction of your words letting the viewer see what you're talking about instead of just having to look at your face this lets you get things across much more clearly and faster too it's more interesting than a-roll so use it as much as possible some variants of b-roll are stock footage which is just a lazy version and Motion Graphics these improve explanation times a ton look at how quickly a complicated thing was explained in this dude perfect video did you find something nope I found a suspicious looking math problem over by the pool table and it appears that I need to use the pool balls and the numbers on them to form some kind of solution you really need to understand how crucial that editing Choice was that was an essential but boring moment in the video story any attempt to use a roll or a normal b roll in this moment would either be too slow slow or terribly confusing both of which would lose viewers but an animation explained it crystal clear and fast that's the sort of editing choice you need to make to create an addictive video if you've been following my channel then you've probably noticed I've only uploaded three videos and with that I've gotten over 300,000 views and like 13,000 subscribers what makes it crazier is that I haven't promoted these videos anywhere I just uploaded them on YouTube and they did great completely by themselves because of all the YouTube knowledge I've gotten over the years I got a channel last year that I got to like 60,000 subscribers and over 24 million views so naturally I've been getting a ton of comments and emails of people asking me to help them out so I want to let you know that I'm releasing my calendar below but it's for serious creators only if that sounds interesting to you then you can book a call below to learn how to grow your YouTube channel and by the way the spots are extremely Limited at the moment so don't miss out now you probably remember from earlier there's a drawback to cutting between different clips a ton all of this visual variety can quickly become visual mush if you're doing it wrong let's say you want to be engaging so you're trying to cut between different clips literally as much as possible you risk making things confusing which hurts engagement to avoid that don't minimize shot duration just for the sake of minimizing shot duration it's okay to leave the same clip on screen for for 10 seconds if it's interesting for 10 seconds and often times adding some engagement spice to your video doesn't even require cutting to another clip instead use some of these tricks to make things way more immersive first give some movement to any boring still Clips you have make either the scale or position slowly change or even better make things Fancy by changing their perspective you can also do more abrupt scale changes to draw attention to certain things for example when I say something important and an a-roll segment I'll zoom in close to my face to subtly communicate to the viewer that they should listen up you might also make wiggle key frames that's when you see images or text or maybe the whole video shaking around you never see me doing this because I don't like the way it looks but if you want to do it then go ahead next throw on a bunch of visuals on top of your footage many people make the mistake of adding captions just to jack up the visual variety but don't forget that drawback that we talked about using captions to fill in Dead Space can quickly become obnoxious and ruin a great opportunity to use a more engaging visual so I only use captions when I want the viewer to understand and pay closer attention to certain words but if there's really nothing else to put on screen captions are often still better than nothing also keep them the three words or less at a time because it makes them easier to read now let's say you're showing an image to the viewer if you plainly show the whole thing like this it's boring and more importantly it's confusing to make things crystal clear and create some visual variety guide the viewer's attention to the focus point of the image here are six ways that I do that which go beyond just scaling and positioning take notes cuz this is what gives you professional looking timelines like these animate the most important piece of text or area of the image being highlighted darken or blur the area that surrounds the focus point of the image shift the Hue of the image to make it red and it gives the image a negative connotation you can also shift it to yellow or green to make it seem positive circles arrows and underlines also work oh and one extra make the subject glow another immersion hack is to just make the video look good this could be color grading adding a v yet or some subtle particle animations on the topic of making things look good let's bring our Focus to make things feel good this next pillar literally makes your video a digital morphine stream so we've talked about visual variety but now let's talk about visual continuity if you manage to create a seamless feed of visuals then there's no rough edges no areas for distraction to build up there's no point where the viewer loses immersion the goal for this pillar is to make every moment blend into the next seamlessly the editing should be invisible The Experience mesmerizing anytime a graphic comes on screen it can't just magically appear there that doesn't make sense it needs to somehow move into the frame check the description for my free presets now you don't have to animate things you can also let something magically appear on screen but then explain how it got there using a sound effect I like to use the shutter sound effect but a pop sound or something like that also works now this is super important look I just made a cut but I messed up the most crucial rule of doing a cut in the last frame of this first clip the viewer is looking right here in my eyes then a tiny fraction of a second later in the first frame of the second clip the viewer is now expected to look here that's a little jarring and it breaks some of the immersion that your editing should be providing imagine if every cut the viewer had to keep changing Focus from one side of the screen all the way to the other this right here is a pretty unimmersive viewing experience another way to make cut seamless is using a full screen transition there's plenty of free packs out there but if you like my subtle style of them then I got something for you in the description and don't be afraid to break visual continuity every now and then cuz remember it jolts the viewer it'll get their attention look at this timeline we've been talking about all these ways to make the video visually addicting to watch but we've been leaving out the other half of the video there is a whole another sense for your viewer to experience the video in pillar four immersive audio sound design makes the viewer experience every cut transition animation and piece of footage through a second sense it's literally double the stimulation and it can be used to influence the mood that the viewer has which is an engagement superpower that we'll talk about more once we get to your music choice but for now the first step of sound design is to gather a bunch of sounds to work with I already got that for you start with that free sound design back of copyright free sounds that I made for you in the description if you need more check out freesound.org or get epidemic sound next go through your video and basically just add sound effects wherever it makes sense when something moves you should add a whoosh sound and when something's highlighted a highlight sound now comes the engaging part these next three types of sound effects literally hijack your viewers emotions and suck them into the video first are risers they build tension and anticipation because they communicate to the audience that something really important is about to happen but only use them if something important is actually going to happen or else they will lose their reputation and won't be effective next are hits these release tension and emphasize moments making them feel important you can use these on their own or place a riser before them it depends on the situation and again don't overdo them finally drones these create a feeling of mystery and Intrigue they reserved more for darker moods creating a lot of underlying suspense these sound effects are so good because they kind of manipul ulate the viewer's emotions which is so powerful because the more emotionally invested the viewer is the more engaged they are and these sound effects are just the tip of the iceberg to achieve this below the surface is a massive potential for emotional investment your music choice for example I like to find songs that create a feeling of anticipation which makes the viewer constantly believe I'm about to say something super important then during a segment where I'm giving groundbreaking advice I use a song that gives an Innovative feeling which creates a ton of excitement over what I'm saying this is super straightforward to pull off separate your video based on subject changes and then decide the mood the viewer should have for each subject by the way you should spend a lot of time finding the right music because it is really important that it fits you can find some good copyright free songs on the YouTube audio library and there's the occasional gem artist like let me know which offers free songs but to be honest subscribing to a licensed music platform is the best choice if you're going to take YouTube seriously I'm not sponsored but I saved like 4 hours with them last time and I found way better songs I have an affiliate link for them in the description okay this is going to sound crazy but there's even more you can do with your music choice to immerse the viewer like what do you think happens if you pause the music abruptly the sudden change will jolt the viewer getting their attention also the lack of music brings attention to other parts of the video so for special moments try pausing the music to elev at that moment now what if you instead let the music slowly fade out once the viewer notices that the music is going away they'll understand that the segment they're watching is coming to a close this realization gives them anticipation of something new coming okay let's get even more advanced Beyond just making the mood of the song match the tone of the segment it's in upgrade your music by sinking the hits and dips of the song to the video for example in this segment I introduced the problem here and began teaching the solution here I line things up so that at this exact moment the music picks up doing that marks a clear topic shift from problem to solution and also makes the solution segment more exciting and if you're wondering why I have four music tracks playing at the same time it's because I downloaded the separate elements of the song that's another feature of epidemic sound which is super helpful all right I hope that helped now there's a lot more to retention so click here for a video on that and then you're interested in that call thing there's a link below

  Top Comments:
  1. @LearnByLeo [45 likes]: Get my free editing assets & step by step instructions to get your channel to 100k subs (free roadmap) 👉 https://www.skool.com/get-views-free/about
  2. @TrömlYT_MC [1 likes]: I dont want that my followers get addicted, I just want... I just want that they love the style of my videos how they are and I get famous just being me...
  3. @ireallyloveediting [1 likes]: I love EDITING
  4. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  5. @SteelWardenMC: what editor site are you using???
  6. @larazizzle: Imagine uploading always to end up getting 83 subscribers
  7. @MaggiesHavenAU: I really liked the way you explained this; it was very clear and easy to understand. Just one gentle point from someone on the autism spectrum with ADHD: I found the editing style very noisy and overstimulating. It became a bit too much for me, and I actually had to step away for a moment.
  8. @Angpaodiwa: Damn bro, Thanks so much for your video. Wish you a happiness
  9. @VyronNo1: I'm on mobile does it work
  10. @jus1332PSP: Fun fact. I hate this editing style. I don't know why so many people like it
  11. @iggylami-ing1382: how to start a blog
  12. @GaalKerr: This channel is worth sharing I learned a lot from it.
  13. @MccullorsGelbach: This channel is exactly what I needed This deserves recognition.
  14. @GallatinGuerera: The content is exactly what I needed I learned a lot from it.
  15. @marleeroyal7617: I would like to say that this is a very very good example of addictive watching I have no interest in learning to edit videos whatsoever but just the editing kept me watching for some reason
  16. @DraculasOfficial: while me just bass boosts some songs and slap on an image in capcut and upload it to YouTube for fun
  17. @vallenteleonardwilliaml.8733: aMAZING!
  18. @onedollarricher: I am working 24/7, 365 days on my Core Finance and Investment behind the scene channel. I select one topic for a week, do deep down analysis, market research, investigation, lots of ready and then script writing all my own. Then I record by myself and edit by myself. As of now as my channel is new, all the work is done by me alone and thus, I feel there is less traction or engagement of the people. Audience get mesmerized in these super cuts, editing skills, which is good, but for entertainment or understanding something is different, but when it comes to real finance, core strategies, and serious things which drives money, brings money, creates wealth, music does not help, education, knowledge, peace of mind, seriousness, and silence matters. I avoid distraction, for my viewers so they may listen quietly with focus, concentrate, analyze, understand, and implement in their life, which actually helps them make some money to their bank account. Real dollars. Please suggest what i can do better. Please if you could have a look to my videos, and suggest basis the seriousness of the topic. Thank you.
  19. @AbdulsamadIbrahim-j7t: Thank you for the advise❤
  20. @TheMCLeopard: thank you for using a video of a leopard for demonstration purposes

- Unleash the Ultimate Podcast Vibe! 🎙️ Perfect Intro Music for YouTube & Podcasts: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] be

  Top Comments:
  1. @music-library [5 likes]: 🎧 Want to use this track in your videos?: "Funk in Da Trunk" By Wolves
➡ Get the License here: ⏩ https://shutterstock.7eer.net/qz4PaO
✅ Safe for YouTube, Ads & Social Media (Content ID Clear) 
Thanks for watching! Please give it a thumbs up 👍 and let me know what you think 🤔 In the Comments Below ⬇
  2. @Vijaya-e9tt [3 likes]: My outro music ❤
  3. @creatorsoundsnetwork [3 likes]: If anyone’s looking for more copyright-free background music like this, I’ve been uploading some fresh tracks too — always happy to share ideas and get feedback!
  4. @rapfaelbadihopdecker5039 [1 likes]: Super genial está intro, se podrá usar para un podcast 

..!??
  5. @YocelinZarate [1 likes]: Increíble
  6. @NeoSams-bk6zu [1 likes]: Re

- Create a Hook for Your Video Podcast | Maximize Audience Retention: Kind: captions Language: en if you upload a video podcast to YouTube without an intro hook you probably just lost more than half of your potential audience but don't worry we're going to give you the five steps to creating an engaging video hook for your podcast or any video content if you look at any videos even the ones with hundreds of thousands of views or more there is a steep drop-off right after the first 20 to 30 seconds of that video that's called retention rate and YouTube follows that retention rate for all the videos the better the retention rate of your videos the more likely YouTube is going to show that video to potential viewers and encourage them to click on it that's why you want to make sure your viewers are sticking around as long as possible watching your video content or podcast that means you have to communicate the value and why someone should keep watching in the first 20 seconds of your video if you're spending minutes just shooting the breeze or have some kind of long intro to your podcast you've already lost people on YouTube when someone clicks your video you need to grab their attention tell them why they should stick around and tease the best parts of your content so step one and you should figure this out even before you film your video what is the hook what is the first thing you're going to say when that viewer clicks the video like Leonardo DiCaprio in Inception you need to get an idea in their head that they just have to know the answer maybe it's something like this is how my channel grew to a million subscribers or this is how I earned 100 000 a month and it doesn't always have to be about big numbers whatever your topic or Niche is for your video content figure out those interesting questions that are going to appeal to a wide audience if you cover photography content maybe you want to start with you're doing your ISO wrong or if you're in business and finance say something like here are Trends happening in 2023 that you cannot miss whatever your audience or Niche is spur that Curiosity ask that question that someone will just have to know the answer to and that's how you can hook your audience from the beginning step two don't bury the lead and that's not l-e-a-d that's l-a-d-e this is like an old journalistic term when they used to write newspapers they would say don't bury the lead don't put the most impressive or shocking information way down in the article because most people don't make it there well the same is true for YouTube today don't bury the most interesting or inspiring information for 20 to 30 minutes into your content if you're talking about making a hundred grand a month and you did it by selling a digital product then say that right up at the top I make a hundred thousand dollars a month by selling this digital product here's how I did it and then tease some of the most interesting facts and figures maybe it's a quote from a special guest and then you can get into the more lengthy content later just imagine that little kid waving the newspaper around saying extra extra read all about it and then he would say the headline to encourage people to buy the newspaper well you want people to buy the rest of your video and bye bye I mean sticking around and actually watching the rest of your video content so don't bury the lead tell them what it's about right at the top even with the most impressive facts and figures step three if you have a special guest in your video content don't put them at the very end or wait to show them to your audience put them right up at the top if they had an impacting quote or something really inspiring to say put it right in the intro you don't have to include the whole thing but do five or ten seconds of some of their most engaging content in the intro this way when someone clicks on that video they'll know yes I came here for this special guest and I'm going to see them in this video and you'll Inception style get that idea or inspiring quote in their head and they'll want to know more about it and stick around to watch later now step four in your video hook actually tell them what the value value is for the viewer what are they going to learn is this going to be inspiring are they going to laugh is it entertaining tell them what they're going to learn if they stick around and watch this entire video till the end if it's business or Finance tell them they're going to learn all the steps to building this kind of business if you're going to teach them how to use PowerPoint or keynote in depth tell them right in the intro we're going to go step by step and you'll be able to create your own presentation by the end of this video finally number five lead them into the full content of your video podcast you've hooked them you've told them the value proposition you've shown any big guess and what they're going to learn at the end and now encourage them to sit back relax and watch the rest of your video but I also want to encourage you don't say things like like And subscribe hit that Bell icon in those first 20 or 30 seconds even as I was just saying that you probably tuned out a little bit saying those kinds of things right at the beginning is something so many viewers already hear and see and honestly there's some fatigue about like And subscribe so don't say those things at the beginning just Reserve those first 20 and 30 seconds to hooking your audience telling them the value and leading them into your content now I'd love to show you an intro Hook video from jcloud house he's an amazing Creator he runs the Creator science newsletter and YouTube channel and podcast and he adds these kinds of hook intros to his video podcast on his YouTube channel as you watch see how he can incept ideas into your mind he's playing clips from a special guest he's giving some impressive facts and figures and he leads you into the content check it out today we watch incredible performers who just make things look easy but what is it that makes the great creators really break through is it luck hard work or are some creators just born with natural talent I think this concept of Talent is wildly overrated that's guy Roz guy Roz is an independent producer who has been described by the New York Times as one of the most popular podcasters in history most people that you and I know have talent actually the difference between the people who become so so-called great creators and and those who who may not is that maybe really what their talent is is just a Fierce pursuit of their craft he's a creator of the wildly successful podcast how I built this so in this episode you'll learn what guy has learned from these great creators the similarities between High performing artists and high performing entrepreneurs the role that luck plays in success and the trade-offs that come with having high ambition and now let's talk to guy about the inspiration behind his new show the great creators if you can find a link to Jay's YouTube channel down in this video description we encourage you to check it out and what makes this video podcast great is he records with Riverside when you recorded the Riverside you get high quality video and audio from everyone that you're recording with remotely you can download those video and audio tracks separately to edit later or use the powerful Riverside editor we have ai power transcriptions and over 100 languages and you can edit your video content just by deleting sentences or phrases right there in the Riverside editor you can now even add intro and outro video or audio clips in the Riverside editor and then export up to 4K video quality if you'd like to learn more about Riverside check out the video above or the ones in the description and subscribe to the river inside YouTube channel right here we have lots of content helping you build a video podcast setup using AI to streamline your workflow and a ton more thanks for tuning in we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrBrianKeating [3 likes]: Great to be hooked on something healthy
  2. @Jyoazura [2 likes]: How do you not have a bigger audience? Yours is the best content that popped up when I searched this topic.
  3. @thesoberbros [2 likes]: I’m reading Hook Point right now and really trying to incorporate this into our show
  4. @IAMHARRYARTIN [1 likes]: ❤❤❤ thankfully
  5. @EnglishPodcastwithPaul: Great content but over edited,  you don't pause or take a breath, I found it very hard to focus on your message because of your continuous unnatural speaking pattern.
  6. @audiary_kr: thank you

- How to Start Reading Again: Kind: captions Language: en Almost everyone is reading less than they were even a decade ago. And it's really easy to blame things like social media or our education system for this widespread decline in reading. But for those of you who have noticed that you're reading less than you used to and you want to do something about it, you're looking for something less analytical and more practical. So today I want to talk about that. I want to talk about how you can start reading again. I like to break these problems down into their parts. And so we're going to talk about the reasons why adults say that they can't read. Then we'll go on to issues about picking the right books for you. And a few practices that I like to do that helps me read more and also that helps me read better and enjoy what I'm reading. When adults are asked why they don't read, they give one of three answers. They say they don't have time, they can't focus, or they blame social media. The truth is that reading takes time. And if you decided that you want to start reading again, then the first thing you have to do is to find time in your schedule to read. For those of you with jobs or with families, this can be difficult to do because work and family have a way of eating up all of your time. So, what you have to do is just find a little bit of time throughout your day where you can start reading again. You don't need to wait until you have the perfect conditions. You know, a perfect chair and an hour of silence with no distractions because if you're waiting for those perfect conditions, frankly, you're probably never going to get around to reading. I think it's helpful to remember that if you can read for just 15 minutes a day, then you will read about 10 books a year, assuming books take anywhere from, you know, 8 to 10 hours to read. Obviously, that will depend on the sorts of books you're reading and how long they are, but it's a helpful number to keep in mind. By reading just 15 minutes a day, you can drastically increase the number of books that you read. And if you're able to read for an hour a day, then suddenly reading 30 or 40 books in a year isn't off the table. and suddenly it becomes a little easier to see how some people manage to read 100 books a year or even more. But don't focus on the numbers. The numbers are not actually the important part here. If you want to start reading again, the important part for now is simply just finding time to read. I almost always am carrying a book with me. And the idea is that whenever I have some downtime, instead of picking up my phone, I can simply just read the book instead. That makes it a lot easier to find some time to read. If you go to work and you have a lunch break, if you take a book with you on your lunch break, suddenly that opens up easily 15 minutes, maybe 30, maybe even a whole hour where you can read. Back when I lived in Boston, I used to take the tea everywhere. So, as I'm writing on the subway, instead of scrolling on my phone, I would read a book. You're just looking for those little places in your life where you can fit reading in. Again, the place I highly recommend trying to read, at least for a little while, is in bed before you go to sleep. If you can read for just those 15 minutes before you go to sleep, then you are well on your way to reading again. And it doesn't take a lot of extra planning. Just stay up an extra 15 minutes or go to bed 15 minutes earlier and you've done it. I read every night before I go to bed. Sometimes 15 minutes, sometimes 30, sometimes an hour or two if the book is really good. I also sometimes will wake up early. In fact, for a long time, I was getting up at about 4:00 a.m. just so that I had time to read. So I would be up well before the rest of my family. it would be nice and quiet and I could read. It turns out that getting up at 4 a.m. to read uh threw off my sleep schedule so much that it made living a little bit difficult, but I still like to get up early and read before I go into my busy day. If you can carve out that 15 minutes a day, reading starts to become a habit. It becomes something you look forward to and it becomes a source of pleasure. But if you're reading, you might worry that you're not going to be able to focus on what you read. And if you're not used to reading, this is a real challenge. You sit down, you open up a book, you read a few sentences and then you think, I wonder what's going on on Twitter or on YouTube or you get a notification and suddenly your focus has been totally broken. This is a real challenge for almost anyone in the modern world, but it is a solvable problem for most of us. We can train ourselves to focus for longer simply by reading. If we practice reading, which just means reading often and, you know, paying attention to what we're reading, then we'll be able to go longer and longer without wanting to check our phones or without needing to go off and do something else. We'll be able to simply enjoy reading and we'll be able to focus on what we're reading for long periods of time. That third reason that adults say that they can't read is social media. If social media is the kind of thing that is getting in the way of your reading, then it's just about finding a way to spend less time on social media. This can be difficult because algorithms and feeds and websites are designed to be as addictive as possible. And so it can be difficult to cut yourself off if you're used to being online all the time. But this is something we have to do if we want to reclaim our minds and be able to think clearly and focus on what we think actually matters. And if reading is something that actually matters to you, then it means you got to learn how to log off. There are only a handful of studies and surveys that try to track reading habits across very large groups or at least only a handful that I could find. All of them seem to find one thing though, and that is that men are reading less than women. This is a trend that has started for a while and seems to be accelerating. Some people call this decline the male reading crisis. I don't really love that phrasing, but it's what we have. At least there is a problem where a lot of men have just decided reading is not something that they should do. I'm usually left unsatisfied with discussions about the male reading crisis, but my friend Jake recently had a video where he talked about this and I thought he had some real insights. So, I asked if he would hop on a call and we could talk about the problem. If you could start by saying that like you're Jake from man carrying thing or something like that. I mean, it's there's a bit of artifice here, but I'm going to need a clip, you know, to transition right now. Okay. I'm Jake from Man Carrying Thing. And Jake, I wanted to ask you, um, what you think is standing in the way for so many young men or just men in general who aren't reading? What is standing in the way? Um, I mean, the sense of wasting your time. I mean, I don't know. I think I think there's so much um drawing everyone's attention. Uh, especially the idea of want needing to be productive at every moment. I mean, this is something that everyone's dealing with, but I think men uh are just it like culturally it's just become that way with with reading that, you know, it's just not a especially reading fiction. You know, Jake and I hopped on a call and talked for about half an hour trying to figure out what were the biggest reasons why young men in particular weren't reading. And we came up with a few. At the top of the list was this worry that everyone wants to be productive all the time and reading doesn't feel productive. But there was also this sense in which maybe men just weren't picking the right books. Jake's idea is that men are told that they always need to be challenging themselves or pushing themselves. And so if they get back into reading, they decide they're going to pick up Blood Meridian or Ulyses for their very first book. And for some people, that might work and they might fall in love with reading that way. But other people are going to bounce off of those books and then they just aren't going to read anything at all. I don't think young men especially want to have a good time. They want to die in a war, you know? Or maybe I'm maybe I'm speaking generally, but I think like that there's not a lot of like social value from reading a book unless it is like um you're conquering something like uh I we were just talking about guys who haven't touched a book since high school wanting to read Ulyses or Moby Dick or something because it is uh or Blood Meridian now. That's the that's the the trend. I kind of want to tell a guy who really liked Red Dead Redemption 2 that if you liked that, like maybe, you know, reading a western novel would be the kind of thing that you're into. But I don't know, it just like doesn't even come up in their in their minds. But you tell them, "Hey, you should read a western and they go, what is the best western? What is the hardest western? What is the most brutal western?" And they say, "I'm going to read Blood Meridian." And then they read the first page and they go, "Uh, I don't know. I don't know about this. Yeah. And also, if you read Blood Meridian, you're not really prepping yourself to go and read another western novel and enjoy it. Like, it's because it's nothing like that. But that's that that's an interesting thing though that there is this like sort of online dudes reading culture that's really into the hardest versions of those books. And I know like you know if you went to college at a certain time um and you looked like me, you read a lot of David Foster Wallace and there was something about like having infinite chest and like completing infinite chest or reading um pension or something and these got very much associated with like a certain kind of like lit bro. But I but there was something there was something very appealing about like having conquered that novel. you know, you kind of finish it and you feel like I've I've done, you know, I'm never gonna climb Mount Everest. Men want to die in a war. They want to die in a war. They want to read Blood Meridian. They want to read Infinite Jest. So maybe men are being told that they should only read certain kinds of books like productivity books or business books. Basically books that will help them succeed rather than fiction. But they're also being told that there are certain books they shouldn't read. Like in this article of reading red flags that was essentially just making fun of men for reading certain kinds of books. So, when someone decides that they want to try reading again, well, they feel like there are certain books they have to read and they're not picking books that they want to read. This is a really important point I hear from people all the time who maybe watch videos like mine and they feel inspired and they decide that they're going to start reading again. So, what they go out and do is buy Ulyses or The Brothers Karamasov, like a really hefty big book that for some people or even for most people could be a struggle to read. Then, when they can't finish it, they give up. and they don't just give up on that book, they give up on reading in general. I think what's happening here is that they're picking books that they think are important. They've been told that they're important. They've been told that they have to read these books, but they're not picking books that they actually want to read. And if you're not picking books that you actually want to read, well, reading is going to be a chore for you. Because remember, these are people who are telling me that they haven't read a book since high school or middle school. People who are lifelong readers who read all the time struggle to read Ulyses. If you haven't read a book in a decade, just picking up Ulisses is going to be a real shock for you. Now, look, some people are going to be able to just pick up Ulisses. It turns out they love it. That's amazing. But for quite a few people, a book like that can actually be the wrong choice. Not because you're not smart enough, but because you haven't built up that reading stamina or just gotten used to reading a book like that. And look, I love these big, weird, serious books. I think Moby Dick is maybe the best American book ever. And it is a strange book that often surprises people when they read it. But I don't only read those books. And I feel like if I told myself I could only read those books, I would just read less in general. If you were to look on my bookshelves, you would find works of philosophy. That's what I really love to read. But also history and general non-fiction. and of course a lot of science fiction and fantasy because I really love reading science fiction and fantasy too. What you need to make sure you're doing is picking the right book for you. So this point about picking the right books for you, this extends well beyond men. This applies to absolutely everybody who is trying to start reading again. I think that the number one piece of advice that I can give you is to find a book that you think you'll actually enjoy. Don't pick a book because you're being told that it's a book that you need to read. Instead, you should find a book, frankly, that's just fun. I I know a ton of guys actually who hadn't read a book since high school, and every time they tried to read a book, uh they weren't able to. They were never able to finish it, and they found reading really boring. And what had happened was that reading had become a chore for them. It had been something that they didn't want to do, but they felt like they had to do. In fact, it reminded them of school when there were reading assignments. and maybe they were punished if they didn't complete them. For these guys, I know two books that seem to always do the trick. One of them was The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. If you're into science fiction at all and you want something that's funny and light-hearted, uh Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a fantastic book. It's short and that helps quite a bit, but also it's very funny and it's just going to carry you and you might just really enjoy it and maybe that's what kicks off this new love of reading for you. The another book that I found that does this is Ender Game. It's another work of science fiction, but it's more military science fiction. And frankly, it's written kind of at the level of a YA novel. And I think that helps people ease back into reading. In fact, recently, I built a little free library and put it up in my yard. And while I was making this video and thinking about how Ender's Game had helped so many people fall in love with reading, I bought a couple of Orson Scott card books and I put them in there. And I have a feeling those books will be gone in a couple of days. And maybe that's going to start someone down this path where they can love reading again. You know, I actually went through a period of time where I didn't enjoy reading anymore. It was happening when I was in grad school. What had happened to me was that I was reading so much for grad school and for research that I just didn't read novels. I only read maybe one or two books for fun over the course of about a 4 or 5 year period. Near the end of grad school though, uh I started reading books that I thought would be fun. Mostly I started reading more science fiction books. But within a couple of months I was reading dstayski and that's when I found out that I really love dstvki. I don't think though if I had just jumped into dstayski right when I had decided that I wanted to start reading again it would have worked out all that well for me. And that's because I needed something to kind of ease me in. I needed to get some points on the board. That's why my second piece of advice is that if you are struggling to read, then you might want to pick short books rather than long books. Uh Susanna Clark's Purei, for instance, is a really great work of fantasy that I think a lot of people would read. Men, women, basically anyone who's open to fantasy would like Pyrei. I often say that's one of my favorite fantasy books, and I stand by that, but I've recently kind of been debating whether or not I like it better than her other book, Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norl. But I wouldn't recommend Jonathan Strange just to anybody because Jonathan Strange is like 1,000 pages. It has footnotes and it's weird and it's fairly slowly paced. On the other hand is under 300 pages, tells a fairly straightforward story and it tells it beautifully. And I would say hey try to read this 300page book before you dive into something much bigger because I think you'll have fun while doing it and that's going to actually help you, you know, finish reading a book and maybe you can start reading again. I'd say the same thing if you're looking at fantasy books um for someone like Terry Patchet. And I don't want this to be just a book recommendation video. So, I'm just going to put some books down in the description. I'll write the titles and the authors and things. And these are just some short books that I think various people might like that can kind of help kickstart their reading journeys again. So, let's say that you've started reading for 15 minutes a day again and you've started with some short or some fun books and it's going pretty well. What do you do next? If you're managing to read those books and you're finishing and enjoying them, then I think you have basically three options. One, you can continue doing what you're doing. That is a great strategy. If you're happy, but it does eventually get a little stale. The other option is that you could go and explore other genres or other styles of books. If you're reading mostly one genre of fiction, like let's say you're only reading science fiction, you're going to want to branch out and find other genres that you might enjoy. You know, I only recently found out like within the last year that I enjoy spy novels because I read John Lare. I fell in love with his books. I started reading them and now there are hundreds or thousands of books that I could possibly read. So, my reading horizons have expanded dramatically because I tried something new. That's thousands of hours of pleasurable reading that is now in my future because I was willing to experiment. You could also try reading more non-fiction. You know, I suggest a lot of philosophy on this channel, but I think one way to go into non-fiction from fiction is to read biographies because they are telling stories. A good biography tells just as good of a story as a good novel. And you could also just learn about history. It's a fun way into history for some people. But just experiment, just have fun. Remember, what we're trying to do is just have fun while reading. We want you to start reading again. And if I want you to start reading again, I'm not going to give you too many rules. I'm just going to make suggestions that can make it pleasurable. I personally thrive on variety. Right now, I'm reading Plato's Republic. I'm reading a book called The Fatal Discord. That's about like Martin Luther and Decider Arasmus. And it's a great little work of history that I'm really enjoying. But I'm also reading a song for our bone, which is this uh fantasy novel by Guy Gabriel K. And I've been working my way through the essays of Michelle Deontaine. So, but what I'm doing is always giving myself some variety and always keeping things fresh. And because of that, I'm able to read a lot more. Then there is this third option where you can start pushing yourself. If you've started with books that are short and that are fun and you've branched out and you're still enjoying them, it might be time to try to tackle some of those books that you think you should read because maybe now you're ready for it. So, how do you do that? We often call these books challenging because they are very long. They have very challenging language or they don't have straightforward plots that make you want to keep turning the page. Think about like Ulisses or Infinite Jest or Blood Meridian. These are books that are written in notoriously strange styles and that can be a little bit off-putting for some readers. In fact, the plot of Infinite Jest is very difficult to describe and in many places is not really apparent to a reader. Lots of classic novels are like this. Things just kind of happen while the main character ruminates and thinks and reflects on the world. So, you're reading it not just to enjoy the plot, but to enjoy something else about the book. The authors are trying to explore something deeper, or in some cases, they're just trying to explore the language they're writing in because they love it so much and they think it can be so beautiful. So, if you're struggling to read these sorts of books, you just have to slow down. I had recently decided that I was not paying close enough attention to what I was reading and maybe I was just kind of skimming and I I I just wanted to slow down a little bit. I just wanted to make myself focus on the words in front of me. Uh my thought was I would get more out of it and probably more importantly I would simply just enjoy it more. I have these travelers notebooks. I got a brand new insert for it and I started a new project where I have been writing down the first pages of books that I enjoy by hand. So uh this page right here is Wolf Hall by Hillary Mantel. Before that it was John Lare. I did a book by Ursula Ka the dispossessed. I have also recently copied the first page from this novel Solenoid which is this great modern novel. And soon I will be copying the first page of Boswell's Life of Johnson, this classic big work. While I'm doing this, I'm trying very hard to pay attention to all of the details. I'm holding myself to a fairly high standard and saying I want it to be perfectly accurate. There should not be a comma or an apostrophe out of place, not a single word misspelled. So that means I have to pay really close attention to what it is that I'm reading. It sounds like it could be tedious, but what it has made me do is just fall in love with some of these books all over again. I copied a paragraph from Bourhees from the Library of Babel, and I was simply blown away by it. I copied the first page of Moby Dick, and now I love Melville even more. By slowing down, I just found that I really loved these books in a way that I had previously kind of missed. It turns out that this is actually a very old way of learning how to write, learning the craft of writing, and learning to appreciate the art of writing. Well, this goes all the way back to the time when students would use wax tablets. The benefit of a wax tablet is that a student could copy something by hand to learn it well, to really understand it. then it could be wiped clean and then you could go back and write something else the following day. By copying language, these students learned how to write. You don't have to go that extreme if you don't want. But one way to make yourself slow down and really appreciate what you're reading is just always have a pencil with you. Have a pencil in hand and to practice what we sometimes call active reading. I would very lightly define active reading to say it's when you're reading slowly. You're reading carefully. you are underlining things that you find important or beautiful or sometimes difficult to understand. It doesn't have to go so far as taking robust notes or making lots of annotations. In fact, that could sometimes get in the way. But what it can do is just help you focus. And you're going to find that as you focus more on the things that you're reading, it's actually more pleasurable. This is something I think that gets totally lost in discussions about how to read more books or reading in general. That reading can be fun. Reading can be pleasurable. Reading can be something that you look forward to doing because it feels good. Not only is it good for you or helping you develop or become smarter or learn things or whatever. I mean, all that's great, but on top of that, it's just simply fun to do. It's a source of pleasure. I have found that by forcing myself to slow down, it's like savoring a really good meal. It doesn't feel tedious anymore. It feels like the best way to enjoy what it is that I'm reading. So, if you're struggling with some of these difficult books, some of these harder books, maybe you've decided, you know, I'm going to finally read Infinite Jest or Ulyses or something, what you should do is practice active reading. Read it slowly. Let yourself enjoy it. These are complex texts. Good writers put so much into their books. They're so careful. And by just slowing down, you are actually allowing yourself to see some of these complexities to understand it better, to appreciate it better. And maybe on top of that, you'll learn a thing or two. So, I would say give it a shot. Give it a try. Try copying things by hand or practicing active reading to see if this helps you build that reading habit and helps you really start reading again. Reading before I fall asleep is one of my favorite things to do. Reading before bed is like one of those things that I just get to do rather than something that I have to do. The problem I now face is that I got this new mattress and I'm falling asleep faster than ever, which means I'm having a little bit of harder time reading before I go to bed. And this new mattress is from Nola. Nola were kind enough to send me this mattress and to sponsor this video. Nola is an award-winning mattress brand known for its cooling technology, exceptional pressure relief, and long-lasting durability. and it's conveniently shipped to your door for free. I got the Nola Evolution. I chose luxury firm because I like to sleep on my back and I like it to be a little bit firmer. I also get very hot when I sleep, so making sure that the mattress is nice and breathable is important to me. Nola has free shipping. It comes in a convenient box. You just get it out of the box, remove the plastic, and let it inflate, and then you're good to go. And my cat Carl, as you can see, likes this mattress, too. I kept trying to push him off the bed so that I could film, and well, he kept jumping back on. Carl's brother, Bark, also likes the mattress, but he is camera shy. He just ran away. You can also just give this mattress a shot and see if you like it because Nola offers a 120 night sleep trial. You can get the mattress shipped to you, put it on your bed, give it a shot, and if you don't like it, you can return it. On top of that, they have a limited lifetime warranty. If you're looking to upgrade your sleep, head to nolaamattress.com/jaredhenderson and use the code jared henderson to get an extra $50 off your Nola mattress.

  Top Comments:
  1. @_jared [92 likes]: Click here https://nolahmattress.com/jaredhenderson and use CODE: JAREDHENDERSON to get an extra $50 off your mattress.

And let me know what books you recommend for someone who wants to start reading again!
  2. @mitchelldurward8863 [1 likes]: 13:25 I tried to read Crime And Punishment as my first book I'd read in years, and don't get me wrong, I enjoyed it to an extent, but it is a long book and I didn't finish it and felt so defeated. I instead picked up Percy Jackson because my son was reading them, and that was far more successful.
  3. @jacobgelling-q4x: Catch-22 is such an amazing comedy book that kinda scratches the itch of "accomplishing something" while also being extremely entertaining.
  4. @TrekkieBrie: 20:00 I have a 1924 Cambridge University copy of "Miltons Complete Poems" where someone with the handwriting of that era, did just that. It's fascinating to read the poem, read his annotated thoughts, and see how someone 100 years ago interpreted Milton's works, compared to how I do reading them today.
  5. @cloudburst27: I'm trying to read more fiction again and just books in general, so thank you for this, Jared! Took some notes on the video to apply, but here are a couple of tips for y'all that I'm also about to test:

-----

1. If you play a lot of video games (single-player story-driven ones mainly like me), and reading regular books feel too under-stimulating, try transitioning yourself into reading by playing what you may call "book games". 

I recommend the following:
1. "Lifeline" (2015) by 3 Minute Games (Android/iOS only) (Sci-fi/Horror)
2. "Choice of Robots" (2014) by Choice of Games (Sci-fi)
3. Psy High (2014) by Choice of Games (Drama/Thriller)
4. Sixth Grade Detective (2015) by Choice of Games (Mystery) (short and sweet)

These games are 80-100% just texts, so it's not as stimulating as regular video games, but they're interactive enough (like old-school choose your adventure books) that you won't get bored too easily. 

-----

2. This may sound counter-productive, especially if you're trying to read more fiction, but try reading a non-fiction book that you find at least mildly interesting. 

You don't even have to finish it, just read it as much as possible. If you enjoy it and get to finish it, great, but even if you don't, your brain might return to a lower baseline for stimulation sensititivity (since non-fiction may not have very engaging plots to follow), that jumping into a fiction right after the non-fiction may just be just what the brain wants to not get bored.




All the best and have a good one guys!
  6. @Kaye_Daws: Mfs will say "I don't read because I don't have the attention span for that" and then proceed to not do anything to fix that. It's like saying "I don't like talking to people because I have anxiety" and then instead of finding ways to treat their anxiety (the best way is forcing yourself to talk to people) they just stay home avoiding people which just makes their anxiety worse
  7. @thebepis712: The murderbot series hooked me in a couple years ago, and most recently dungeon crawler carl. Just finished Jurassic park recently. It feels good to be reading again
  8. @RobertJones-st3wj: I read a lot but prefer non fiction
  9. @neil4692: Reading a physical book before bed also helps me personally relax better and help me fall to sleep much easier as compared to not doing it
  10. @IanPatt-oc8ji: I love Pratchett! Anytime I read a challenging literary number, I follow it up with a Discworld novel, just so reading doesn’t begin to feel like a difficult chore:)
  11. @goblin7307: 7:27 funny you mention that, I attended a class that essentially had that premise 😂
We played through RDR2 and analyzed its narrative alongside classic literature. That game is full of literary references! Some of the books we were encouraged to read included Moby Dick, Beloved, True Grit, All The Pretty Horses, The Sound and The Fury etc. The premise *actually worked*, and that class had a bunch of dude bros (and video game skeptics) thinking deeply about these narratives.
  12. @colonelsanders82: I hadn't read a single book to completion in over five years. This year I decided to change that. I've read three books so far, and have a whole new backlog building up. I have definitely found it easy to read at a pace of around 20 pages at a time, long enough to feel like progress but short enough to fit in the gaps of everyday life.
  13. @CarmenCamilleLyonne3.75ips: I have to read in self defense
  14. @PizzaRollExpert: Part of the reason why a certain category of men - my past self included - want to get in to reading is specifically to read books that are philosophical or pushing the limits of the medium. This makes "read what you want to read" not super helpful advice, because that includes a lot of books that are too hard to start with and books that are good for easing yourself into reading often seem kinda uninteresting. My goto getting in to reading advice for men is to treat it a bit like picking up running or starting to go to the gym or something. It can feel frustrating and almost embarrassing in the beginning when you're not very good at it, but it becomes more fun once you improve. Don't have too high expectations or be too hard on yourself when you're just starting out, you just gotta put the hours in for a while until it starts to make sense.
  15. @NarcissaLazarus: A booktuber I like called May Leitz (her channel name is Arsenic Dealer) recently talked about classic Goosebumps books that were designed for middle schoolers and genuinely recommended them as a good starting point for adult wanting to get back into reading, because if you don't have the habit and skills to read something complicated or long then you might as well start with some well crafted 2nd grade literature.
  16. @nameno3696: The point about picking books that are too hard is so true, and Ive never heard anyone else say it
  17. @shittymcrvids3119: I also would recommend e-readers. I read way more since I got one because they are a small and leight weight and easy to hold. You can get them pretty cheaply second hand.
  18. @ash23win: This stigma around "performative male" needs to die, because that's how most people start reading as a performance but somewhere during that they start to enjoy it.
  19. @user-microburst: Shitty novels. That’s why
  20. @LQ2DARESQ: How do I find out what I want to read when everyone on YT and social media tells you what you should read? It starts to get really muddy. How does one go about finding books organically rather than off some top 10 list on YT?

- How to Read (and Understand) Hard Books: Kind: captions Language: en so maybe you're someone who wants to read hard books but maybe you're also worried that you're not going to be able to understand a book or get the most out of it this is a common anxiety from beginners but truthfully even people who have advanced degrees often struggle with getting the most out of what they read so today I want to go over a bit of a guide on how to get the most out of what you read and I am going to use the great Mortimer Adler's book how to read a book as my guide but we're going to talk about Adler's levels of reading and talk about how we can use some of the techniques that Adler suggests in order to get the most out of what we read so there are four types of reading Elementary inspectional analytical and synoptical Elementary reading has to do with just being able to understand a single sentence or understanding words I'm not going to talk about Elementary reading all that much I'm going to assume that all of us are basically literate and can do that kind of reading for ourselves inspectional reading is a kind of quick overview of a text that is going to allow us to figure out what a book is about and give us a sense of familiarity with the book that's going to prepare us for a deeper level of reading later and that deeper level of reading is the analytical read most of this video will be us talking about analytical reading which will come up in just a little bit and then there's synoptical reading which comes after analytical reading I won't talk about that too much in this video but if you stick around to the end you will hear me give some tips for that as well as we talk about the different levels of reading we're going to use one book as an example this is why Orwell Matters by Christopher Hitchens I've been reading a lot of Orwell lately I wanted to read a little bit of secondary literature and since I like what Christopher Hitchens usually writes I decided that I would read his book on Orwell so the very first thing that you need to figure out about a book in order to understand it is to figure out what the book is about and that seems like such an obvious thing but most of us skip that step when we want to start reading a book what we do is we pick it up off the shelf we open it to page one and we just start reading and that's because we usually content ourselves with a very superficial answer to the question what is this book about so if we're looking at Hitchens his book we might just say that the book is about George Orwell and why he matters but if we want to go a little bit deeper and answer that question we need to inspect this book first there are a couple things you can do you can look at the back of the book and read the blurb you can look at the table of contents and look at the different topics that are going to be addressed if the book has an index you could look there to see what kinds of topics come up again and again unfortunately this book does not have an index but a lot of books of philosophy or criticism or something like that will have index and they're very helpful and then finally you might want to do a quick read of the introduction so as I quickly read through the introduction of this book and I look at the table of contents I get a sense of what this book is about I I've started to think that what Hitchens is going to argue is that Orwell is frequently misunderstood and misinterpreted and that we need to look at some of his less popular writings in order to better understand that this is the kind of book that's going to talk about a forgotten or a misinterpreted Orwell rather rather than the Orwell you think you know because you read Animal Farm in 1984 now just doing that quick inspection of this book has been really helpful for one sometimes when you do that you're going to realize that you're not ready to read this book I'm someone who's read a fair amount of the non-fiction of orell so I feel like reading this book is good for me right now but maybe you've never read any of Orwell's essays and if you notice that Hitchens is going to talk a lot about the essays you might want to go and read those first it also might help you to figure out which chapters are going to be most interesting to you if you have a particular interest in feminism well chapter six of this book Orwell and the feminist is probably going to be the chapter that most interests you so maybe you might even read that chapter first to see if it pays off so Adler calls this whole inspection we've just done the pre-read by pre-reading a book We Now understand what it's about and we're going to feel a little bit more comfortable as we go in and read it the next step is to actually start reading the book but we're going to read it really quickly and Adler calls this step The Superficial read and he still calls this part of inspectional reading but Adler gives one important rule you don't stop to ponder or look up anything that you don't understand that's going to come later when we get to analytical reading as you do this superficial reading you're going to want to make some light annotations so grab a pencil and get started when we're doing all of this stuff Adler says that we are trying to achieve understanding or even Enlightenment it's all part of this broader project of learning new things we're all trying to learn new things and if that's the kind of thing that interests you then I want to talk to you about today's sponsor skillshare you've probably heard about skillshare it's an online community where you can take courses learn new skills and learn how to put them to work by joining skillshare you get access to any and all of the courses in their catalog two of the courses that I have really benefited from were Marquez browny's course on YouTube which taught me about lenses and lighting and editing and all of this stuff and also a course on graphic design understanding typography and layout all of this stuff was interesting to me but I didn't really know where I could go and learn it those skillshare courses were exactly what I needed but maybe you're interested in 3D modeling and blender or using AI in your art or learning how to use a tool like notion skillshare has courses for all of that the first 500 people who use my link down below will get a free month of skill share so go check it out and see what you could be learning thank you again to skillshare for helping me make this video so let's Flash Forward in time a bit and let's assume that I have done my superficial read of this book later on I'm going to want to come back and do my analytical read the analytical read is where you actually dive deep into the text where you make heavier and heavier annotations and you take real notes and you try to get everything you can out of this book we can say that there are six steps to analytical reading the first one is to just classify the book if you've already done your inspectional read you've basically done this so we'll keep this quick we know that this is a work of non-fiction since it's about George Orwell we can get a little bit more specific and we can say that it's a work of literary criticism and we might even say that it's about political writing because of the table of contents so we'll just say that this is a work of literary criticism focused on political writing and in particular George Orwell so now we've classified the book we kind of know how to engage with the book understanding that the book is a work of non-fiction means that we're going to treat it very differently than if it were a novel or a poetry collection the second step is to x-ray the book this is roughly what we did by systematically skimming the book and then by pre-reading we are just looking through the book and trying to see what we can find here's another thing that you could learn if you just look through the table of contents here there are 10 chapters here and each one seems relatively self-contained while all of the chapters are about similarish topics none of them seem to clearly build on each other so that means that these are written a little bit more like independent essays rather than say a biography of George Orwell which would be written in mostly chronological order let me give you a quick other example of a different kind of book so you can see how looking at structure can be very Illuminating I've been working on a project where I read a lot of political philosophy and one of the things I needed to learn about was Marxism well I could read all of like the works of Marx but I wanted some kind of big history to help me understand the development of Marxism throughout history and that's why I started reading leak kolakowski main currents of Marxism this book is thick and dense as you can tell I'm not actually very far if we look at the structure of this book what we actually discover is that it's three volumes and that's because kakowski actually wrote three books and it later got put into one big book and those volumes are called the founders the Golden Age and the breakdown so you can tell this is a very critical history of Marxism it's going to start with all of the early philosophical influences that sort of lay a foundation for Marx it's going to go through the height of Marx is writing and then his early reception and then it's going to lead to what kak Housey calls the breakdown every volume Builds on the previous volume and every chapter Builds on the previous chapter so this is a very different kind of book than hitchin' book on Orwell hitch's book on Orwell might let me skip around to just see what I want to read kolakowski book probably needs to be read from front to back probably many times over to get the most out of it so now as we continue our analytical reading where we're really deeply reading this book from front to back we are coming to step three which is to come to terms with the author and what this means is that we need to Define key terms that the author uses on a regular basis here's a term that you probably don't even think about defining when you read a book like this but it's actually pretty important and that's George Orwell it would be helpful if you could write a sentence or two to describe who Orwell was and when he lived but just looking at some terms here we're going to need to Define what left and right mean mean in politics what feminism means what postmodernism means and that is just the start as I read the rest of this book I will find terms that I don't understand or that I think are interesting and I'm going to want to see how Hitchens defines them this by the way is crucial when you start reading philosophy which is really my specialty you need to be able to understand the terms that a philosopher employs and you need to be able to Define them for yourself this is crucial in philosophy but actually it's helpful for any kind of non-fiction so the next step in your analytical reading is to determine the author's message since I am talking about this book before I have read it all the way through I can't tell you in detail what hitchin' message is in why Orwell matters I gave you a very general idea of it early on when I said it would be about why Orwell still matters in the 21st century and how we commonly misinterpret him but that's a very general answer what we want to know actually are the specific ways that people have misinterpreted him the specific ways in which Orwell still matters today after all anybody could write this the sentence Orwell still matters in the 21st century but that just wouldn't be interesting you could write that without even reading Orwell but of course Hitchens is very familiar with Orwell and he's going to make arguments and evidence and we want to see what he actually says what we want to do is identify the specific positions and then figure out not just what Hitchin says about Orwell but why he says it and once we figured out that why question we're able to move to step five which is to criticize the book fairly in order to criticize a book fairly we want to do our best to actually understand what an author says and why he says it and then we want to see whether or not what he says is true we want to look at the author's arguments but we also want to look at the different kinds of arguments that we could come up with for either those same positions or for contrary positions it's helpful here to play Devil's Advocate and make arguments that you might not yet find convincing just to try them out all of this is part of a process of engaging with ideas and I would say that once you've started into this step this is where we can say that you really have a grasp on the material because not only can you say what Hitchens said and not only can you say why Hitchens said what he said you can actually figure out whether or not Hitchens was right and the sixth step is to decide your own conclusion now you've been working towards this in step five but in Step six what you're doing is trying to come to a bit of a final pronouncement I understand that it can feel a little bit strange to come to a final pronouncement about a book uh as if it's almost disrespectful here again because after all the book has shown itself to be complex and interesting and nuanced well your position about why you disagree with it should also be complex and interesting and nuanced there's no disrespect in saying that you disagree with a book there's no disrespect in saying that an author that you read and even admired was dead wrong about something by taking their ideas seriously reading their books thoroughly and then engaging with the ideas in good faith you are showing the ultimate respect even if you come to the conclusion that they are are absolutely wrong so this brings us to Adler's final kind of reading synoptical reading synoptical reading involves reading multiple books about the same subject generating a bibliography or a list of books that you want to read reading all of them analytically and then comparing how they use terms how they come to their different positions comparing their arguments and assessing them in conversation with one another so it's not just me having this conversation with Hitchens through his book but it's me and Hitchens and Orwell and other political writers all having a conversation together that is the art of synoptical reading but synoptical reading is difficult it's the kind of thing that if you go and get a PhD in the humanities you spend a lot of time developing that skill and even after you've developed it for a while it still takes a lot of work but for now I would say we can just focus on working on our analytical reading skills so that when we read a single hard book we can still get the most out of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @_jared [399 likes]: A few notes:

1. Hitchens isn't the hardest author to read, but his book served as a decent example for the purposes of this video (and I had the book ready at hand). 

2. Throughout, I mentioned synoptical reading — but Adler wrote about syntopical reading. A helpful commenter corrected me (and apparently many others have made that mistake).
  2. @vVBuffalo8y8 [1 likes]: 1. Elementary reading: being able to read; being literate 
1:38 2. Inspectional reading or Pre-reading: reading metalevel information about the book—found in back cover, table of contents,introduction, etc. 
3:53 3. Superficial reading: reading and annotating without analyzing.
5:39 4. Analytical reading: reading stage where you dive deep into the book
5:57 I. Classify the book to engage with it as fit
6:33 II. X-ray the book: know the structure of the book
8:31 III: Come to terms with the author 
9:27 IV: Determine the purpose of the book
10:27 V: Criticize the book fairly
11:16 VI: Decide your own conclusion 
12:04 5: Synoptic ready: reading stage where you critically synthesize different statements, books, etc
  3. @davideselmin8018 [1 likes]: It takes time, read and read and read...
  4. @jakefrosher: Thanks
  5. @dradbelson2736: Ight brb in a few years when I have read Jordan Petersons Maps of Meaning twice 👍
  6. @timepass-g3b: I will apply this steps to study my academy books. I git boards exam coming up I will let y'all know if I improved even a bit.😊😊
  7. @travelvlogsroadto30subs26: Reading i who ahve never known men rn
  8. @MKhalidking: How do i get most of the information in analaytical understanding
  9. @MissKazumi-1: Great video, Thanks
  10. @lenin_from_agartha: It's syntopical* reading, not synoptical
  11. @edgartokman4898: Lionel Trilling's generation, part of the mid-century New York intellectuals, read hard, analytical, and intellectually demanding books by approaching literature as a critical tool for exploring the "moral life," navigating the "bloody crossroads" of literature and politics, and examining the complex relationship between the individual and society. They did not simply read for pleasure or plot; they read with high seriousness, aiming to use literature to understand the "lost thought-worlds" of the past and, through contrast, analyze the urgent crises of their present.
  12. @EAJohnson_03: lol "blurb" pissed me off
  13. @DrZario1: Does this apply to story books
  14. @john-johnson-h3x: Enjoyed the video. 
It is syntopical reading, rather than synoptical.
  15. @jamesdsteele99: I feel like superficial reading, that first quick read through a book, could be s challenge with epics like The Metamorphoses or the The Iliad.
  16. @SighbowHakai: Thank you I feel like i am below average iq, idk why my grades aren't bad but I dont feel like a deserve mid grades as if school is on easy mode.
  17. @JustineWiniker: I just listen to Christopher Hitchens on YouTube.
  18. @Nikolai.A.McGuire: I'm personally a bigger fan of reading a summery and reading everything with that type of idea in mind. Better than doing it raw, not the best, but gets me more out of my read of the book.
  19. @rko2016: "how to read a book" is too difficult for beginner readers like me, which forms a frustrating catch-22.
  20. @focusaddiction3460: Ive been reading my whole life and still haven't had the courage to read Infinite Jest, just based on peoples review of it.

- How to Write a Killer First Chapter | 10 Expert Tips to Hook Your Readers: Kind: captions Language: en hey writers are you struggling with that very first chapter or have you written it 10 times already and you're just not sure if it's good enough I've been there I'm going to share with you my best 10 tips on how to nail that first chapter first I want you to stop the analysis paralysis and just write the darn thing I get it when you're writing a new book it can be so challenging because you have all this pressure to get it right in the first chapter but done is better than perfect so start writing and know that you will improve it later your first draft is not going to be your final draft so getting something down is better than hoping and wishing that you would tip number two start with a bang you want to hook your readers and grab their attention you want your reader to feel something emotionally and that can happen through dialogue or through a really unique opening sentence an example from my book way of the exaltan the last emotion in sinderion emotions are forbidden love is weakness faith is rebellion are you hooked tip three we're going to want to introduce your protagonist we want to feel something for this character do not overload it with a bunch of backstory but let us know why this person should matter to us and what can we expect from this character going forward give glimpses into their personality through dialogue and action in my first chapter we see k a tasked with delivering a grim reassignment order immediately revealing her internal conflict between loyalty to the system and her growing doubts tip four is establish the stakes readers want to know what your character has to gain or lose in this situation tip five I mentioned this earlier but it's really important skip the info dump your world building is important to you but this can be revealed in time to your reader you don't have to give everything away all at once it's more important to weave in the action and connect readers to the character that is what's going to hook them in the book and then you can share the details later on number six is to make sure you show don't tell so instead of saying sinderion the society was oppressive I want to show through action and through dialogue how exactly sinderion is oppressive tip number seven is introduce conflict this is have to be life or death conflict although it could but even uh something small or subtle that's going to give readers an idea about what the characters are going to struggle with tip number eight is end with a hook give the readers a reason to turn the next page this could be a surprising Revelation a cliffhanger or even just an unanswered question we see this method used all the time because it works the first chapter ends with Kiara catching a glimpse of forbidden data hinting that she's on the brink of uncovering the truth about cerion tip number nine is show your voice do not try to write or sound like anyone else make sure that your unique voice your unique writing style and through the lens of your characters with their personality and their tone of voice make sure that that shines through immediately in the first chapter and tip number 10 is revise revise revise your final draft so ask for friends family beta readers to give you feedback and know that writing is better than doing nothing so you're on the right track which tip are you most excited to try which one are you dreading if you're feeling really Brave go ahead and leave me the first line of your chapter and I'll give you some feedback on it and maybe some other people can comment and give you some guidance as well here's to writing Journey I'm so excited to have you join me and if you want a free copy of my pre Quil coming out called the shadows of Nexus leave a comment and I will get that to you right away just comment me and I'll send you that link Thanks for liking and subscribing and I hope that this has been helpful happy writing

  Top Comments:
  1. @bazoo513 [1 likes]: 0:55 - Frankly, Heather? My reaction was "Groooan, not another one!" But it was honest - it will either hook the reader or stop them wasting their time.
  2. @calebbeselt4983 [1 likes]: Thanks for the advice! Here is my first line for a story about a small group of friends trying to survive and partly on the run after one of them gets targeted upon the discovery that they are a Formshifter:
“What usually would have been a long night filled conversation between two girls Annaiya and Clare-Cadence (or Claredence as her friends called her), but this particular night was instead replaced by a void of silence. They sat just beyond a thick forest on a cliff face, with their feet dangling over the edge.”
  3. @heatherchoateauthor: What’s your favorite tip?  Which one scares you?

- How to read books when you hate reading?: Kind: captions Language: en well welcome to the channel if you're watching this video you're probably wondering so how do i get into reading books or you're just watching because there's nothing else to watch either way before that actually do something back ready now so how do you get into reading so the first thing i'd say i would say is find your why why why why why why do why do you want to start reading because you want to learn a specific subject because you want to learn about a person or just you just interested in in picking up a new hobby either way i think knowing why you're starting to read is definitely the foundation stepping stone to getting into reading so best advice i can give for beginner reader when i say beginners i mean people that literally went from school and then stopped we never read having read a book since high school and then trying again to actually reading pick a book that is about something that you're interested in or a person that you find interesting or would like to know more about them i know this is easier said than done but hear me out so if it's a person actually boom so matthew mcconaughey right you let's say you like you know an actor that you love to you love to know more about their life find out if they have an autobiography now i'm not saying that every person that you find interesting will have an autobiography but if they do have one i highly highly recommend picking it up just because autobiographies most of the time tend to be an easier read they've written by the the person itself which means that really they're not a writer and that means that the book will be easier to read as an easy flow up a book that's mainstream in that subject now why is that so if a book is mainstream they tend to be written quite simply if it's let's say a subject of meditation is going to be generalized to all types of meditation what it means etc the great thing is those books tend to be very comprehensible as well once you read that book you're going to read it you're starting to read now you finished one book but maybe from that book that you read you pick up a book that now is more focused towards that niche right [Music] i'll give you a bit of a story here so i picked up a book denial of death now sounded very fancy and i thought to myself oh that sounds yeah i mean it sounds quite interesting right the nile of death god knows what that's about right to be fair the reviews did say it was a complex book it's very sort of full provoking but it's very complex and i thought to myself well i mean i'm now two to three years into reading i'm sure i can handle a you know average size what 300 page book like i'm sure that'll be fine no yeah i mean there was a lot of there was a lot of things that i didn't understand the words that were written in the book were very complex and um the subject was again very very complex it was a very niche subject and spell red red l-s-t-e-r i've got a few few things out of this book but i want to say if i read this book maybe 10 years down the line i'll probably understand way more of it than i do now all i'm trying to say is just be careful try to pick a book that's fairly simple to read at first and then get into your harder books if you like the subject or the niche or maybe you're just smart i don't mean you can comprehend everything [Applause] you don't have to finish a book now if you're halfway through the book and the book is not interesting in a way you're starting to get bored you're not comprehending it maybe or if you're losing the excitement of reading the book then just stop you don't have to trust me your ego and my ego gets in the way don't you don't have to finish a book you just drop it because one it will save you time i promise you once you lose interest in a book it will take you so long to read it and two uh you get demotivated from reading other books if you're forcing yourself to read a book that doesn't interest you once you do finish it you probably lose interest in reading and you start reading less and less until you stop reading pick up a new book move on finish it later don't worry about it so the first book i actually read out of high school most people probably know this book it's not the bible it doesn't look like it doesn't it um it's close to the bible no it's not it's the secret the the great thing about this book is fairly sh it's very short uh it's written so simply you can see i mean there's like paragraph a paragraph is like a sentence this the written social the book is quite small as well and um it's probably one of the most fundamental book you can read if you don't know what to pick up or if you don't know which which book you want to read first i would highly highly recommend the secret it takes all the boxes that i went over in terms of tips so it's a simple read it's a very fundamental book and very generic it covers a lot of topics in this book and i think from once you read the book you can kind of pick a subject that goes into more detail about whatever is it that you're interested in in the link below i've actually put in like a list of my top five books for beginners and i would highly highly recommend you to read before i end it i want to ask you guys in the comments below let me know what is your favorite book of all time any subject fictional non-fictional let me know what is your favorite book i'm very interested to see what you guys are reading and what's your maybe you got some advice for me in terms of books that i you know i could read thank you for sticking until the end i do appreciate it well don't forget to subscribe like comment below let me know what you guys think of the video i'll see you next week bye until something happened okay

- The 6-Scene Pattern Bestselling Authors Use to Hook Readers: Kind: captions Language: en You've heard it before. Every scene must go the next. It sounds clever, promising, even. Some people even wrote hundreds of pages pretending that's all it takes to be a so-called story genius. But let's be honest, if that were all it took, everyone would already be a best-selling author. Go and effect alone won't save your story. What matters here is which kind of scene is causing the next and in what order. Bestselling authors and top screenwriters understand this. The chain isn't random. It's driven by six distinct types of scenes. each one opening a very specific fork in the road for your characters. And those forks aren't interchangeable. They unfold in a deliberate progression that forces your characters to face parts of their internal conflict. So, let's start at the very beginning with the first type of scene, the inciting incident. Obviously, this isn't an inciting incident in the traditional sense, the one that kicks off your story, but it's the one that sets off carefully designed progressions known as sequences. Sequences are one part of the storytelling frameworks that have developed called the story pillars method which has received an overwhelming amount of success among fiction writers. It was designed to build on what already works and to fill the gaps where most writers are usually left in the dark. So, if you'd like to dive deeper into the full method, make sure to subscribe. Right. So, every sequence begins with an inciting incident, a scene that shakes the ground beneath your character's feet and destabilizes the current status quo. whether it is your protagonist or simply the POV character in focus. Speaking of which, sequences are structured a tad differently depending on whether your story follows a single protagonist or multiple point of view. But don't worry, we'll get to that in a minute. For now, let's look at a sequence from one of my favorite TV series, Desperate Housewives. In this sequence, we follow Susan, a single mom hiding a pretty dark secret. She accidentally sets her neighbor Brit's house on fire. And Edy isn't just a neighbor. She's also Susan romantic rival. Both women are interested in the new guy on the street, Mike Delino. During the chaos of the accident, Susan drops a measuring cup without realizing it, which is later found by another neighbor, Martha Uber. What triggers the sequence is when Martha eventually realizes that the measuring cup belongs to Susan. So, the inciting incident scene is when Martha visits Susan. She shows up with a pie. Polite, even generous on the surface. >> Mrs. Hoover. >> Hello, Susan. I made you a pie. >> Wow. Why do I need a motive to do something nice? >> Until Martha finally accuses her of setting Eddie's house on fire and pulls out the measuring cup as evidence. Susan denies it, but things quickly begin to escalate, pushing us straight into the second type of scene, the progressive complications. This is where things get messy for your characters and tension starts stacking up. One complication can work, but stacking escalating challenges makes your protagonist's world increasingly unstable and far more immersive for your reader. These complications can be external things happening around them or internal shifts in their thoughts, feelings, or gut instincts. Back in the spread's wives, we see the stakes climb pretty fast. After denying Martha's accusation, Susan runs into her at the grocery store. >> You shouldn't be rude to me, Susan. Your secret is not an easy burden to bear. That insurance company is putting Edie through hell. But still, I've said nothing. Well, >> and the longer it takes for her to get payment, the longer she'll be staying with me, eating me out of house and home, using up my hot water. >> Martha hints that if Susan doesn't pay for her groceries, she'll turn her in. It's blackmail and Susan gives in. Sooner or later, all that pressure that you've piled on your characters will snap. Which brings us to the third type of scenes, the turning point. This is the twist that drives the sequence in an irreversible direction. It forces your protagonist to confront the very dilemma set in motion by the inciting incident scene. A choice between two or more paths, each carrying real consequences for your characters. In other words, what started the sequence as disruption now hardens into decision. In Desperate O's Wives, the turning point hits when Susan comes home to a voicemail from Martha. This time demanding $600 to replace her broken water heater. >> I need to talk to you. My water heater just burst and it's going to cost me $600 to get a new one and I can't afford that. The blackmail has escalated far beyond groceries and Susan realizes that if she doesn't act, things will only spiral. That realization pushes us into the next type of scene, the crisis and contemplation. Quick question while we here, and feel free to answer in the comments. I was wondering if you were already structuring your story using sequences or if this was a new way for you to look at your draft. So yeah, let me know in the comments. All right, so the crisis and contemplation scene is where the emotional weight of the inciting incident scene finally lands. If you're anything like me, you've probably agonized here, debating what your character would really do, because acting will cost them something, but so will doing nothing. In Desperate Housewives, there are actually two crisis and contemplation scenes in this sequence. First, Susan tells her daughter the whole truth about the fire and Martha's blackmail. This leads to a dialogue where Susan says that she's considering turning herself into the police and hoping that they understand it was an accident. But her daughter, Julie, points out the consequences. Doing so would mean losing custody of her. >> You can't do that, >> Julie. I don't think they'll throw me in jail. I mean, it was an accident. Dad won't care if it was an accident. You know, he'll just use this as an excuse to reopen custody. In the second scene, Susan and Judy wait another option, breaking into Martha's house to retrieve the measuring cup. Susan hesitates since it means involving Judy in a break-in, but Julie plays devil's advocate. Technically is not theft since the measuring cup is theirs to begin with. After contemplating the costs of each option, your protagonist eventually makes a choice and that decision launches the next type of scene, the climax. This is where the choice turns into action and the plan plays out on the page. In Desperate Housewives, Susan and Judy wait for Martha to leave, stage a Frisbee game on the street, and throw it into Martha's garden as cover for Julie to sneak in and retrieve the measuring cup. And once the plan has played out, there's still one final step because every sequence needs to show us not just the action, but the consequences. It's that closing scene that reveals what's changed and whether your character's new normal is stronger or shakier than before. And that final scene type is the resolution. The resolution scene is where we see the consequences of the climax, the ripple effect of the choice your protagonist made. It marks a clear before and after both externally and internally. And it closes the sequence by revealing a new status quo, even if it's temporary. In Desperado's Wives, Martha visits Susan again, but this time everything has changed. Suzanne is waiting for her outside, symbolizing that she won't let Martha invade her home or her personal space again. >> You took it, didn't you? >> Good evening, Mrs. Hooper. >> It's my own fault for not hiding the cup. Obviously, if you're capable of arson, I should have known you'd be capable of breaking and entering. >> I don't know what you're talking about, Mrs. Hooper. >> And unlike at the beginning, Susan no longer denies that the measuring cup was hers. I suppose you destroyed it. >> Again, I don't know what you're talking about, but yeah, I did. >> So, when designing sequences for your own novel or when revising your draft, ask yourself, what disruption launches this sequence, and how does it reframe your character's status quo? How will the next scene keep raising pressure, stacking new costs, obstacles, or details that make the situation harder to escape? What scene makes it impossible for your protagonist to ignore the problem? What scene will show the characters weighing the options and the unavoidable consequences of each? What scene shows the chosen path being played out on the page? And finally, what scene shows how the character's status quo is now different from the opening of the sequence and how that change echoes forward into what's next. Now, I get asked this all the time. If you've got multiple POVs, do they all follow the same sequence structure? The short answer is no. Each point of view carries its own chain. But let me show you what that looks like. In a multiplay story like Desperate Housewives or even Game of Thrones, each character runs on their own internal sequence, meaning their own inciting incident, progressive complications, turning point, crisis and contemplation, climax, and resolution. If we start simple, here's what that can look like. Imagine chapter 1 follows POV1. That could be the inciting incident of sequence A. Chapter 2 switches to POV2, and that's the inciting incident of sequence B. Then chapter 3 returns to POV 1 with a progressive complication scene for sequence A. Chapter 4 switches back to POV 2 for a progressive complication scene in sequence B and so on so forth. But in practice, it's rarely this neat. Sequences don't all move at the same pace when POV might need several progressive complication scenes before hitting a turning point scene, while another could be ready to escalate much faster. So you could end up with something like this. Chapter 11 is the inciting incident of sequence C for POV1. While chapter 12 jumps straight into the turning point scene of sequence D for POV2. The key idea is this. Each POV still follows the same internal order of scene types. Those chains might whiff together in your novel, but each one needs to stand on its own as a complete sequence. So there you have it. Sequences and not just cause and effect, but the deliberate chain that actually makes your story work. You can use them to fasttrack plotting from scratch or if you're revising, you can use them to spot missing scene types that weakened the flow. Once your sequences are solid, the next step is to master the scenes inside them. I've made a full breakdown on that which you can watch right here. And if it's not ready yet, then you'll find here my deep dive on dialogue instead where I break down the Martha and Susan scene that kicked off this sequence. Writers have said that video made dialogue clicked for them like nothing else before. I'm Julian Mlet. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @writerLadyLiAndre [6 likes]: The sequence you're describing is what I use for the act structure. In three act structure,  the first act is the fear phase - fear is usually what prevents a character from moving forward across the Threshold. The second act is the learning phase where, through a series of "tests", the character comes to understand the challenge. After the Ordeal, they take the Reward gained and move into the third act - the proof phase. The final climax of the story is the proof that the character has either changed, or changed the story world. Sometimes both. Each act follows the sequence you described. In my epic novels, each chapter also follows the same sequence, which I call journey steps. I originally found the pattern accidentally as I wrote my first book. Shortly after that, I encountered Campbell's Hero's Journey. But I've come to realize that a novel is a collection of interwoven journeys. By using journey frameworks, I never have "sagging middles" that so many YouTube authors seem to worry about. You just need to make sure your story has enough journeys to support the length you are aiming for.
  2. @DevynNicks [5 likes]: Hi Julian! I also use this on a micro level with a chapter's structure.
  3. @aarkmish8087 [4 likes]: Many people dismiss Desperate Housewives as just another soap opera, missing out on a brilliantly written series full of clever twists and richly drawn, unforgettable characters.
  4. @diivviine [4 likes]: Question here Julian: Do you consider a sequence a sort of "mini arc" or does this span over the full novel?

- Marie (super vidéo!)
  5. @BillyRuffian10005 [3 likes]: Holy crap, Batman! A YouTube writing advice video that is actually correct and useful! (That said, you're conflating POV and perspective.) Also, way to check list for prose fiction. This sounds more appropriate to screenwriting. Doesn't take into consideration structure choices and how the information unfolds.
  6. @jenni-i4w2u [2 likes]: I have multiple plot lines things that needs to happen. In the middle of the story happens too much. There is this antagonistic force that needs to show up, antagonistic forces the protagonist train in few different ways, there is this romantic subplot that should continue, there is another antagonist from the past, one character was missing and is found and lots of tiny details that matters and those needs to be written. I think I just have a huge mess.
  7. @vera_kolesnikov [2 likes]: Merci beaucoup
  8. @RoxanaLine [1 likes]: Yay, here’s a new video on my favorite channel!!
  9. @jenlovirginia [1 likes]: I was so excited to see that you posted a new video!! This is a nice clarification of each of the storytelling pillars as scenes. Thanks for giving us a frame of reference for each of them! The "Turning Point" scene explanation was particularly helpful to me.

I'd love to see more examples using classics, too, such as Pride and Prejudice, The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe, etc. The Greatest Showman is one I would LOVE to see in examples, too!!

Also, I completed my novel outline using the Storytelling Pillars structure, and I'm so excited about it. Working on my first draft now. It's so much better than if I'd tried to use the popular Hero's Journey, 3 Act Structure, outline. While understanding those structures has helped me in my understanding of plot, they always left me with some holes I wasn't sure how to fill. This more detailed framework is perfect for the type of writer I am, and I'm very grateful for these videos.
  10. @djeis_pr8pw.292 [1 likes]: Glad I caught this early!
  11. @julianmaylett: 👉 Need my help with your novel? https://julianmaylett.com/mentorship
  12. @TheLindarosewood: What I appreciate about your Six Pillars structure is that it takes what I already know to a higher level, just as you suggest they will. I've written stories with "cause and effect" connections between beats using the "Inside Outline" method by Jennie Nash (Blueprint for a Book) which is an excellent method for getting an outline for a novel. I also have turned my ideas into an outline using Story Genius by Lisa Cron. Your Six Pillars method enriches whatever I've come up with so far. My next book will be so much easier to write, and edit because I've thought through and explicitly included these Six Pillars at every level of story.. I find that I have, simply through my own creative inspiration and feel for story, written beats with these Pillars, but sometimes they are missing parts, or don't include a Key Character when they could for a more dramatic story. 

Your videos are great, Julian, and I hope that thousands more writers come to find them.
  13. @nonyabizness956: Ugh you have so quickly become my absolute favorite writing YouTuber!

Your stuff is fantastic dude keep up the good work. Every video you've made so far has been genuinely useful and thought provoking and I'm simply in love with your channel! Ah! 

✨🩷🩷🩷🩷✨
  14. @harigovind4914: This seems the same as the pinch points and mid point in the three act structure.
  15. @scruffypupper: You had me up until the Desperate Housewives examples. That the best you could come up with or do you assume your viewers watch that garbage?

- I Analysed 100 Opening Lines. Here's What Makes Readers Obsessed: Kind: captions Language: en Over the last 3 months, I have developed what you might call an unhealthy obsession with opening lines. I've analyzed over a hundred opening lines from best-selling novels. Not just any novels, books that readers couldn't put down. Books that spawned fandoms. Books that people stayed up until 3:00 a.m. reading. Why on earth did I do this? Well, I wanted to answer one simple question. What makes an opening line so compelling that readers become obsessed? Here's what I discovered. Most writing advice about opening lines is completely wrong. People tell you to start with action or dialogue or a mysterious statement, but that's not what the data shows. After analyzing 100 bestsellers, I found four specific patterns that turn casual browsers into obsessed readers. And none of them are what you'd expect. Let me tell you why I started this experiment. Last year, I was working with a client. Brilliant storyteller, incredible plot, characters to die for. But her opening line was killing her book. Beta readers weren't hooked. Early reviewers were bouncing off in the first paragraph. Even her mother had said she wasn't sure about the beginning. We rewrote it using one of the patterns I'm about to share with you. The result, her book launched to rave reviews, hit bestseller lists within 2 months, all because of one sentence. Same story, same characters, completely different opening line. And that's when I realized opening lines aren't just important. They're everything. Now, before I dive into the patterns, let me be clear about something. I didn't analyze random opening lines. I specifically chose books that created obsession. Books where readers immediately devoured the entire series. Books that launch careers. Books that people still talk about years later. Because there's a difference between a good opening line and obsession creating opening lines. After studying a hundred of the best, four patterns emerged, and none of them are what the writing guides teach you. Pattern one is the emotional contradiction. This is a pattern I've not heard anybody talk about. Most writers think opening lines need to be dramatic or mysterious. But the most obsessive openings create what I call emotional whiplash. They set up one emotional expectation, then immediately subvert it. Here's an example of what I mean. All children except one grow up. This is how JM Barry opens Peter Pan with what seems like a comforting universal truth. But that exception, except one, immediately creates unease. It's an emotional contradiction. You have comfort and uncertainty. The pattern works because it creates cognitive tension. Our brains don't like contradictions. We keep reading to resolve the conflict. And so here is how to use it. Start with a statement that seems to point in one emotional direction, then add a detail that pulls it towards the opposite emotion. An example would be, "Jess had always been lucky in love until the morning she found her husband's other wedding ring. Starts with happiness, ends with betrayal, instant emotional whiplash, and instant obsession from your readers." The second pattern that emerged was the intimate universal. This one surprised me. The most obsessive opening lines don't start with big dramatic events. They start with small, deeply relatable moments that feel universal. But here's the key. They make the universal feel intimate. Like the author is speaking directly to something you've experienced, but never put into words. It was the best of times. It was the worst of times. Dickens isn't talking about specific events. He's capturing that feeling that we all have that life is simultaneously wonderful and terrible. Universal experience made intimate through specific language. And here is another. If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born and what my lousy childhood was like. Salinger opens catcher in the rye by acknowledging something universal, our curiosity about other people's origins. But he makes it intimate by having Holden speak directly to us. The pattern works because readers think this author gets me. And here's how to use it. Find a small universal human experience, then present it in a way that feels like a personal confession. Everybody lies about their first heartbreak, but I'll tell you the truth about mine. You can see the universal experience heartbreak, but it's made intimate by the personal confession. Readers will lean in immediately. The third pattern that emerged was something that I call the temporal disruption. This pattern broke my brain when I discovered it. The most obsessive opening lines mess with time. Not in obvious ways. It was the year 2087 or once upon a time. They create subtle temporal confusion that makes readers feel slightly offbalance. Another example would be last night I dreamt I went to Manderly again. Daphne Dmorier opens Rebecca by placing us in three different time periods simultaneously. We have last night, the recent past, the dream, which is timeless, and again, which is the distant past. Our brains have to work to orient ourselves. We keep reading to find stability. And another example, it was a bright cold day in April and the clocks were striking 13. Orwell starts 1984 with a date that feels normal and then adds an impossible detail. This temporal disruption creates unease without readers understanding why. We don't know when we are in the story. And here's how to use it. Play with verb tenses. Mix past and present. Reference future events in past tense. An example would be, "Tomorrow I wish I hadn't opened that door, but today I can't help myself." This creates temporal vertigo that keeps readers reading. If you want help crafting an opening line that uses these patterns effectively, one that hooks agents and readers from sentence one, this is exactly something we can help you with in our editorial services as well as editing your entire book and of course publishing it. There are links in the description below. The fourth pattern that emerged was something called the false certainty. This is probably the most sophisticated pattern, and it's the one that separates good opening lines from legendary ones. The most obsessive openings sound completely certain about something that's actually uncertain. They present information with total confidence, but plant subtle seeds of doubt. Here is an example. It was the day my grandmother exploded. This is how Ian Banks opens the crow road with what sounds like a definitive statement, but as you read, you realize exploded might not mean what you think it means. False certainty creates trust and then immediately undermines it. So here's another example. They say in the moment before you die, your life flashes before your eyes. Sounds like the narrator knows something definitive about death, but the phrase they say immediately introduces doubt. Who are they? How do they know? Can we trust this? And this pattern works because it exploits a cognitive bias. We trust confident statements, but we're also curious about uncertainty. False certainty gives us both simultaneously. Another great example is I am an invisible man. This is how Ralph Ellison opens invisible man with what seems like a clear statement of fact. But what does invisible mean? Does he mean this literally, metaphorically, socially? The certainty is actually complete ambiguity. And here's how to use it in your own writing. Make a definitive statement about something inherently uncertain. Use confident language about ambiguous concepts. So, let me give you one I cooked up. The thing about dying is that it's surprisingly inconvenient. This sounds certain, but actually raises more questions than it answers. Perfect false certainty. So, why do these patterns work so well? After analyzing a 100 opening lines, I realized something important. Obsessive opening lines don't just hook readers. They actually rewire their brains. Each pattern triggers a different neurological response. Emotional contradiction creates cognitive dissonance. We need a resolution. And the intimate universal activates mirror neurons. We feel understood. Temporal disruption engages our spatial reasoning. We need to find that orientation again. And full certainty triggers curiosity. We need clarification. All four patterns make reading feel necessary, not optional. You're probably now wondering, does your opening line create obsession? Well, here are four questions you can ask. Does it create emotional tension? Is there a contradiction? Does it feel personally relevant? That would be intimate universal. Does it disorient the reader slightly? Temporal disruption. And does it raise questions while seeming definitive? If your answer is no to all four, well then you need a new opening line. If you answer yes to even one, well then you're on the right track. If you answer yes to multiple patterns, sounds like you are well on your way to creating an opening line that will spark obsession in your readers. Now, let me show you these patterns in action. Before Sarah walked into the coffee shop and ordered her usual arte boring, no patterns, no obsession. But if we improve this, it would read something like Sarah ordered her latte for the last time, though she wouldn't realize it until her husband called with the news. This of course has an emotional contradiction because you have the usual routine versus life-changing news. You have temporal disruption, present action, future knowledge, past realization, full certainty from last time, but then you have vague news. And so these patterns in one sentence create instant obsession. Ultimately, obsession isn't created by drama. It's created by psychological tension. The best opening lines don't tell us what happens. They rewire how we think about what might happen. They make reading feel urgent, necessary, and inevitable. Your opening line isn't just the first sentence of your book. It's the reason readers become obsessed with your story. And now you know the four patterns that make it happen. Use them wisely because your readers are waiting to be obsessed by your writing. And you just have to give them a reason. If you want help crafting an opening line that uses these patterns to hook readers from word one, check out my editorial services in the description down below. And I'd love to hear from you in the comments. Which of these patterns are you going to try first? And even better than that, I'd love it if you put your first lines in the comments down below so that we can work on them together, improve them, and see if we can create some obsessive first lines. YouTube will now be recommending another one of my writing videos to help you write your book.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bookkkss [1 likes]: "She looks happy, the kind you only read about."
  2. @annetaylor-wx5dk [1 likes]: My first line.  'In the spy business there are rules.....he didn't care.
  3. @Morzo-777 [1 likes]: My opening line for a historical fiction story set in ancient China: Tian Jian looked out across his perfectly manicured gardens painted gold by the early morning sun and remembered a time when the world was painted in the colour of blood.
  4. @babavee100: How about this as an opening line..?
     "Patrick Walsh  was good looking, sincere, and a  great motivational speaker.  He held the key to the real treasure I was seeking. But somehow,  the journey  always ended up with my wallet  being considerably lighter.'
  5. @lilyofthevalley9819: Patrick: thanks, love to hear about the cognitive dissonance. about the psychological- pull of a character (so that we do not doze after  reading a couple of pages), about cutting out uneccessary details: wonderful.. .thanks :face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @wandaad: Gabriel Garcia Marquez opens with:" On the day they were going to murder him, Santiago Nasar got up at 5:30 in the morning to wait for the boat the bisshop was coming on." Chronicle of a death foretold.
  7. @wandaad: Please don't delete every little pause of your speech. I'm exhausted and suffocating from listening to this rhythm distroying, literally breath taking video edit. Speech needs pace just as much as reading and writing do.
  8. @MrMavalotWrites: A man’s life may depend on the keenness of his blade, and damned if I’d get killed in the morning for lack of a clean edge. I checked it again.
  9. @ESB1488: I feel like a lot of this is good advice, but when it's turned towards the true literary behemoths that stand the test of time they become somewhat defunct. 
The very first sentence of crime and punishment by Dostoevsky is: "towards the end of sultry afternoon early in July a young man came out of his little room in stolyarny Lane and turned slowly and somewhat irresolutely in the direction of Kamenny Bridge." 
There is nothing wholly exciting, profound nor urgent about this simple piece of prose, yet it is a magnificent piece of literature that has captured the hearts and minds of readers for well over a century. 
Then moving on to Camus with the opening of The plague: "The peculiar events that are the subject of this history occurred in 194-, in Oran. The general opinion was that they were misplaced there, since they deviated somewhat from the ordinary." 
Again, the same principles can be attributed to this opening as was attributed to Crime and Punishment. 

I totally understand the point of writing with the reader in mind and trying to encapsulate urgency and mystique for the reader in an attractive way. Creating a "marketable" book for mass consumption. I just feel that any writer that bows down to such orthodoxy will never find the greatness I'm sure they aspire to.
  10. @BoneHammerher: It was only 50 pesos, but I knew that seafood burrito wasn't going to stay swallowed.
  11. @wordforger: "It was love at first sight."
  12. @arrozk5365: "Class ended in five minutes and all I could think was, an hour is too long for lunch."
Worm
  13. @joelschmierer3544: Yesterday tomorrow in 2082 all my secrets except 1 was obvious, exploded my mute cat.
  14. @ChildsEyesTV: Opening line for my current WIP: Fantastic, another game of charades. On Eden II, the cutting-edge Cochlear Universal Translator was not all that universal.
  15. @thisisnotthechannelyourelo407: I'm not a big fan of the obvious hook, especially when it's something super mundane that I wouldn't care about even if I saw it in real life, it doesn't make me feel compelled to continue reading. Especially when it's something introspective about a character that I dont care about yet at all--it almost feels pushy and too personal, like "dang lady I didn't ask". Make me like the lady first, THEN show me she finds her husbands second ring--dont open with it.
  16. @Pencil_Dragon: As the sun slipped behind the mountains, the sky became as red as the blood on the ground.
  17. @Baamthe25th: Wishing the 100 Openning Lines were available
  18. @MatildaStone-k5g: "Crane doesn't know it yet, but he's been pregnant for nearly three months."

That's the whole first chapter. Great book. You Weren't Meant to Be Human.
  19. @afia_director: These “universal” notions and declaratory opening lines  are very male. Really great female writers take a different path. The opening line to my favourite book by my favourite author Toni Morrison is “ Here is the house.”
  20. @selyemperzsa1: Thank, you, brilliant tips.

- How to Write a Perfect First Line (18 Examples!): Kind: captions Language: en Your first line is perhaps the most important in the entire story. It has a critical job to grab our attention and make us want to keep reading. But too often writers open their stories with a bland factual statement like it was a sunny day in Phoenix. Okay. And so what your first line has to make us curious to continue with the story. So, to help you nail your first line, today I'm going to do a live workshop of opening sentences submitted by you from your current drafts. I sent out a call for submissions to the premium subscribers of my newsletter, Chapter Break, and I got an incredible amount of responses. I'm going to read through each of the examples, then talk about whether I think it's a strong opening line as is, or if it's weak, how I might edit it to make it more effective. Stick around to the end because after we've gone through all the examples, I'm going to pick my top three favorites. Here's opening line number one for a literary thriller. The valley was innocent. I like this opening line. There's a bit of personification here in labeling the valley as innocent because of course a valley is not something we consider having human traits. But because this is a literary thriller, I think that suits the genre well. Of course, it also leads us to wonder why the narrator has to call out that the valley is innocent. Has it been accused of something? And if the valley is innocent, then who is guilty? My only note for this opening line is that we should quickly learn what the valley is in this context. Otherwise, we might be disoriented with this personification. So, as long as those answers are sorted out quickly, this could be a strong opening. Here's opening line number two, which is for a magical realism novel. Eduardo turned around on the bar stool to watch the woman on stage singing karaoke and was immediately bumped, spilling his rum and coke. So, the passive voice in this sentence was immediately bumped makes it sound a bit grammatically clunky and it would be stronger if we knew who was bumping Eduardo. While I do appreciate that the author centers us in immediate action and sets the scene of the karaoke bar, I wish we got a bit more insight into how Eduardo is feeling about his situation and where he is. As written, it reads more like just a factual statement than something coming from within Eduardo's perspective. I'd encourage this author to find a way to maybe weave in some of Eduardo's subjectivity and address that passive voice. Here's opening line number three, which is for an adult horror fantasy novel. A body tumbled toward the sea. This does immediately introduce a mystery. Whose body is it? But I wonder if we might get a few more telling details about that body to peique our interest even more. It's also difficult to tell if the body is lifeless or if this is a person swimming, for instance. This opening line also has a more distant perspective. It reads like omnisient narration rather than close third person. So, I question whether we should maybe be within a specific character's mind and body in this moment where they're observing the body tumbling toward the sea. Certainly not a bad opening line, though. Here's the next opening line, which is for an adult romanty novel. If beauty was a currency for women to procure a husband, Princess Myra was a popper. I like this opening line because it immediately tells us something about the character Princess Myra in an intriguing way. Rather than just saying she was unattractive, we use this comparison to currency, which is super interesting. And because this is adult romantic, maybe it also gives us a hint of the world that we're in. The phrasing for women to procure a husband almost gives me the vibe of Regency England. So maybe there's some of those elements coming into this fantastical world. There's also an immediate sense of tension created because we sense that Princess Myra needs to perhaps procure a husband but can't because of how she looks. And maybe that will be a tension that we see carried throughout the story. Overall, I like this opening line. Here's the next opening line for an adult comedic mystery. The world believes I'm dead. To me, this is a strong opening line because it immediately raises the question, why does the world believe they're dead? We want to learn more, which is exactly what you want your opening line to do. I like how short and punchy it is, too. It really gives us no choice but to read the next sentence. Here's the next opening line for an adult speculative thriller. The 3:00 a.m. light in this test lab was low. So, this opening line reads to me like a static description of the scene, which isn't necessarily that intriguing. We are curious to know why the character is in the test lab at 3:00 a.m. because, of course, that's quite late to be working in a lab, but I'd encourage the author to consider directing our attention to maybe some other elements beyond just the light being low. Is there the sound of glass breaking? Or does a light go out suddenly? This is another situation where the author could center us in the POV characters mind and body a bit more, which would likely make for a more engaging sentence. For example, maybe they convey their exhaustion or their commitment to finishing this experiment. There's definitely some interesting potential here. Here's the next opening line from an adult steamy romance novel. Cole Castile barged into his former fiance's bridal shop, clutching the industrial strength garbage bag in one fist. the last of her things stretching the heavy plastic. I like this opening line because it immediately places us in the scene and tells us quite a lot about the characters in very few words. We know that these two characters have just broken off an engagement. We know that the female character owns a bridal shop and we know that the male character is getting rid of her things. My one suggestion here would be to go even further with providing us more subtle character detail by naming one of the items that is stretching the plastic. Rather than just saying the last of her things stretching the heavy plastic, what if it was her cat tree stretching the heavy plastic or her mother's antique vase stretching the heavy plastic? Including a specific item there will give us even more detail about the fiance character. Here's the next opening line from an adult fantasy novel. Idrawa drew in a ragged breath. This one doesn't give us enough setting detail or enough characterization to really understand the context and therefore what to make of this ragged breath. As a result, it reads more like just a factual description and isn't all that intriguing. Try to indicate here what is it that's causing Idraa to breathe raggedly or what thought is passing through her mind as this is happening or where is she? There are different ways you can provide just a bit more context but that will go a long way in making this more intriguing. Here's the next opening line for an adult thriller. Shall we burn them all? Father the rectory helper asked as he leaned forward to get a better look from the oil lamps light. I generally don't love opening novels with dialogue because we tend to need a lot of context to understand what's going on, but I don't hate this one, honestly. That's because the author gives us a good amount of detail in the dialogue tag. In this case, we know it's the rectory helper speaking, which tells us not only who is present in the scene, but also where we are physically. We also know that the other character in this scene is the rectory helper's father, which is helpful. So, the author does a good job giving us context here. That said, I really wish I knew what them all was referring to because otherwise I don't understand the stakes of burning them. It sounds severe, but they could just be burning old receipts for all I know. Of course, we'll probably learn what this is referring to in the next sentence, but the author might consider bringing it into this sentence with the section as he leaned forward to get a better look. What is he looking at? that would tell us a lot more. By the way, to get my writing tips and publishing advice delivered straight to your inbox, make sure to subscribe to my newsletter, Chapter Breakak. The free tier will give you access to all of my exclusive interviews with publishing industry experts and best-selling authors. And the premium tier will give you deeper dive content and access to fun opportunities like this workshop. The link is in the description below. Here's the next opening line for a work of UPMarket fiction. This was the first time she had been to a prison. When I first read this one, I liked it. But as I thought a bit more about it, I liked it a bit less. That's because I think the vast majority of people have not been to a prison. So therefore, this statement is not all that exciting or unexpected. So rather than telling us something super special about this character, it's really just commenting on something not unique at all. Instead, I would highlight something unexpected about the character's experience in prison itself. And this approach will also help the author deepen the POV. For instance, it could be a phrase like she never expected that prison would have blank or she was surprised to see the prison had blank. Something like that would be a lot more intriguing. Here's the next opening line from an adult historical novel. Chunks of soil some the size of a man's clenched fist flew into the air as the wooden hoe slammed into the ground. What I don't like about this opening line is that it feels quite distant because there's actually no character present in this sentence at all. We know that a wooden hoe is slamming into the ground, but not who's wielding that hoe or why. I'd recommend that the author rewrites this sentence to bring their character into it and perhaps give us a hint of why this hole is being dug. The detail that they highlight here is the size of the chunks of soil. However, that detail doesn't feel all that significant or impactful. What's more important is who is digging this hole and why. So, those questions should be what the sentence focuses on. Here's the next opening line from a work of women's fiction. His suitcase, a metaphor for all that's been lost, slams to the floor, its contents tumbling out like a bucket of building blocks. There's a few edits I would make to this line to make it more effective. First, I would take out the phrase a metaphor for all that's been lost because it feels a bit like weak writing to call out the metaphor in the text itself. Rather, you should allow the reader to make that conclusion and interpretation for themsel. Second, rather than just saying its contents tumbling out like building blocks, specify some of those contents because whatever the male character has in his suitcase is going to tell us a lot about him and it's going to give you opportunities to create intrigue. Try to highlight unexpected things, not just his clothes or his deodorant, but what if he has a lot of cash in there? What if he has a stack of photos? I also don't think we need the simile like a bucket of building blocks. The reader can easily picture content spilling out of a suitcase without needing that imagery. Here's the next opening line for a work of adult literary fiction. Emily Jernigan had always loved reading stories, but never imagined becoming the author of someone's death. I like this opening because it immediately tells us something about Emily, that she loves reading stories. So, we learn a bit about her character and then it raises the question of what becoming the author of someone's death means. That's an unexpected turn of phrase that suits the literary aspect of this story well. And of course, it makes us wonder who died and what did Emily have to do with it. adult urban fantasy novel. I tallied up the magazines on my cot then did it again. I don't necessarily feel the urge to continue reading after this sentence. First, I don't know what type of magazines they are, and I don't know why the narrator is tallying them, or really what exactly that means. Are they just counting them or are they doing something else with them? Also, we're in first person here, so it'd be helpful to know how the character feels about this act. As written, it sounds like a mundane, boring, routine act, but maybe there is something more intriguing about it that the author could highlight. Honestly, the most intriguing part about this line is the mention of the cot because I wonder where this character is exactly. So, maybe the author could pivot to describing the setting instead. Here's the next opening line from an adult historical novel. The nurses flickered like shadow puppets cut from buffalohide. Blurry, sharp, then gone again. This sentence sounds quite beautiful and poetic. There's a nice rhythm and cadence to the language. However, I don't quite know what it's saying when I dig into it. Specifically, there's a lot of layers of images upon images that aren't really adding up. So, I can't make sense of this sentence. First, it says the nurses flickered like shadow puppets. But I don't really know what that means. Are the nurses whole bodies physically going in and out of existence, or is this referring to them moving about a space erratically? I don't really know that the comparison to shadow puppets really tells me what that means. Then we get another layer of imagery on top when it says cut from buffalo hide. Blurry, sharp, then gone again. I don't understand exactly how blurry, sharp, then gone again is referring to buffalo hide exactly. Then I don't know what to make of the shadow puppets being cut from buffalohide. Is that referring to the physical texture or something else? I would encourage this author to use more straightforward language so we understand what exactly is happening physically in the scene and maybe narrowing in on one of these images rather than putting so many of them in one sentence and obscuring the meaning. Here's the next opening line from an adult thriller. Logan spotted his reflection as he pushed through the glass door. His eye was already turning black. I like that there's immediately intrigue created around Logan's black eye. We want to know when he got it and how, of course. But there are a couple of tweaks I would make here. First, I don't love starting the novel with the character seeing their own reflection because that's a bit of a cliche and an overused device. Rather, I might encourage this author to signal the black eye through another character commenting on it or Logan noticing it from within his own body. Maybe it feels sore to the touch, for instance. Second, I question the punctuation here. Really, these two phrases are independent sentences, but they're put together with a comma. The phrase, "His eye was already turning black," is in itself a full sentence. So, really, that should be a semicolon, or it could be revised to his eye already turning black and you take out was, and then it makes sense for there to be a comma there. Overall, a couple of tweaks could make this one really intriguing. Here's the next opening line from a thriller. At 3:00 a.m., Kora tastes metal. I really like this one because it's unexpected. Tasting metal at any time is a bit concerning and usually signals there's blood in the mouth of some kind. But then, because it's at 3:00 a.m., there's an added layer of intrigue. First off, why is Ka awake at 3:00 a.m.? Or did she wake up because of the taste of metal? I have questions and I want to learn more. So, I think that's a strong opening line. Okay, we have time for one more opening line. This one is from an adult historical novel. Death is a gift that brings forth the best in people because when they have nothing else left, they think about what is most important to them. To me, this doesn't quite read like the start of a historical novel. It sounds more like the start of an essay about death or a philosophical rumination. I'd encourage this author to instead consider what their character thinks about death and perhaps highlight that rather than having some unknown all- knowing narrator make commentary about death. How does your character feel about death? For example, a revised line could be something like character didn't realize what was most important to them until blank's death. that would be a lot more intriguing and bring us directly into that character's experience and it would also give us more context for whose death we're talking about. Thank you so so much to all the authors who submitted their opening lines and now I'm going to select my top three favorites. This is going to be really really hard. Okay, drum roll. My top three favorite lines are the world believes I'm dead. Emily Jernigan had always loved reading stories, but never imagined becoming the author of Someone's Death. And at 3:00 am, Kora Tasted Metal. You can totally tell that I love thrillers because two out of my three favorites had a mention of death. But I'd love to hear what your favorite opening line out of these were, and I'm sure that the authors who submitted them would also love to hear it. So, drop me a comment letting me know. Now, nailing your opening line is a critical first step, but once you have it down, you have to make sure your entire first page delivers or readers will bail. So, watch this video where I reveal the seven biggest mistakes you might be making on your first page. Thanks so much for watching and happy writing. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlyssaMatesic [19 likes]: If you'd like feedback on your entire novel, tell me about it here! https://www.alyssamatesic.com/inquire#inquire-2
  2. @sims2glazer [12 likes]: "If it was possible to strangle someone over the phone, Jen would've picked up his calls."
  3. @PietKargaard [1 likes]: totally rubbish ,  alot of  the best  books ever written  has  bland opening lines. just check out  A song of ice and fire , Dune, Lord of the rings .... if you cant be bothered to read beyond the first line or paragraph , no one would care about your opinion.
  4. @laurabell_757: First line of my prologue: "In the heart of the pale castle, where shadows danced like phantoms upon cold stone walls, a newborn's piercing cry shattered the stillness of the night."
  5. @DaniyalAskari-g2p: “On her lips there was an answer looking for a question that was never asked.”
  6. @catalinacucuta9581: I think, to this day, my favourite first line is Anna Karenima's: "Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way."
  7. @Gruyl: "I can justify murdering a murderer infant" said by Who.
Or
"I can't justify ki//ing an infant, but he can" I said describing my father.
Or
"Can you murder an infant that will murder?" he asked me. "For I can" The-Who added.
  8. @lukemysterio6194: "When i was young, the end of the world began."
  9. @Nanananananananannanana: Mine was "*Damn you,Cyaran.*" Lmao
  10. @leahgraceoc: "The explosion was the least of Yùshuāng's worries. She'd known it would happen."
  11. @DishaRawat-q6e: Silence. She greeted me with perfectly woven silence. 
Is she even breathing?
  12. @Katherine_M_Cave: My favorite out of yours is number five: the world believes I'm dead

The best ones I've probably come up with are 'when times are dark, that's when you see peoples true intentions and this is a dark time!' or I walked and walked but to no avail all I could see was endless desert
  13. @ANNABELLE-CREART: How to know your line is okay
If it makes you say "okay" is boring and you should change it
If it makes you say "what?" Is good enough, keeo going
  14. @meowmere9119: Don't forget Stephen King started The Shining off with "Officious little prick"
  15. @divacrochets: Hey Alyssa, I wanted to get feedback on this line of mine and how I can improve it with some alternatives:
"The world doesn't know about us. About Payateal."
  16. @ShunyamNiketana: Opening lines from stories by Virginia Woolf:
> They were married.
> She got in and put her suitcase in the rack, and the brace of pheasants on top of it.
> Oliver Bacon lived at the top of a house overlooking The Green Park.

They are from a different era, true, but I like their specificity and quietude, as if I'm watching the opening of a movie in which the main character, or a character being watched by someone else, is walking home from the station.  We don't know much of anything yet, but we have a grounded focus.  If the writing is strong--clear, rhythmic, accurate--I'm willing to read more even though we don't have dramatic action or conflict yet.  And they don't try to be clever.
  17. @sulfithsulaiman7794: "I go to the forest to get food for my friend Sage."
  18. @BlairLemmer-r4h: La fillette récite bien sa leçon.
  19. @TiredoldFox: I think Ms. Matesic misses the mark when it comes to first sentences. Have of these examples her first question or suggestion was to provide more of what happens. That's exactly what a first line is supposed to do. It's supposed to get the reader to ask for more. It's to get the reader to move to the next line to get the answer. If you provide the question and answer in the first line, there's no need to keep reading.
  20. @larrytedmcbride: Berry Ann and Tuber Todd ran as fast as their little legs could carry them—because that’s what you do, when you’re running for your life. (first line of a story in a board game)

- I’ve Read 107 Novels That Open Like This. It Never Works.: Kind: captions Language: en Your opening pages might be the reason literary agents are rejecting your novel and readers are abandoning your story before it even gets going. That's why I talk about first pages more than any other topic on my channel. But I keep seeing writers make this same mistake over and over. Three of my subscribers were brave enough to send me the opening pages of their manuscripts. And what's wild is that they're writing in totally different genres for completely different age categories and yet all fall into this same trap. I'll start by reading all three manuscripts to you. And as I do, I want you to put on your editor cap and try to spot what the issue is. Then I'll reveal this mistake and give examples of how each writer could revise their manuscript to open the story much more effectively. You might catch what all of these manuscripts have in common pretty quickly, but understanding why it's a problem is the thing that most writers miss. Let's dive into manuscript one, which is contemporary ya. I think I've made a mistake. The thought comes out of nowhere as the plane dips through a wall of gray clouds. My stomach drops with it, twisting tighter the lower we go. For a second, everything feels suspended. We're hovering somewhere between leaving and arriving, while my mind is hovering between, "It seemed like a great idea when I booked it, and I should have just stayed home." The cabin shifts back to life. Seat belts click into place. Overhead bins creek open and shut. Passengers rush down the aisle one last time, and babies cry in uneven bursts as flight attendants move through the rows, collecting empty cups and crumpled wrappers from lunch. I fasten my seat belt and sink deeper into my seat, trying to steady my breathing. My chest tightens anyway. In less than an hour, I'll be in the city I only know from my grandfather's stories about old Chevy cars and half-lit cigars. The same one he left in hope of for a better life in New York all those years ago, over a thousand miles from home alone with nothing but a handful of Spanish words I picked up in a fluorescent lit classroom in Brooklyn and my grandfather before he died when I was 12. I'll be fine, I tell myself. It's just a language course. A month of sun, salsa dancing, Spanish lessons, and becoming a version of me who does things like this. But as the plane dips again deeper into the clouds, doubt settles in heavier than before. My hand clenched around my iPod. A few weeks ago, this seemed like a desperate escape from the glow of my laptop screen. I can still see the Facebook notification that brought my heart to a halt mid thump. Leo Richie is in a relationship with Sarah Miller. I spent 5 years being the girl he called at 2 a.m. The one who held his place in the cafeteria line. The one who listened to him play his guitar in his room while his parents fought in the other. I thought we were building something. Apparently, he didn't. Watching him look at Sarah the way he used to look at me before he realized I was just a friend felt like a slow motion car crash. I didn't think too hard when I saw the flyer for a summer Spanish language course in Havana pinned to the community center board. I signed up before the tears in my eyes could dry, fueled by my grandfather's stories and a bone deep exhaustion from playing the supportive best friend to the boy I was in love with since middle school. While my own life sat on the sidelines, I think a part of me knew that if I didn't put an ocean and a trade embargo between us, I'd eventually cave and confess my bottled up feelings in a dramatic outburst. The plane jolts slightly and a soft ding signals that we're getting closer. Okay, we learn a lot about the narrator in this opening scene. She's on her way to Havana to take a month-long Spanish course, which she enrolled in spontaneously after seeing that the best friend she's been in love with for years is in a new relationship. We also learn her late grandfather had ties to Havana and would tell her stories about it. She has a lot of internal conflict, which immediately helps us connect with her. But this opening isn't quite working, and I'll get to why. Now, let's read manuscript 2, which is contemporary middlegrade. Howard and Sasha were going on an adventure, or so their parents had told them last Tuesday when they'd announced the family holiday this year was to Welchmouth on Sea. Sasha thought it sounded suspiciously like being trapped in a car for 4 hours with her annoying little brother. We're going to the seaside. Sasha's mouth turned downwards. The sea was that salty pool you couldn't swim in without mom and dad there. Yep, we've got a whole week to look forward to. Howard looked a lot happier. Awesome. I'm going to build the biggest sand castle and it's going to have a moat and a drawbridge. and his mother and father gave each other a smile, the same slightly wobbly smile they've been giving each other for a while now. "I have it on good authority that there's an excellent fish and chip shop just next to the inn. And there's also spending money. You two will be completely sick of ice cream by the end. I guarantee it," said Dad. Sasha rolled her eyes. "But Dad, I wanted to see my friends. How am I supposed to have any fun at a boring old inn? You'll just have to make your own fun, miss. There are sand dunes to explore. There's rock pools at the beach when the tide's low. And there's an arcade in town if you get really bored. But you won't. Dad winked at the rear view mirror. Fine. She crossed her arms and huddled up on the backseat of the car, looking like a miniature storm cloud of thunderbolts and all. This writer has a nice handle on the family dynamics and middle-rade voice. Sasha is doubtful that this trip will be the adventure her parents are promising, while her brother Howard is much more excited for it. But again, this opening isn't doing what it needs to do. If you haven't spotted the pattern between manuscripts one and two yet, this third manuscript will make it all click. This one is adult contemporary romance. I wish I'd left yesterday, but five nights of restless sleep punctuated by bad dreams about the town of Augusta fogged my brain, distracted me from packing. My tour's at 11:00. As long as nothing bad happens on the road today, I'll make it on time. After the second cup of coffee, my heart pound in my fingertips with each step up the three flights to my apartment. I drag the last distended trash bag to the street. The handle of my old cast iron pan pierces the plastic and clanks down the last few steps like a bell at a railroad crossing. At the curb, the mountain of things I've discarded over the last few days narrows the downtown sidewalk, furniture, old medical textbooks, my tragically neglected plants that I hope someone more nurturing will take. Shadow and I scoot around it all. Trained for decisive action, I'm ready to go. But Shadow needs a little encouragement. After a few reassuring rakes through the fur at his neck, he scrambles into the passenger seat. As we pull away, a peach dawn glows on the horizon. The saying goes, "Red sky at dawn. Sailor be warned." Heading to Georgia, a peach sky seems right. An hour and a half later, on the two-lane highway, warm air whips around the interior of the car and over my skin like a frantic caress. Shadow sits at attention, panting in the passenger seat. "You're okay, Shadow." I pet his leg. He's not a head out the window, ears flapping sort. The car stresses him out. His stress mirrors mine. I've got to call my mother or she'll think I'm avoiding her, which I am. Evelyn, I haven't seen you in a while. A pulse blips along my nerves at the sound of my full name. You're about to see a lot more of me. I'm on my way to Augusta for work. This writer has a strong sense of voice, and like in the first manuscript, the narrator immediately expresses some regret and internal conflict. We sense something foreboating awaits her in Augusta, but we don't know what. Overall, we get much less detail on the situation at hand than in the other two manuscripts. But the writer dangles several interesting threads, her old medical textbooks, her upcoming tour, her actively avoiding her mother. And yet, this manuscript has the same problem the other two do. So, what is this mistake that all three novels make? And were you able to spot it? They all open with the protagonist on their way to where the story actually takes place, but nothing of substance is happening to them in the present moment. Manuscript 1 opens with the narrator on a plane descending into Havana. Manuscript 2 opens with a family in a car driving to a seaside town for vacation. And manuscript 3 opens with the narrator cleaning up at her apartment and then driving on the highway toward Augusta, Georgia. In all three cases, we're just watching the protagonist move from point A to point B, and the writer is using that uneventful travel time to provide backstory and exposition. But that's the fundamental problem with this approach. It just gives us setup instead of actually starting the protagonist's journey. Rarely are travel periods exciting in and of themselves. I'm about to get on a plane tomorrow morning and plan to sit there for 4 hours and watch Netflix. So, why would you open your novel with such a boring scene? When you open with a character in transit and they're just reflecting on their life, you're telling the reader, "I know the interesting part hasn't started yet, but just be patient while I catch you up." And I already know what some of you are going to say in the comments. Why are you so impatient? Why can't you just enjoy a few pages of setup? This other novel opens with a character in transit, and it's one of the greatest literary works of all time. Modern literature is terrible because of advice like yours. I get where you're coming from. I really do. But hear me out. I'm not saying you can never have a travel scene. I'm just trying to get you to think seriously about where your story actually begins. Because most writers don't take the time to think about why they're actually leaning on these types of scenes. When I'm editing early drafts of manuscripts, writers almost always start the novel earlier than they actually should. This doesn't only happen with travel scenes, by the way, but those are the most obvious. Another example is when we open with the character waking up, going through their morning routine. Then we see the playbyplay of their entire workday, all before the important action begins. Writers start with these slow scenes because it's typically how the story comes to them. They're trying to ground the reader in who the character is, what their normal life looks like, and what their primary concerns are. All of that is valid and important, but you can still establish who a character is and what they're grappling with in the midst of a charged moment where something consequential is happening. I promise if you do this right, your opening scene is going to be so much more dynamic, propulsive, and engaging. And that's how you pull a reader in from the very first page. So rather than starting your novel with your characters traveling somewhere, try dropping them at their destination on page one. Show them in that new location, facing a hostile welcome or an obstacle they weren't prepared for. You can almost always start your novel later than you think you can, and usually your story will be better for it. There are always exceptions, by the way. And opening with a travel scene does not automatically mean your first pages are bad. But if you're going to do that, something consequential needs to happen during the journey itself that warrants showing it on the page. For example, The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins opens with a transit scene done well. We see Rachel's daily commute and the observations she makes during it, but those observations are important because they're the engine of the entire plot. So, it makes sense to open with this. But for my subscribers novels, I think the travel scenes were just being used as background. So, let's talk about how these writers could revise to make for a stronger opening. And it's not as simple as just cutting the travel scene. By the way, if you want to submit your manuscript to me for critique in a future video, make sure to subscribe to my newsletter, Chapter Break, and join the premium tier. You'll receive weekly writing insights from me that I don't post anywhere on this channel, as well as exclusive interviews with literary agents and best-selling authors that are jam-packed with advice for new authors. Let's go back to manuscript one where we see the narrator reflecting on the events that led to her signing up for the Spanish language course in Havana. What if this writer instead opened with the protagonist encountering her very first problem on the ground in Havana? Maybe she can't hail a cab because she can't speak Spanish well enough, which ties back to her need for taking the course. Or maybe she's at the doorstep of her host family and realizes it's the wrong address. or maybe she arrives for her first Spanish lesson and realizes she doesn't have a textbook that everyone else does. That way, we'll see that she's overwhelmed and out of her element without the writer needing to tell us all of this upfront via exposition. And as we're hooked into the action of seeing the narrator navigate this problem, the writer can weave in the background about her secret love and her lateg grandandfather's stories. Now, manuscript 2 is a middle-grade book, but the same principle applies. Right now, the entire opening scene is essentially logistical exposition delivered via dialogue. The parents are explaining what the vacation will be. Sasha is expressing her doubts that it'll be any fun, and her brother Howard is expressing his excitement for it. My suggestion would be to skip the car ride entirely and open with the family arriving at the seaside town. Again, present that first problem they face on their vacation. Maybe the inn the parents booked isn't as it was advertised and that causes a fight between them. Or maybe the fish and chip shop that their dad wanted to go to is boarded up. That way, the adventure will truly start on page one, and that problem will actually give the writer fodder to showcase the family dynamics even more. How do each of them react to the problem? Finally, manuscript 3 has a strong mysterious atmosphere already, but I still think it would benefit from a later starting point. As written, nothing substantial is happening on the page physically. Evelyn drags trash bags from her apartment to the curb, then gets in the car and drives for an hour and a half. Anytime you have a substantial time jump like that on the first page, it may be a sign that you're taking us through a series of inconsequential scenes that we don't really need. These travel preparations do give us buildup, sure, but they're ultimately hurting the narrative momentum and pace. My suggestion is, you guessed it, to start the novel with her already in Augusta. We know she's going there for work, so what happens on her first day at the job? Or potentially she runs into a local who creeps her out. It seems like she's going to see her mother there, so maybe she could be brought into the first scene. That way, we'll get to see and experience all of the dread Evelyn is feeling about Augusta rather than just being told about it in theoretical terms. Figuring out where to open your novel is one of the hardest but most important decisions you'll make as a writer. If you want a professional developmental editor to help you figure out where your story actually starts, submit an inquiry through my website. I've built a team of best-in-class editors who have worked at the world's largest publishing houses and top literary agencies, and we'd love to help you strengthen your story. Opening with a character on the way somewhere is almost always a sign that you're waiting into your story gently instead of jumping right into it. So, I challenge you to look at your own first page and ask yourself honestly, is something consequential happening here, or is my character mostly just thinking and reflecting? If it's the second, open at a later point when the action really gets going and trust that your reader will catch up. Here's a risk-free way to try out a new opening strategy. Open a brand new blank document. Don't touch your original manuscript yet. Then, in the new file, write the scene where your character encounters their first real problem. Write it cold without rereading your old manuscript first. I bet you'll find that you're able to dive right into the heart of the story with ease. You may even find it's easier to weave in the expository and backstory details that the reader needs, and they likely need less setup material than you think they do. So, now that you know where to start your novel, you need to make sure you're not making the other major mistake I see in first pages. So, watch this video next where I reveal how to spot shallow POV and what it means for your manuscript using more examples from my subscribers. Thanks so much for watching and happy writing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlyssaMatesic [15 likes]: Want to submit your pages for a future video? Sign up for my newsletter 💌 https://www.chapter-break.com/
Want feedback on your entire manuscript? Work with my team of pro editors! ✍ https://www.alyssamatesic.com/inquire#inquire-2
  2. @User-wr5qz [2 likes]: As soon as you pointed out the mistakes I rushed to save the video 😅 ha!

I'd also like to add that you're so talented and professional! THANK YOU for sharing your knowledge
  3. @TheFauxhammer [2 likes]: Dude these comments are hilarious. People misconstruing what she’s saying and outing themselves as the kind of writers she’s calling out. Masterpiece
  4. @shoemakerspace [1 likes]: Deborah Chester (among others) talks of Scene and Sequel as structural elements; and these words have specific meanings different from common usage.

Scene is something actively changing, usually but not always something external. Action, conflict, challenge.

Sequel follows Scene (usually), and is where the character processes the results of Scene. It’s more internal. The character’s attitude, understanding, or plan changes as a consequence of Scene.

Usually the structure is simple: Scene-Sequel-Scene-Sequel-Scene-Sequel… But sometimes in fast-paced action, you may have Scene-Scene-Scene… as changes come to fast to process. Eventually you have multiple Sequels, or perhaps one large Sequel that reflects on multiple Scenes.

It sounds like the openings you describe jump straight to Sequel without a Scene. The characters reflect before anything has changed. Essentially they reflect on the past which we didn’t see.
  5. @AntoniusOhii [1 likes]: I get your point but it isn't nearly as bad as how chatgpt the first and third ones sounded
  6. @ninacroftchannel [1 likes]: As usual, you are EXTREMELY arrogant to say that something is WRONG, when the "something" has been done for centuries in all the classics, even those written by the US authors. It would be so much better to say that it's not recommended if you want to collaborate with US agents and publishers. But to say it's WRONG??? How arrogant and rude of you! For the record, there are millions of readers out there who enjoy these openings that you so blatantly call WRONG!
  7. @sparksdog [1 likes]: I'm going to be rather blunt, I don't think this is a problem. If it were so important, and an actually impactful flaw, nobody would know about Spirited Away, and I don't think anyone is quite ready to be quite that harsh to Hayao Miyazaki.

I didn't particularly care for any of these openings, but I honestly don't think it had anything to do with where they start the story, because a story is never, no matter the story, about just one location and nothing else. Even in a film like Iron Lung, a story where there is only one location for the entire film, it's not about only that one location, it's about the protagonist's history, his flaws, why he's in the iron lung, who or even what the people talking to him are, and what's down in the blood ocean with him.

The same goes for these stories, where a story takes place is by definition where the story starts, even if the major plot-points have yet to begin.

As I said, I didn't care much for any of these three opening pages, but not for the place the page starts the story at. I just don't care much for everything to be exposited to me by inner-monologue, it feels easy, it feels lazy, it feels like it lacks nuance and the confidence to tell the audience something with an action or a scene. I'm not one of those "show don't tell" cultists who thinks that any diversion from showing is automatically bad exposition, but I'm equally not one fond of what these pages and the millions of stories like them effectively are, which is "tell don't show", the exact opposite extreme.

Now, clearly most people are fine with that, otherwise stories like these wouldn't be all the rage and as much if a monetary monolith as they are in the traditional publishing industry...but that is for me the reason these pages don't work well.

Now, this style of POV can be done well, very well, I don't intend to argue that the style is impossible to write well, just that, like most of not all styles, it too has an inherent flaw; writing in first person, and even third person, with an emphasis on getting inside the character's head, always makes it really easy to tell more than show, and tell more than you should. Which is why I wish writers didn't automatically gravitate towards this style of POV by default.

Alright, rant over. Sorry.
  8. @steevedess3800: Dear Alyssa,
Your video let me we a very big Question : Is pixar story telling and chapter cuts unadpated for novels ? I wrote my first novel, 68000 words in french 10 month ago. I started following pixar method, and split my book in 23 chapters. The 3 first ones are dedicated to position the plot, the protagonist, the environment. The 4th is where the trouble begin. it's made like Nemo, Upside Down and all the great pixar's stories. Following your explainations, this stories would be bad in a book ? Is pixar method only made for movies ? I'm a little lost. I'm working on my first revision, you let me asking myself, should I remove my first 3 chapters ?
Thank you for your great work that push us to rething and challenge our work.
  9. @SwastikNayak-s8h: What is profit of writting novel if it has very low chance of becomeing scussesful
  10. @RM_VFX: Depends what you're writing.  A short story should probably open immediately before the inciting event. A lot of successful screenplays (Pixar, Spielberg films) open with the character's status quo or a preceding misadventure in mid-action, then an inciting event or call to action, followed by travel where we meet the important supporting characters and arrive at the main setting.  I like novels that start on a failure, a little backstory, the inciting event/call, travel, then a nice tour through the character's new world as we meet supporting characters and foreshadow the conflict.
  11. @jonathanmitchell9886: It's a very Hallmark Movie-style approach to opening a narrative, which may account for its overuse.
  12. @sonic31century1: Now that you have pointed out the ways novels that open with a travel scene can fail to interest, I have been really paying attention to these types of scenes in published novels.
  13. @johnculver6994: They are trying to give details but it comes off clunky.
  14. @cosmictreason2242: In other words, have plot! Have things being done, and introduce a problem/conflict. Don't start with a whole bunch of pondering about all the stuff you want to have matter but aren't patient enough to introduce naturally. Also don't forget "but then" and "therefore" instead of "and then" to make sure the things that happen matter
  15. @BellydancerMaliha: There is nothing that annoys me so much as a movie or book that opens with a car chase (or whatever, some high action scene) then the story says, “2 weeks before…” (or some other period of time). MY ABSOLUTE PET PEEVE. I know the writer is trying to grab my attention, but I’m not a toddler. I would rather care why this is happening than just get grabbed because something exciting is happening. I would rather experience the story chronologically and build to the action naturally, even if it means the opening is a little slow. And if a story does this going back in time thing, it had better be just as interesting and captivating as the inciting incident the story opened with.
  16. @BillyMangino: My personal gripe with all of these is that so may stories start the exact same way: Entering a new place. It feels so lazy. I love goosebumps but there's a reason every book starts with moving into a new house, starting at a new school, introduction to a new person. It's the most obvious starting point.
  17. @JosephB-tv7gf: The ancients knew all about the Bbbbbooorrriiinnnggg opening:
"Sic transit Gloria mundi"
or, Gloria threw up on the bus on Monday.
Nobody cares.
  18. @mario9133: What if inside a bus is where "your story begins?"
I was on my way to work, and it was inside the bus we first me. Wel...  When we first looked at each other.
What do I tell the reader.  "I was on the toilet with constipation and I had a premonition that on my day to work, today, inside the bus, I would meet the love of my life."???
What on earth are you talking about?  The story begins where it begins.  You don't have to by the book.  Leave it behind.
  19. @GageS-n9j: Cheapest developmental editor I have seen was $3K for a 90K word novel. No thank you.
  20. @EliasMann-c8t: This woman’s work is far too critical and very stifling. If you watch her videos and take it to heart, you’re going to rob yourself of so much creative freedom

- judging books based on just the opening line: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone welcome back to my second Channel welcome back to Jack In The Box today I have this stack of 10 books and I basically thought what I would do is open them up and read the first line of each book and then rank them based on how good I think the first line of each book is does that make sense I hope it does I came up with this concept about five minutes ago and now the camera is on the books are here are we gonna just do it as far as I know I don't think this is an existing booktube challenge so maybe I invented it maybe I didn't I don't know and I'd love to see other people make this same video um so these are the 10 books that I chose um I just picked these at random kind of from my bookshelf and I thought this could be fun because it kind of you a bit of an impression of what the writing style of each book is going to be like um from the first line I think the first line is so crucial and as someone who is kind of working on my own book right now the first line is so important to me like when I'm reading a book the first line it's the first impression you only get one and so I'm finding I'm putting a lot of pressure on myself to write a really killer first line so let's see um how these are the last bit we have is the Silence of the girls this is by Pat Barker and the first line is great Achilles brilliant Achilles shining Achilles Godlike Achilles how the epithets pile up we never called him any of those things we called him the butcher oh okay I like it kind of like flipping the existing narrative that we have about Achilles being this great hero on its head I like that you know one of the most important things about first line is setting the tone for the rest of the book and from what I know about this book The Silence of the girls it is about re-centering and focusing on female narratives and female characters within Greek mythology where normally the men sort of take Center Stage like Achilles so wow okay that's a really good one I mean obviously at the moment that's in first place I feel like I need like a stand to put things on so you can see my visual hmm how can I do that I'm going to try and fashion some kind of stand I am using kitchen roll but look then I can make like oh my God it's perfect oh my God that's so good that's genius wow you know sometimes I think I have literally one brain cell and other times literally Albert Einstein right there okay I'm gonna like tear the books like so you can actually see um my ranking how good was that anyway the next book is this one this is acts of service by Lillian Fishman and the first line of this book is we'll get there eventually I had hundreds of nudes stored in my phone but I never sent them to anyone oh that's a cracking first line too oh that also really sets the tone do you know what that I think that would make me want to read the book more than the first one even though both of these are great so that's going in at the number one spot so far I don't know an awful lot about this book but that already tells me it's going to be irreverent and honest and raw um just super real and I like that so access service next we have Sea of Tranquility Edwin St John Andrews 18 years old hauling the weights of his double-sainted name across the Atlantic by steamship eyes narrowed Against the Wind on the upper deck he holds the railing with a gloved hand impatient for a glimpse of the unknown trying to discern something anything beyond sea and sky but all he sees are shades of endless Gray you know I I get it like it's nicely written but it's not necessarily the most exciting thing I've ever read also super long sentence which actually if anything turns me off a little bit because I often find those books aren't quite as engaging because you're doing like mental gymnastics to keep up with every Clause of the sentence so of the three it's my least favorite but it was still really nice established a setting and establish the character in one sentence so that's pretty good going right next we have Carrie Soto is back I have read this one this is the first of these books that I've actually read let's have a look at the first line my entire life's work rests on the outcome of this match I mean that that does set the tone quite well for what the book is about and it does kind of pull you in we establish straight away the importance the personal significance of this game and how high the stakes are yeah I mean I like it but for now it's going in at number three next book is the idiots um let's have a look I feel like I'm predicting this could be a really great opening line I didn't know what email was until I got to college well um okay I was wrong that's actually the worst one so far so there you go it's not bad no it no it is a bad opening sentence actually it's just boring I'm gonna scooch over so you can still see me the next book is I think we're getting into books that I've read now yeah um the next book is Giovanni's room this stunning and beautiful I underlined the opening line of this book when I read it so this one's good I stand at the window of this great house in the south of France as nightfalls the night which is leading me to the most terrible morning of my life oh such a good opening line I love that straight away I'm hooked and holy hell is this book an emotional heptathlon um I'm gonna put that in here oh I'm really debating second or third I'd love to see you know um comment your own rating in the comment section Down Below based on these um that would be really cool actually to see how much we kind of agree with each other I think I maybe will put it here just because I like the way that um The Silence of the girls flips the classic narratives we have about mythology on its head I think that was quite cool well uh here's a book that I hated um this is the disaster Taurus this was such a slog to get through genuinely it took me ages and ages I stopped for a while and then picked it back up let's see okay so the opening line of this actually is pretty good news of the deaths moved fast that week yeah okay it's a shame that it doesn't keep up that writing style throughout the book because I was so bored reading this um I think I might even put that in at fourth place because that is quite captivating next book is called acts of desperation I love the title of this book but it's called acts of desperation because it's kind of story told in two acts so I like that kind of double meaning of the word acts uh in the title there so firstly you have a woman who is obsessed with this guy that she's dating and then the second half of the book she's kind of trying to shake him off so let's see what the opening line is this book has some great quotes So okay um the first time I saw him I pitied him terribly okay um I think maybe I'm gonna put it in here okay the pile is at high risk falling over not gonna lie it's literally being held up by my kitchen roll it's really a balancing act at this point but um yeah I think I think that's where it belongs another fantastic title literally a book I bought entirely because of the title someone who will love you in all your damage to Glory this is written by the creator of BoJack Horseman so um and again there's some really really funny and witty and Brilliant lines so I think this is gonna have a cracking fast line too it's funny because I've read these books um but you kind of forget what the opening line was and how it set the tone because you only get to know that tone later on in the book as you continue so let's see the dates is going well that's it that's that's the opening line okay let's that's only five words so I'll give it I'll give it another line too the date is going well he's handsome and charming and everything he claimed to be on the website oh I was rooting for you we were all rooting for you and actually to be honest the fact that that was kind of underwhelming sort of rings true for the book because I was a little bit underarmed the book starts really strong like the first um the first short story in the collection is the best one and it sort of just goes downhill from there the final book is this one another book that I didn't love um this is one of the boys by Daniel magarielle and the opening line is my father was swerving around cars speeding honking I rested my head on the strap of the seat belt tried to ignore how fast he was driving unsure if he was outrunning the storm or just angry with me this is a book about an abusive father who is struggling with addiction but is also a master manipulator um and it's kind of about how he manages to manipulate situations for his own benefit and for his own gain so this opening line does kind of introduce you to that character and that dynamic between Father and Son really well um so I'm going to put this one here I think in fourth place so final rankings acts of service by Lillian Fishman in first place that really was an act of service to the literary world thank you Lillian Fishman so that is my final rankings I can't believe that the book that won is about sending nudes I'm actually gonna film the part two with 10 other books that I have on my bookshelf because I quite enjoyed that not gonna lie so I'll see you in the next one bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @arieslofi [5 likes]: Nothing will beat "Aujourd'hui, maman est morte." from L'étranger for me, it just grips you immediately. It establishes the character's relationship with his mother and, as the paragraph goes on, his indifferent nature.
  2. @khushi-rs3js [4 likes]: ❝ In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I’ve been turning over in my mind ever since. “Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,” he told me, “just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.” ❞
- Opening line of 'The Great Gatsby'
  3. @cmondya4919 [1 likes]: Loved it !
  4. @TiliaCordata: Okay, here's my ranking, from the bottom:
10. Someone Who Will Love You (...) and the date that's going well - nothing interesting here
9. Acts of Service and the unsent nudes - cool, girl, give us nothing
8. Sea of Tranquility and the double-sainted name - at least it establishes a vibe
7. Carrie Soto is Back and the important match - kind of hooks me in
6. Acts of Desperation and pitying the guy - it makes me wonder why she pitied him, it's an interesting emotion to start with
5. One of the Boys and the speeding angry father - maybe because it hit a nerve, but I instantly felt like I was the one in the car
4. The Disaster Tourist and the news of the deaths - I mean, who doesn't love a good death at the beginning?
3. The Idiot and not knowing what email was - I have no idea why Jack rated it so low, it's very intriguing to me, it promises a story of a person whose upbringing was very unorthodox and who will struggle to adjust to the real world
2. Giovanni's Room and the most terrible morning of his life - I mean, it promises a LOT, hopefully it delivers
1. The Silence of the Girls and Achilles the butcher - really struck a chord, I'm intrigued enough to seek the book out now
  5. @Bookloverj16: French student here ,I actually had to translate the first sentence of Giovanni's Room like a WEEK ago, I didn't know at all it was the first line but I actually found it so cool ! Kinda surprised to hear about that book on a channel I never visited before 😂
  6. @nytro222: the silence of the girls
giovanni's room
the sea of tranquility
one of the boys
acts of service
carrie soto is back
the disaster tourist
acts of desperatio
someone who will love you in all your damaged glory
the idiot
  7. @Financiallyfreeauthor: Did you know that A Wrinkle In Time’s first line is…it was a dark and stormy night?
  8. @megs.9915: I'd rank these almost exactly the same as you! From my own First Line Hall of Fame: "Princeton, in the summer, smelled of nothing, and although Ifemelu liked the tranquil greenness of the many trees, the clean streets and stately homes, the delicately overpriced shops, and the quiet, abiding air of earned grace, it was this, the lack of a smell, that most appealed to her, perhaps because the other American cities she knew well had all smelled distinctly." -Americanah by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
  9. @sadikanousheen2622: “Mother died today. Or maybe it was yesterday, I don't know.” 
- Albert Camus 
Someone needed to mention this.
  10. @user-gm5er2or6i: Day 8 of asking you to read Ballad for George Henig by Viktor Paskovd
  11. @hauthot287: Whenever jack has a smart moment, his brain cell finally figured out what mitosis was
  12. @Genderneutralmonarchtarot: Your final ratings were pretty accurate with my own, but I would move Carrie Soto is Back down two notches
  13. @kaylamz.: 1. acts of service 
2. Giovanni room 
3. one of the boys
4. the disaster tourist
5. silence of the girls 
6. carrie soto is back
7. someone who will love you in all your damaged glory
8. acts of deception 
9. sea of tranquility
10. the idiots
  14. @lcan8524: I agree but would switch Acts of Service and The Silence of the Girls
  15. @hcoffeegirl: i loved notes on an execution's 1st line. it is simple, short and yet powerful; "You are a fingerprint" 
also the secret history has an iconic 1st line; "The snow in the mountains was melting and Bunny had been dead for several weeks before we came to understand the gravity of our situation."
from the video giovanni's room was my favoruite and it made me want to read it even more
  16. @annamariacurrivan6142: Unlike Latin languages, English does better with shorter sentences, at least for me.
  17. @sarahm2731: Silence of the Girls and Giovanni's Room were my top two :)
  18. @un--known_21: Acts of Service
The silence of the Girls
The Disaster Tourist
One of the Boys
Giovanni's room
Carrie Soto is Back
Acts of Desperation
Someone who will love you in all your damaged glory
Sea of Tranquility
The Idiot
  19. @fmt0htm: that kitchen roll did a great job😂
  20. @lunadarkbloom53: Mo Dao Zu Shi's "Great news! Wei Wuxian has died!" will always be my favorite opening line, iconic.

- Pulitzer Prize-Winner Explains His Writing Process — Richard Powers: Kind: captions Language: en character is complex and I I would always challenge my students I would say push them to the wall push them to the wall yeah and that's where the drama of being alive is can you live with yourself if you have to do something that you ordinarily would hate to do but the circumstance makes it necessary for you so you got person against themselves person against person is that it no there's a third level of drama tell me about these relationships with characters so if character drives drama and voice drives character what drives voice H and this might be lesson number one of craft so when you're writing what are you doing to make it feel alive read the first sentence again cuz you'll see a little registral trick there okay tell me when to stop each child's tree has its own Excellence stop Richard Powers won the Pulitzer Prize for the over story in 2019 and and I had some friends who recommended it to me they said wow the writing is so alive so I walk into a bookstore one day I pick it up and I start reading the sentences and the paragraphs and I was in awe of the descriptiveness The Wonder of his writing so that's a major part of what we talked about in this interview but also we spoke about the three different kinds of stories there's people against people people against themselves and people against the environment and he walked us through all three and then he said but we also need to talk about characters I want to show you how drama conflict voice and dialogue can bring a character to life so if you're somebody who's trying to write better stories and write with more life in your own work well you're going to love this conversation with Richard Powers character is complex and we all do this in course of Our Lives you know we our brains have adapted to try to understand understand the hidden motivations of other people in fact there when when you talk to evolutionary biologists there will be some who say we needed the big brain because we were social you know we had I mean mammals have by and large solved a lot of the problems of predation avoiding prey you know um you know responding flexibly to change you know you can get by on a lot less Hardware but what you need a lot of hardware for is keeping track of who's up and who's down who's in and who's out who that's right that's right so we're all novelists in our own lives we're all saying I this guy is remembering what happened between us 20 years ago right and he's holding a grudge or I haven't seen her in a long time I wonder if she's also a little bit in the nostalgic about the road that we did not take you know all those kinds of things that we do with each other all the time those are the underlying skills that we use to assemble character when we're creating stories who's a character in a recent novel that you still feel like you have a really intimate relationship with well I'm very close to the to the people in playground still um and one of the great joys of being a novelist is you get up in the morning and you say how are they going to surprise me today one of the great sadnesses of a novelist is you have to come to an end and you have to surrender the manuscript at some point and it becomes this fixed thing and yet your heart is still saying did I do right by them uh was there something else that they wanted or needed that I didn't get to you know so you know there's an odd way in which the character lives on in in your sense of of potential or Prospect as you're telling stories but you know the the two Central protagonists in this book uh Todd Keane who is a a Norths side chicagoan white privileged wealthy and Rafi young black guy from the South Side who's coming from a very different socioeconomic straum and whose personal history is very different than Todd's in weird ways I I used them both as alter OS you know I used them almost psychoanalytically to get to various things in my personal past that I wanted still to work through here at the age of 67 I put them I put them in collision with each other um character leads naturally into drama in a way that we can talk about but I let them Collide I you know they formed a friendship that was tight dedicated but also highly competitive and with a certain degree of weariness and distrust a certain degree of um ribbing and uh Relentless Uh crap shoveling as males do to each other um and the drama that arose out of that was naturally a kind of extension of all the unfinished drama of my young life you know from the age of 10 to the age of 30 uh and Beyond character leads into drama I think that's true I mean when we think of character you I used to teach character using something like the stanislowski method I don't know if you've had writers who have approached it that way but he was a great theoretician of acting and how how to uh an actor prepares is one of one of his works and you know how how to inhabit a role of someone on stage who isn't you and how to locate in the role something in the core inner values of that character that you yourself can identify with knowing full well that you don't you are not that person you do not belong to that world but somehow abstracting it enough so that you can use your own inner experiences and core inner values to inhabit and participate in that other characters uh and and of course what an actor does to inhabit a role is not that different than what a novelist has to do to create a character so make this concrete for me I don't know why I was thinking of Nemo and Nemo is you know this little kidf fish and Nemo wants to get out right and go do things go explore the ocean and then you have what's his name Marlin the dad Marlin I think is his name Marlin is this super overprotective dad and Marlin says to him very early in the movie he's like are you sure you want to go to school today because it's the first day of school he's trying to say stay home stay home because he is this just gripping on the life of his young son so if we take that tell me about what you're saying through the Prisma of those character so I I used to do this uh I and and this also derives from the stanowski method but I used to teach characterization as an onion so you you have on the outside of a person I don't necessarily mean the outside in the way that they perform themselves in the world because that's always a delicate and elaborate dance hiding a lot of things uh displaying a lot of things you know uh negotiating a lot of things but in in terms of the the psychic economy character in the outer shell are the traits H and he he's he's got a green shirt on it's got a little Insignia uh nice haircut you know he he holds one you know all the things that you can use to make a character Visual and visible to the reader yeah but those traits come from somewhere H right they derive from things that are farther on the in the interior of the onion and uh the beneath that level of surface you know physical traits or or behavioral traits you might have mannerisms like he likes to uh unnerve people right whenever somebody says something instead of saying all right he'll say what do you mean by that and and that mannerism of of uh uh challenging or subverting or undercutting somebody man there's a sensitivity of awareness that you must really have to have and is that something that you're cultivating I think it can be cultivated because I don't think I ever came by any of this naturally you know I if if you're talking about you know various uh distribution curves of people some of whom have very high emotional intelligence are immediately aligned with uh reading other people and then other people you know the cliche is the other end of the spectrum are people who do better with machines or or mathematical Concepts or I'm probably on that side of that Spectrum but I I I do think we can all we are all conversent you know to some degree with finding you know equivalence and and analoges across the ways of knowing the world so the next level inside of mannerisms would be what What I Call Core inner values and what I I get this again from people who have done a lot of thinking uh about the creation and inhabiting of characters so but by a value has to be something like honesty or Fidelity or perseverance right so so so we're now seeing Oh the reason he holds his hand like that is he he has a manner where he wants to set other people at ease um and underneath that manner of wanting to set people at ease is the value of complicity or or attentiveness or you know whatever it is but you see how multiple values can drive the same mannerism multiple mannerisms can be can lie behind the same trait so you have to find you have to find ways of making coherence so that the outward behavior of the person is both hiding and revealing things that they need things that they want to preserve in the world and and I I would always challenge my stud I would say push him to the wall push him to the wall yeah so I'd say you know this guy is a good guy you know he he values honesty but you know he also values Fidelity now put him in a place where he cannot have both so now you got to make a choice yeah what is what is your core in value and what one will fall by the wayside when push comes to shove because you got to choose and the the scenarios are obvious you know your friend has just done something wrong do you go to him and say look man you got to pay for that you have to own up to that or do you say I'm a good faithful friend I I you know I'm just going to support this guy I'll be with you no matter what yeah that's a story in fact that's 10,000 Stories right so what I'm hearing you say is you take these two values and you take them to the extreme you almost make somebody fight those two values internally yeah what would it take what situation or challenge would it take to force that person to have to jump ship from one and embrace the other now that's drama and that's a very specific kind of drama it's interior drama um and in the hierarchy of drama that I learned way back in grade school yeah back in the day very sexist language that would be called a man versus himself okay and that that fundamental kind of interior instability you know when I when I go out into the tum of the world my sense of self has to readjust my sense of what I think was most important to me has to change mhm that's the classic psychological novel how do we cope with the differences and the dramas inside our own head because look you know I don't want to have to choose between honesty and Fidelity I want to have both well life doesn't always let you have both right and that's where the drama of you yes now I'm doing that and David's doing that too and here we are sitting in the same room right and you need something from me and I need something from you right you have core interv value that's very different than my core interv value so November's coming up let's say for point of argument that my core inner value is equality and your core inner value is freedom and now we have to go to the election box and we have to vote for one candidate I can't believe who you're voting for you see what I'm saying now we have interpersonal drama now we have the sociological novel or the political novel where I can make you completely sympathetic to the reader and I can make myself completely sympathetic to the reader but now the reader is watching two people Collide in a way where they the reader has to say who's right the author doesn't necessarily have to say who's right but but the reader has to say if that were me which would I do well how would I jump I got to jump got to jump got to put a vote in The Ballot Box so you got person against themselves person against person right is that it no there's a third level of drama which is that human beings want to have a certain story in the world they want to have a project they want to have they they have a conception of what a good life is and how we can best go about doing that on this Earth the rest of the world and it is a very large rest of the world a very big comprehensive and interconnected living planet might be hostile to that idea of what it is that we want most it might be at best indifferent to it or it might be very sympathetic to it but there is battle between humans in the Aggregate and a world of which humans are only a very tiny part M and that level you would call man against the elements or man against life so you have the the the psychological component of all stories you have the sociological or political element of all stories but you also have this environmental or metaphysical iCal element to all stories MH now if I you know when I was reading everything I could get my hands on and deciding that I was going to give my life to this craft and this this work and I was reading especially contemporary novels in the 8S and then the '90s and even into the early 2000s there were a lot a lot of novels that were exceptionally good at Psychology and very very good at sociology and and politics but almost never ventured beyond the human world almost never introduced the idea that what we want out of our lives on this planet might not be commensurate with what the planet wants so the whole third kind of drama was disappearing from literary fiction we were getting extremely able and capable in our ability to tell stories about humans but only as if humans were autonomous and Inter independent from everything else right and it seemed to me that can't be right and and I started to look at the history of of liter fiction and then the history of world literature even before the novel and I was looking for that third kind of story and I saw I mean you can think of great examples of it right I mean if I said tell me a book about man versus nature or Man versus you know the gods or Man versus the elements Greek mythology a bunch all of it almost all mythological Traditions now now bring it up to the present what do you think you know what's what's the latest kind of great book in the American Canon that you think really concerned took seriously the idea of man versus nature I have no idea you got to go back away yeah and you got to go back to Mobi dick where you got to go back to the frontier American frontier no it's been that long huh well I mean there are always exceptions sure right but it there's a dip there's a real dip where you know from you know from 1851 when M dicks published to you know 1914 at start of the first world war you you see a trend for sure where that novel starts to seem quaint like the battle against nature you know it's like Jack London you know is well you know why why doesn't it seem literary to us because I think the practitioners of Storytelling were under the mistaken impression that man had defeated nature that human beings had won that drama and now we could invoke that drama kind of nostalgically but it wasn't a real issue in our lives anymore our Technologies had gotten so powerful that it didn't seem like questions that we had to ask anymore now what happens in the last couple decades is there's a growing awareness that we didn't win that in fact we're losing in that war and we're in bad shape not just on the climate front but on the species Extinction front and now that drama comes flooding back into the literary novel it never left the novel of Science Fiction it never left fantasy I mean fantasy is man against nature right it's telling that those things became second class those genres became subordinate genres genres in the eyes of the people who wanted to to be practitioners of literary fiction right but now now it where where it would have been strange for me in 1980 to pick pick up a a a new literary fiction that had a lot of non-human elements in it non-human agents or non-human concerns or taking place seriously or taking other kinds of creatures seriously now it's rare to pick one up that it isn't addressing this question of how are we going to stay here much longer as you were thinking about the overstory and learning about trees and developing a kind of empathy for trees right I think of how big is the distance between you as the person and the dare I say consciousness of a tree it almost felt like your mind and the consciousness of trees fused together and I know that in your research process you just spent a lot of time in the woods and I would to hear about that research but even more fundamentally how you developed that kind of empathy for trees and turning up the dial of just how real they were to you I found that in Old literature I you mentioned mythology um indigenous stories and of course I found it also by recovering my own earliest sense of narrative so you know I I've often said that young children are are animists you know or or uh you know they they have they they take seriously these magical creatures around us you know I was just looked at at some crows flying past I'm looking at these marvelous locusts out of the window you you know and a child will could look at that and know that that creature is alive in really profound ways that adults now stop taking seriously no it's just wood it's just wood right so to go back to my own childhood of pantheism and to go back to the stories that underwrite world literature that know that you can't talk about human beings you can't understand human beings except in conversation with the neighbors you know with understanding them in the full context of who we're not you know and our our fascination with the non-human world is that somehow we can see qualities in these other ways of being in the world that resonate with our own values so to look at the non-human world is also to understand interior drama so it's not just a question of giving trees voice it's a question of remembering those voices inside human beings that were suppressed by this cultural colonialism that said no no no don't you know pay no attention to the world behind the curtain it's just us so to recover to recover that amazement wasn't a separate thing than you know to than to go deep into character for me for the creation of that book they they became the same Enterprise well what's wild about the overstory is how articulate you are about trees let me just read this we we found that trees could communicate over the air and through their Roots Common Sense hooted us down we found that trees take care of each other Collective science dismissed the ideas Outsiders discovered how seeds remember the seasons of their childhood and set buds accordingly Outsiders discovered that trees sense the presence of other nearby life that a tree learns to save water that trees feed their young and synchronize their masts and Bank resources and warm kin and send out signals to wasps to come and save them from Attack I mean Richard for somebody who didn't know a lot about trees before he started writing this book to then getting to a place where you could see that feel that put that into language and then do it lyrically and poetically it's just astonishing and I just need to understand how you did that well my whole project from the beginning has been driven forward by these these ways of knowing the world that we think are incompatible or in inimical you know opposite uh uh or in opposition to each other the the way of knowing the world through empiricism and Science and the way of knowing the world through intuition and the spirit I think the greatest science writers know that these aren't really combating programs that that that they actually are commensal that they actually depend on one another so the in the passage that you read this character Patricia westerford she's an outsider and she's not afraid to anthropomorphize which drives a lot of scientists nuts even now although there are interesting ways in which that attitude is changing because it has prevented us from seeing certain things about the world Beyond us but she uses a vocabulary that's very lyrical and very poetic very spiritual but every claim that she makes in that catalog that you read has some kind of empirical backing in peer-reviewed journal articles that I researched when I was reading the book so to me that's going to be our Salvation we have to know the world the way a scientist knows the world and we have to know the world the way an animist or pantheist child knows the world and if we can get those both going in our individual selves and in our culture as a whole we might have a shot of sticking around for a while and I think that this is so I I didn't grow up liking novels very much it was not I didn't read novels it just it wasn't super compelling to me and reading this now it's something about reading out reading it out loud is really showing me what the novel can uniquely do I'll read a little bit more a forest knows things they wire themselves up underground there are brains down there ones our own brains aren't shaped to see root plasticity solving problems and making decisions fungal synapses what else do you want to call it link enough trees together and a forest grows aware and I mean it almost brings tears to my eyes and what it's doing is that language is giving life to something that I've seen 10,000 times and like you were saying earlier you just become an adult you're like ah it's just a chunk of wood and some leaves they fall every every Autumn whatever and you're giving them life and vitality again through the language and that's that's the great grace of of the form the novel form you could have come across those facts in a very well done popularization of the new forestry and and uh you know all the discoveries about U symbiotic relationships in in a forest that have come out the last several decades and you could have grasped them intellectually but I think as psychologists know the apprehension of fact and a shift in values are not the same thing and that we can be seduced much more by emotion and AFF effect and feeling than we can stand by statistics and graphs and arguments uh in fact the word emotion is interesting atomically so it means to to to move to to to to move someone you know a m a right the to to move through something or uh and there this has been verified again in so many Laboratories using so many experiments but the smallest appeal to affect and to identification can make people do things you know that argument cannot and there's odd experiments that you know that make you wonder how how fragile and La labile mankind is you know like uh they'll have they'll have subjects reading two different texts or three different texts you know with with control text and a text about you know a story about someone who does something good for someone else and and the ostensibly the experiment is about comprehension so someone reads some data and someone reads a control neutral narrative that has no bearing on you know the question of emotion and someone reads a fictional passage that you know has the potential to to move you m um to break your heart and make you cry a little bit and the the a sensible experiment is we want to test your reading comprehension please answer the following questions so all three groups answer the following questions and when you're done answering the questions you know please take your exams down the hall and deposit them at this at this door and meanwhile a Confederate is walking down the hall in the other direction and they dump their pencils on the ground as if by accident you know they've got a a bunch of uh they're carrying a bunch of goods and they make a mess the the group that has read the story is far more likely to stop and help the person who just dumped their goods all over the hallway and it doesn't really have that much to do with you know with the temperaments of the individuals in that group they've all been Baseline shifted to for a moment anyway to be more empathetic to to to identify more with this person who's now in a moment of suffering right um and that's what fiction does it invites identification it invites you to say who would I be if I weren't myself but that guy and simply the act of doing that increases your desire to to to be connected to to to to be empathetic to be helpful to another person hey I want to tell you about a new site that I built called writing exam exles we take writers like Steinbeck Orwell Seinfeld and break down what makes their writing so good if that sounds like it's kind of your thing we'll go to writing examples.com and if you go there you enter email I'll send you my three favorite editions right away all right back to the episode as I was reading that I started I really felt how attentive you are to Rhythm and pacing and language and the different Hues of a paragraph and I'm curious how you think about sentences and in order to create that effect in the reader yeah so so when you think about a good book a good novel um there are a lot of dogs pulling the sled you know there there are a lot of horses in harness and and some are you some of the concerns of of crafting a novel are what I would call lowlevel very very granular um addiction register syntax uh and then you know you work up to the kinds of things that you're talking about sentence level pace and Cadence and then the scene grows out of that and how long is should should the scene be and what is the flow in the shape of the scene what's the tempo of the scene and those emerge out of the the layers underneath so so you have language as one way of you know as one of the the dogs in the in in the the the pulling sled and you have uh drama and you have character and you have form and you have structure and and different readers attach themselves more happily or more easily to different elements of fiction right you know like you know people can come right out and say I'm a I'm a character guy you know I just want to see if these people feel robust and vital and threedimensional you know and the the story yeah I'll read for lot but it's basically do I know this person you know can I recognize myself in this person um and there there were other people and for a long time I was in this category I I didn't care about characterization I didn't care about plot I didn't care I just wanted beautiful language that's how I am isn't that funny you know because because identification with character is the dominant way of consuming a novel now in this culture at this moment people can look at us and and cite that fact as if it's a little freakish or a little offbeat I like that and descriptiveness yeah because setting a scene you know uh even before there are human agents or non-human agents in that scene for me can be you know some of the most glorious kinds of fictional experiences you can have whereas if you go to an MFA program you're likely to hear people say things like show don't tell which means don't spend a lot of time setting the scene just get people in there doing things right yeah so something is lost when you privilege one aspect of a fictional experience overall the others I think the the the the ideal strategy is getting all those elements pulling in the same direction and feeding on one another so the question is we talked about how drama grows out of character well character grows out of voice to to a large extent we come to know the people on the Page by how they're explaining themselves sure and how they're performing themselves for other people and what they're asking from other people so the moment you hear somebody you start to hear somebody you can also start to see that person Forest Gump from a movie is a great example yeah of just the way he speaks and the Simplicity of his of his language is a place where voice really then leads to character yeah so if if character drives drama and voice drives character what drives voice H and the answer is you're starting to get down to the nuts and bolts of your tool chest which is the the words the individual words and the way they they are aligned in a sentence huh right so I'll do the first one first although typically I would I would try you know with with the my students I I did it different ways in different years but I would show the inseparability of these things I'd show the the questions of register and diction are also the questions of syntax and and Cadence and pacing but the easy ones the lowest level is what is the register of that word and you know what does that word mean and to answer those questions is far from trivial when you say the register of a word what do you mean by that so linguists will talk about the levels of speech that people use and sometimes you'll see three uh casual in the middle formal above it and you know down and dirty you know uh slangy at the bot sure yeah and uh sometimes you'll see four you know you'll see different approaches to answering this question of you know how register works but when you think of the various ways that you can say uh hand me that right give me that yeah hey will you please pass that yeah completely different yeah and there there are a dozen more I mean there's no end actually to the ways that you can say that yeah I mean you can literally just say yo and then point out it that's that's great and you are you are performing a submit you're you're requesting something specific that can be identified but you're also sending signals Beyond signals about who you are about who you think the other person is about the kinds of values that you want to manifest to the other person about the kinds of values that you want to encourage or suppress in the other person all of those come out of voice and and voice again is what words what what how formal or informal are you uh are you going for in terms of your word choice it would often be eye openening to my students when I would come into class and I'd say you know you're because you're speakers of English you have a kind of builtin bilingualism they say what do you mean by that they say for historical reasons you have the possibility of drawing on two completely different histories and Origins of words in order to create registral and color effects are you talking about Latin and Anglo-Saxon yeah absolutely so if if if you say I live in a mansion right or if you say I live in a house why does one sound more expensive than the other right I mean back all the way at the beginning they were the same thing Mao and you know our English house were the same things but you know be because the Normans came came over to England and conquered the local English people and set themselves up in court the the the latinate through French uh words got a higher socioeconomic register right and and so immediately the words you use talk about your class yeah and when my students would make this realization it was like wow I've got some power that I didn't have before I maybe I could hear it in my ear when somebody's being snoody or somebody's trying to establish their street cred but now that I know the actual rules for making that work my ear becomes better right and uh the difference between freedom and liberty becomes more audible right right um so that's the word level considerations for voice the other consideration is the sentence level so and I I would try to teach this it's a very complicated question because English grammar is not trivial and but it's immensely flexible and you can create all kinds of different pallet effects and color effects uh by uh by using the flexible syntax and grammar of English but I I would say how can I how can I teach to my students where they don't have to go back to this subject that they hated when they were in sixth grade but they could get the meat and potatoes of it and and I was thinking can I do 80% of the work with 80% of the effect with 20% of the grammar you know sure and so I boiled it down to saying think about sentences as belonging basically to one of three classes so the the heart and soul of sentence call it a predication is the it's the main subject and the main verb every sentence has these now you might have an implied main subject and maybe an imperative verb where you know give me that would be an example right give the the predication is you give me that so the subject drops away and you just have the the command uh but every sentence is built around that kernel if you can find on the page or in your ear that kernel then you can build the sentence in the way that allows the sentence to recreate emotionally pratically the mental state that the speaker is in or that the narrator wants you to be in in that that the sentence starts to participate in the AFF of the thing that it's describing right so if I start with my predication and I put in a lot of other modifiers that creates a certain kind of syntax M he pointed the gun at his friend right there's a there's a kind of front-loaded shock to that right y you know or the gun exploded and uh a whiff of smoke uh exited the barrel you know these are clauses that have the action up front you know the the main subject main verb get delivered like that and then we see the consequences of those things now that's a very different thing than delaying the predication after a lot of modifiers so if you if if you want to put the reader into entirely opposite mental state you could say way back uh across the yard uh near the fence where a tiny Brook ran along a a an old hedge R she hid right M and of course by having these modifiers first the reader is in this suspenseful State yeah I was like what are you going to say what are you going to say what are you going to say and the she doesn't appear until the very end so she is hidden from the reader in the sentence oh wow I did not catch that right yeah in the same way that she's she's hidden in the physical space I did not catch that you have to wait for it wait for oh there she is right now the Third Way would be to split that predication down the middle and basically start with your subject and put a bunch of stuff in the middle and then a verb you know and and you can do this for all kinds of reasons too you can create suspense with that you can create comedy with it right uh it's probably the rarest form if you count the sentences in an average number most of them are going to be in the first uh species you know where the where the subject and verb are pretty upfront um a smaller number are going to be this delayed predication and maybe the smallest I I don't know I'd like to do that experiment sometime and actually get the data but my my intuition is that splitting the predication is the rarest but it has a very powerful and you know not only it the effect in itself can create these different forms of delay or suspense or or Intrigue but using it inside a paragraph when you've just had three sentences of you know a a trailing sentence in a row suddenly stopping and changing that changing it up it's like a a key change in music or going to different cord right tell me about writing descriptively because it's the kind of thing that people try to do and then all of a sudden they sound like they're trying too hard and I want to read this sentence cuz I think it's a good examp example of how you write descriptively and I want to hear how you think about doing this you write each child's tree has its own Excellence the ash diamond shaped bark the walnuts long compound leaves the maples shower of helicopters the vasik spread of elm the ironwoods fluted muscle what's cool about that is I can see it I can see it I can see it I can see it you're almost cutting between different scenes but I find that whenever I try to do that the writing just sounds overdone it's like David why are you trying so hard well it's okay it's okay to try hard because you always have an edit where you can make it look more effortless and you know to to push yourself in composition and say let me make a note to myself about the kinds of effects that I'm going after maybe they're too obvious maybe you know maybe they're too blocked out but at least you know now what effects it is that you after so think about that first draft as a note to yourself about you know about the psychic state that you want your senten your descriptions to participate in now when you go back you can hide your footwork and you can you can make it more elegant you can take out the ones the notes that are a bit too loud or that that announce too clearly what your intentions are but in that passage you know one of the tricks is that the idea in that passage is to make each species of tree Vivid and distinct to give them characteristics that are different from all the other trees but to do it I'm I'm I'm introducing it's almost like going back to to to Patricia westerford and saying there's subtle little elements of anthropomorphism in that sentence or or pantheism or animism in those description the ironwood's fluted muscle yeah and and now now it's like that that trunk that's so visually distinct in that in that tree now becomes like a like a weightlifter you see it flexing and you can see the Senus um so it's a it's a subtle invitation to elicit the animism in the reader oh yeah I've looked at a tree and I've thought that tree is evil or that tree is uh shy or that you know all these projected emotions Majestic right yeah yeah but read the first sentence again cuz you'll see a little registral trick there too okay tell me when to stop each child's tree has its own Excellence stop were you expecting that word as the final word of that Clause no it's it's it's like a a great song where you you hear the phrase and you think you know the way the chords are going and then all of a sudden at the the end of that phrase you hear sudden an interesting change of color or change of instrumentation or change of pitch the the last thing you would think to apply to a tree would be some degree of excellent now I always think you know the the beginning of a sentence and the end of a sentence are very powerful places to set a reader's expectation and then to surprise the reader's expectation that each child's tree has its own degree of Excellence right and the reader unconscious they just reading along for the music of it and and the color of it and the the images being created but the composer is saying that word raises the tension a little bit at the end of that sentence and it's not the one that the as we read along we're constant saying what's coming next what's coming next we're you know we're we're like an AI what's the next most likely word we're like a large language model we have a model of the world and as I add each new word to this sentence you are deciding which way I'm going to go spin right exactly you got it you can play off that expectation you can you can set it in motion and then say NOP this way that way so how is it different say when you're describing a person so that one was about trees but then you right the farm was where Nick first started sketching the pencil dreams of boys Rockets outlandish cars masted armies imaginary cities more Baroque with detail each year then Wilder textures directly observed The Forest of hairs on a caterpillar's back and the stormy weather maps in the grain of floorboards yeah and you know it's interesting to read something that I wrote now seven or 8 years ago I'm I'm in a different place the world is in a different place uh that book exists and you know it's trajectory I could never have foreseen when I was working on it and I'm listening to those phrases on the one hand the way a brand new readers is listening to him because enough time has passed for me to forget what that passage how that passage worked so I hear that pencil the pencil dreams of boys and I don't know it's an odd metaphor for a second and then you get the catalog of things that boys might sketch and oh the pencil dreams of boys well what's so cool about this is I put it put me back to being a kid I used to design airports in my room when I was a kid so this is about rockets and outlandish cars it has nothing to with airplanes but something about the similarity put me back to being an 8-year-old kid kind of messing around and sketching around and designing baseball this and football that and that is now that I'm rereading it so much of what makes this resonate with me yeah now you can look at the the individual words in the syntax and say what is he doing to put me in that mental state beyond the simple uh literal conveyance of the sentence I have to say in all honesty and this might be lesson number one of craft I'm also listening and saying saying no I would do that differently Now give me a red pen you know because that's writing you are never done with it because you're a moving Target your reader is a moving Target the world is a moving Target you look at that sentence say give me another shot at that so you know when you say you look at your first draft and it's frustrating for you I say that's not a bug that's a feature let that frustration be another form of seeing your desire so how many times you rewrite those sentences oh gosh now see now with with word processing it's hard to say 12 right or 14 it's just continuous it just keeps happening never ends you know you wake up the next day and you're reworking the previous day's material and then you get to the end of the weekend you've got a chapter and you read the and you rework the chapter again and then the whole book is finished and now you say it's time to go do a second draft well that second draft is actually now you know depending on the various passages could might have been drafted a dozen times or more you know and and then you send it off to your first readers and they say it got a little it got a little slow for me from 140 to 200 you know and now you say well how do I pick the pace up and you go back and you draft it again and but the what all I'm saying is accept that as part of the glory and of of of the process of writing don't fight it as something you you know you wish you could finally make it right because there's no final right you know I I take this book that was published yesterday I go behind the podium tonight I start reading from it I want to change it wow when you get frustrated when you're writing and you're agitated or tense because you're not getting something right what is the nature of the things that aren't quite right for you oh they could be anything it could be deafness you know or deafness yeah like like I I I don't know what this person's trying to say or how they should be trying to say it it could be it could be uh a dramatic problem oh my God I just realized that I've been you know I've been counting on these two characters to be uh disagreeing about this matter but now that I see them both in context I'm not sure they would be so you could you you you you're constantly having to to course correct you're constantly having to to discover the things that you're unconscious knew sometimes you can't Discover it um so the ways of going wrong are infinite uh and the the the ways of going right are not final so ride it you know it's it's so definitely like surfing for me the the the craft tip here is relax forgive yourself you know know because it always comes around to something more satisfying that all you need to do is let it breathe a little bit go out take a hike you know uh stand in front of a tree you know breathe the breathe the air you know drink the drink um relax the perfectionism that says I need to get this in a Perfect final State let it let it be process I want to talk about introductions just how you think about where these books begin for over story you write first there was nothing then there was everything for playground before the Earth before the moon before the Stars before the sun before the sky even before the sea there was only time and taroa why do you choose those how do you think about that you're revealing something that I probably had never consciously articulated about what I like in Beginnings um but I see it clearly in both of these I want to situate my stories in a mythological framework yes you know but I also you know I'm imitating a certain kind of cinematography too like uh great films that start with a really distant wide establishing shot yep know and then you know go to a mid shot and then go to close that in my ear I want to say here is the the size of the canvas now we're going to explore this but don't forget that the canvas is all the way out here so if if that opening can be kind of cosmic then you earn the right to tell a local story and let it let it germinate and and grow into into the the the larger frame that you've set for the story but I'll tell you I I I love opening lines I I love looking at the books that I love and seeing how sometimes the entire book is contained in the microcosm of the first sentence or paragraph all the conflicts all the dramas all the characterization you know are hinted at in a way that the reader can't possibly uh see or anticipate I mean Romeo and Juliet two houses both alike in dignity in fair Verona where we lay our scene you get I mean just right at the beginning of that yeah two people they're very similar but uhoh stuff's about to happen right it was the best of times it was the worst of all these lines that have become so classic because after the fact retrospectively we realize that's the story in a nutshell but you know I search and search and search and I throw them out I start again I start somewhere else and it's all good you know it's all it's all discovery the the over story line first there was nothing then there was everything I mean if if you're not sympathetic you could say it's that's kind of philosophical mumble jumble and you know so the Gospel of John Works a little bit like that it could be a little bit of a mystification you know what in the beginning was the word and the Word was with God and the Word was God yeah and in these sort of you know linguistic play with the the the metaphysics of what's being expressed well that line actually comes from one of the last sentences that a dear friend of mine and a brilliant American poet sat on her deathbed and as she was drifting in and out of Consciousness and you know her loved ones were standing by and she would talk and they would lean in and what is she saying you know she said something she they couldn't hear her and they leaned in she said first there was nothing then there was everything you know and I thought you know what a better way to memorialize the life and work of this friendman to to take that and promote it to the start of this book if I remember correctly you you wanted to be a poet or you were very interested in poet want be a poet you still want to be a poet when I grow up yeah I may end up that way I don't know yeah but that's that's the place where those of us who love language first can focus on that as the primary Pursuit and there's also drama in poetry there's voice and there's characterization there's structure for sure and form we didn't even get to how uh drama generates form and structure but in poetry you see most of your job is to create visceral sensation through the musicality of of your words I mean there's there are a lot of other jobs that poets do and of course of course poetry itself is a moving Target and historically has been interested in different things at different times and you know what what what's considered the central preoccupation of poetry has changed so much even in the course of my lifetime but how does how does drama create form yeah so we we've seen these three kinds of collisions and in any Collision what you're talking about the the primary variable is tension in a collision you go from a low tension state to a high tension state right and and then you can relax that tension as the drama is resolved and then it starts up again somewhere else and tension goes so you are dialing in and out of something that most of us can can read intuitively as the stakes right and uh what we call tension is the realization on the part of the protagonists that the stakes are going up now when you think of form as trying to address the potentials and the problems of tension now you're thinking what does a a writer want to do from page one to page 400 to manipulate the tension in the reader and of course it's going up and down all the time depending on the drama of individual scenes but we have the the ability to tell stories you know this weird adaptation that the human brain has for imagining creating imaginary spaces and saying you know what if know what if this guy said this to this guy right um we know that when we tell even the simplest stories there's a kind of structure that makes sense with regard to tension and there's a kind of structure that doesn't make sense if I said once upon time there was a prince and the prince rode out on his his Steed and he killed the most challenging dragon in the country and then the next year the prince rode out on his horse and he killed a dragon that was somewhat challenging right that wouldn't make any sense you know and the you know the the the finale being and then he killed the easiest dragon in the country it would never sense at all so we have an intrinsic which would actually it would Merit some investigation as to why that makes absolute sense to us to stack tension as a rising thing you know to think about that as a as a physiological thing as a as part of uh this you know um adaptive power that we have to Intrigue other people with story but a simple rising action isn't really the most satisfying kind of story anyway especially for long form right so you know you you have to sculpt that tension graph in a way that does Justice to your characters does Justice to your readers expectations and keeps your readers intrigued because you know there there's a certain kind of tension in just wanting to know what happens next there's a certain kind of tension in knowing that there are Mysteries early on in a story that you can't explain and so there's that reverse anticipation of of knowing that eventually you're going to get an explanation that of something that right now is completely mysterious to you right so I would teach the tension graph as having four parts uh a hook where at the beginning tension is just a little bit higher artificially higher right in order to say here's what's here this is going to draw you into this world there's some Stakes early on that you're going to immediately be viscerally interested in y and once you get the reader hooked with with that higher level of of tension you can relax the tension a little bit as you move into what's what I would call the exposition who's who who are they uh where you know what what is the the the crisis what is the the stakes you know where where are these people coming from getting everybody on stage you you've earned the ability to relax the tension and getting it get everybody on stage because you've had that little bit of a of a bait and switch once the reader is oriented in this world once a certain amount of things have been exposed shown to be then you can start to explore the instabilities of those people in that situation now we go back to drama and and every every value creates an unstable counter value and every contact with another human being creates an instability in what those people want and need now you go through the great middle part of the book which is the rising action the stakes get higher every time something gets solved it produces a larger instability because ramifications of solving that first little episode are larger than the ep the first episode itself so you go up this letter and you you eventually reach you can't you hit the wall you can't raise the stakes any farther you've reached the ultimate dramatic conflict that's the climax of the book now typically we don't save that for the last page of the book we have this followon that says okay now that you've seen the final jumps that everybody's made now that you've seen what everybody has chosen as their core in value and seeing the way that they have to now live with the consequences of their choices MH you release that back into the world we use a French word for this in in nitology the dumal which we think of as the Revelation or the you know the the the consequences but it literally means the untying so you've been wrenching the knot Tighter and Tighter and Tighter you get to the climax it blows apart and now what happens in the world suggests anyway the trajectory of these people who have gone through fire and now are different than they were before in what ways are they different and what ways will the world that they live in be different we need enough of that to know what the final consequences of that climax would be have you picked up any similar tools for writing dialogue because dialogue is a representation of how people actually speak but it isn't it's far more efficient dare I say than actual human conversation it's highly stylized I mean if you were to sit on the the back of a bus here in the city and and just transcribe the way that people talk to each other and try to pass that off on the page you could make the claim this is the most realistic dialogue you'll ever hear it'd be terrible would be chaotic and incoherent and you know uh that we depend on certain conventions and and by when we say real or Vivid we're not actually talking about empirically accurate we're talking about the recognition of certain narrative expectations that we've learned from the kinds of fiction that are viable in our culture right now conventional dialogue realistic dialogue is the dialogue that knows how to manipulate the expect the conventional expectations that have been established for dialogue at this moment and you don't have to go back very far to to to start leaving your comfort zone in dialogue you know at if you're if you're every day if you're cutting your it and you're just living on fiction that's been written in the last 10 years and you're shaping your ear on those conventions and you go back 20 years or 40 years or 100 years you might say people don't talk talk like that you know but all you're saying is I've I've lost my context my my my decoder ring for you know for understanding how how these dialogues work so when you're writing what are you doing to make it feel alive without it feeling like you said empirically accurate to how people speak I think you have to hear it out loud because I think that's the way that most readers are actually going to consume the The Narrative when when we read we subvocalize you're hearing it subvocally and that's why sometimes for authors it's tough to listen to their own audio books because they've just spent a couple of years subvocalizing all these characters and now they have to hear those these characters literalized by some other voice actor and they're going no no no that's not what I'm hearing in my head you know um but to to create dialogue that can elicit different kinds of emotions from people is always furthered I think by actually saying it out loud and you know it testing it in the in The Crucible of your ear right so that when your readers do the same thing you at least have a little sense of the the register the the tone the color the Cadence the the realism the the socioeconomic accuracy of that dialogue I have no sense for this so who is someone who you really admire with dialogue and what is it that you admire about the way that they write it that you're trying to chase or cultivate yourself there's they're practitioners that are amazingly varied like you can get a writer like Anne patchet who whose characters you even forget that their characters you know because because she somehow can participate in the way that they speak so uh vividly and so virtuosic that the performance disappears entirely and you just say oh oh yeah that's that's my neighbor that's that's you know that the the woman that I lived with for 11 years or you know you're doing all those things just through her ability to to let them speak themselves to each other but then you can also get a writer who's aesthetically completely different like Don deil and you could look at a book like white noise and you could look at the dialogue in that book which is crazy you know and and highly artificial in one sense of the word artifice and yet you can say this man has the best ear of any living writer because he somehow can get to the absurdity of the way that we talk through each other you know or uh uh away from each other yeah you know and it's it's not realism it's in some ways it's kind of surreal what he does with with dialogic but it's so real in in terms of recognizing the the the the crazy way that we play this language game with one another okay so what I want to do is I want to pop between some different quotes we'll we'll kind of do a fire round quote parkour first one the best arguments in the world won't change a single person's mind the only thing that can do that is a good story I mean in order to move somebody you have to use emotions right um and we we we talked a great deal about those two different appeals uh the the appeal to logic and reason and rationality and the appeal to guts yeah if you would learn the secrets of nature you must practice more Humanity the secrets of nature are where the secrets of humanity arise we can see one another we can understand ourselves as individuals through the difference that we have looking at another person but to understand what a human being is we have to look at the more than human the loneliness of writing is that you baffle your friends and change the lives of strangers I I find this true to the present day you know I C I can give the manuscript to my brother and he can return it a couple of weeks later and say interesting and and and yet I can turn my phone on this morning and get an email saying you don't know me but I'm studying forestry now because you you know what sense is does that me that's just crazy yeah when you're sure of what you're looking at look harder yeah yeah because when you're sure you're not moving and reality is always moving right if if you've arrived at a definitive irrefutable point of view it's because your point of view is stationary and that's not going to help you survive in a world where all points of view are constantly moving interesting when I read that what I was thinking about was I was just thinking of the over story and I was thinking the infinite number of things that nature will reveal to you if you sit and you stop and you look and look and look yeah attention is the most profound source of meaning that we can have and before I I wrote over story I had a a path that I would walk from my house to my office and it looked something like this tree tree tree tree and as I started to write a war story that path started to look like this red oak Maple uh hornbeam uh and then as I got deeper into into over story it was oh guy you know it's not a red oak it's this guy and he's doing something that I've not seen in the other Red Oaks in the neighborhood right so the the granularity the particularity the pleasure of the world depends on slowing down and looking harder yeah we have the sense that structure is inimical to emotion or that systems are inimical to individuals you know that a book can either be a heart book or a head book and my desire of course is to write something that's like us namely an Allin one and I like this I this idea that you're getting at which is that there can be novels of thinking novels of feeling novels of character novels of ideas and this is one of the major themes of this conversation is the fusion of maybe even the right side and the left side of the brain in the work that you're trying to do the sled is only going to move when all the dogs are in harness and they're all pulling in the same direction but that's that's the craft of writing to find a way in which all those different approaches and it's far more than just head and heart I mean there are 300 regions of the brain right so what you want to do is get all all the the elements in your repertoire chosen in such a way that they're supporting one another other right that the levels are emerging from the decisions that you've made at the levels lower down and they're all in harness and in harmony I want to end by hearing about some of the time that you've spent writing in solitude you know when you wrote plowing in the dark you said I even wish that I could have gone into a sensory deprivation tank and it seems that Solitude has been a major asset and strategy over your career I agree with that but I I think I have to expand the formulation just a little bit moving in and out of solitude has been the strategy huh right my composition process and certain amount of my revision needs to remove the overwhelming stimulus of the world in order to be able to create a richness in my own imagination so I write lying in bed I'll pull the covers up I'll I'll dictate or I'll use a pen you know I'll turn the light out and do it in the dark I'll I'll look up at the bare ceiling as a way repurposing all my sensory apparatus that would ordinarily be taken up with you know the the the amazing stimulus of the world and and now just going back in tranquility and recollecting places that I've been things that I've known uh crisis that I've survived so that requires solitude but if you stay solitary you're going to spin out of orbit eventually both literally and artistically because you won't have the world to test the products of your Solitude against so you start to make a character you start to create a scene and and you you you need that sensory deprivation to get going and to get traction but now it's it's gained enough complexity and momentum on its own what you want to know now is is it true does it resonate and to do that you got to give up your Solitude you got to go back down into the melstrom and I think so many creators talk about that that boundary condition you know where you can control both the degree to which you can isolate and organize the complexities in the chaos of the world and the degree to which you can plunge back into the bracing rejuvenating corrective of a story that you didn't tell yeah and you have to play the one off the other well it seems like you've really experimented with different forms of composition cuz you were just talking about speech the typewriter or the keyboard there's handwriting right how do you mix those and how does your language show up differently in different input formats it's kind of scene dependent and book dependent to some extent the ratio and and what are go to uh at each moment it's also depending on my state of mind uh but I mean think of it the way that a musician would use different instruments you know you know if you're writing a song you might reach for a guitar for a certain kind of song you might sit down at the piano for a different kind of song go out in the in the woods and sing a capella for in a different a new a third kind of song or or you might you might rotate you know you might try you know different combinations in sequence or um in parallel I I think the samees for writing I think the tools that we use to write we reach for them when we need them when we detect through our intuition or through our intellect that we need to slow down or be more quiet or or speed up be more lively you know and and each each tool has its affordances and allows you to get to different places last question be as concrete as possible with how do you actually think about your day-to-day structure when you're writing in solitude I mean you were talking about I have this image of you just pulling the covers over your head and being there and letting your imagination wander and do set deadlines for yourself how does that work it's changed enormously over my 40 years and and 14 books I have always been a person who's most Alert in the morning and uh I I always uh for the maybe the first 25 30 years of my life knew that I was going to get best results if I had breakfast if I minimized my interaction with the world resisted the attempt to you know the the the uh uh desire to read yesterday's news or you know um to check my feeds um and simply get to work while my brain freshest and to to stay there until I had a thousand words that was the discipline that was what shaped the day I thought my job was getting a thousand words out every day it worked well for a long long time um something happened I became a different kind of writer I can point to the moment where it started and I can point to the moment where it started to accelerate but basically I now no longer see my day my primary job as get is as getting thousand words I see my primary job as being in the world the Living World so the first thing I will do in the morning is check the weather report and and the calendar and ask myself what's going on out there at what elevation and where's the show and where can I learn something and that's my primary accountability now uh to see myself through the nonhuman world to remember all of my experiences of my life through having this extended final chapter of meditation and presence and usually it means that if after a short time of being quickened and revived by uh all these amazements happening all around me without too much deliberation something that might have taken me a lot of forced effort earlier in my career sentences will start to come and and scenes will start to come and a lot of times you know I'll be four miles down a trail and realize I got to get home as quickly as I can because I can't hold it all in my memory anymore uh so the the the the the writing now is a supporting process for trying to keep me growing as a person in the world that keeps growing that was such a fun interview thank you so much for doing this pleasure it was great to meet you thanks daavid do yeah yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidPerellChannel [349 likes]: If you liked this conversation and haven’t subscribed to the channel, well, um…. what are you doing? Do yourself (and your readers) a favor… subscribe!

Richard Powers won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.

He's one of the best novelists alive today. This interview is a detailed look at his writing process, inspired by the class he used to teach at Stanford — and he's never done an interview quite like this.

Here are 17 lessons:

1. When you're sure what you're looking at, look harder.

2. There are ultimately only three kinds of novels: (1) Person vs. person, (2) person vs. society, and (3) person vs. environment. 

3. Person vs. Person: This is the psychological novel.

4. Person vs. Society: This is the sociological novel.

5. Person vs. Environment: This type of novel has gone out of style, and Richard is bringing it back. 

6. Clear out the clutter in your life so you can focus on your writing. The fewer complications you have, the more rich and textured your creative process can become. 

7. The best writing advice he's ever received? “Keep your petri dishes open.” Don't tie down your plans or outlines too tightly. 

8. There are two kinds of writers: Top-Down and Bottom Up. 

9. Top-Down writers: Start with the theme and the formal shape that'll drive the story.

10. Bottom-Up writers: Start with people, faces, voices, and local events… then gravitate toward the design of the book.

11. How do you create compelling characters? Push them to the wall. Make them choose between their top two core values. 

12. English speakers are innately bilingual because they can use Latin-inspired words and Anglo-Saxon ones.

13. Editing is the art of excavating what your subconscious mind already knows.

14. When writing dialogue, read it out loud to yourself. That's how readers will read it, too. They'll subvocalize. 

15. For years, Richard wrote and wrote and wouldn't leave the computer until he had 1,000 words on the page. 

16. “If you would learn the secrets of nature, you must practice more humanity.”

17. “The best arguments in the world won’t change a single person’s mind. The only thing that can do that is a good story.”

And finally, what's his goal as a writer? Here it is: “We have this sense that structure is inimical to emotion or that systems are inimical to individuals, that a book can either be a heart book or a head book. And my desire is to write something that's like us, namely an all-in-one.”
  2. @konstantinatsaka4596 [1 likes]: Great conversation
  3. @Acts-hw1zs: I can’t believe this content is free. Incredible.
  4. @JaneGonzales-c9y: You explained this so well, thank you!
  5. @haidarsurya6879: Wait... His voice so good. It is really true he not A dubber or cast or something?
  6. @allanvorda4455: Powers is the best living American writer.
  7. @FrenchQuarterLit: Perell is building a great digital library
  8. @FrenchQuarterLit: Powers looks like Stephen King's little brother
  9. @mikesmithz: What a voice!
  10. @SaibySing: David u doin amazin by shepherding us through the minds worth goldmines of intellectual, philosophical and metaphysical abyss which somewhere change and charge our own wiring and perspectives of looking at world and ourselves.
  11. @Kcorner-z2p: What he said about tension in a story has blown my mind 😮
  12. @georgioa4442: Θα ψάξω οπωσδήποτε για τα βιβλία του. Φαίνεται δυνατός συγγραφέας, είναι έξοχος ομιλητής, αλλά αυτό που με συγκλόνισε ήταν το σπάσιμο της φωνής του στο 58'-59' λεπτό, όταν αναφέρεται στα τελευταία λόγια μιας ποιήτριας φίλης του. Είναι ό,τι πιο ωραίο είδα σήμερα! Εν αρχή ην ο λόγος, λοιπόν...
  13. @kumarishubhi6601: The voice !!😯
  14. @SumanSagarwala: Deep gold standard inputs... as an interviewer maintaining a posture that respects the interviewee (legs all over the place) annoying ,would have made it a class act...
  15. @SaneMie-hu4io: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  16. @HassanBoumerhi-r2m: This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
  17. @Bull·Asterion: the fox and the hound isn't as old as moby dick
  18. @kungazopa: all this about trees been known by ancients for thousands of years. It’s nothing new he’s just employing phenomenonolgy to write it. The “apprehension”he talks about is that very thing.
  19. @Vib3s234: Such a wonderful literary podcast ❤
  20. @sanketsharma0113: white privelaged seriously?? Whys he sounds like woke?

- The Scienitific Way to Make Hit Songs: Kind: captions Language: en why do some songs blow up While others fade faster than last year's Tik Tok Trends well it turns out there's actual science behind it yeah science not Vibes not luck but a formula that makes people hit repeat over and over again to find that formula I'm diving into a mountain of scientific studies and analyzing over a million songs from 1950 to today as I go I'll be piecing together what separates a hit song from the rest all while making a song of my own let's see what we discover and how you can use it to craft your own hit songs and to understand why I chose this topic let's take it back to where this problem all started so I was just scrolling online but I came across this article that kind of blew my mind apparently a group of researchers from Stanford built an algorithm that could correctly predict Billboard hits 75% of the time what that seems pretty high right I feel like most of the time the music I like and listen to is way different than what trending on the Billboard Hot 100 hits we do a little bit more research so I did some more research but what I found surprised me even more so I found another research study that kind of corroborates what I found and the first research study this algorithm can predict songs with 88% accuracy that's 133% higher than the last one if this is true and they could predict it with this high of accuracy what are they looking at what is the patterns that they're finding between these hit songs that the other songs don't have and that very question led me down the rabbit hole I was about to jump into today before going any further let me just make sure that 88% is really that good as good as I think it is so in order to do that I'm just going to quiz myself using chat gbt I'm going to ask it to give me a list of 80 popular songs over the last 50 years and I will guess if they got on the Billboard Hot 100 or not little did I know how hard this quiz would be pretty good if I to guess how what percentage I got I I feel like I got 80 70 70 80% we're going to find out turns out I was wrong we're going how how much is it what no wait wait what 36 that's not right is that right yes it was correct turns out I only got 36 out of 80 right I even recounted every vote but that made me think if a professional music producer like self did that badly how would the general population fair so as it turns out pretty much the same as me this study I found was analyzing the entertainment industry and movies specifically people were trying to guess if whether they watched a movie if it was going to be a success or not they got it right around 50% of the time I also found this study by Robert prey that just generally said people are bad at predicting hits then I found this study which was using functional MRIs to determine what was going to be hit songs and you guess it it got it right less than 50% of the time turns out we are not good at predicting what's going to be successful or what's going to be a hit but algorithms apparently are there has to be something more that this algorithm is looking at that I'm just not understanding right now and I was determined to find out what that was the best way I can think of to dissect what's going on behind this algorithm is to one look at some more scientific studies to see what the research says and two build the song along the way to see if I can make it sound like some of these Billboard hits and if we're going to start off writing a song the first thing I want to know is what genre I should write so I hopped on my computer to see what the scientific research says according to this article from headphones addict pop is the most popular music genre worldwide that's I mean that's what I was thinking pop is just short for popular music so that makes sense whereas hip hop and R&B dominates the US market I mean I'm in the us so maybe that means I make a hip-hop genre because it's the most popular giving it the best shot of charting but I am a pop music producer and I am very International I'm not I'm not International but I do think I am going to make a pop song instead so even though I had the genre selected I still had to determine what I should actually use for my beat so I did some research and I actually found a really cool data set that had a bunch of Billboard Hot 100 hits off of kaggle I put them into into a Google sheet and it gave some really cool information as you can see here all of these songs that you see on the left are ones that have charted I had no idea that Spotify was taking this much data when you upload your songs but I guess it is it tracks something called danceability Energy speech acoustic liveness instrumental veilance what and actually according to this 88% study if you look at the details you'll notice that it used these Spotify details and all of these values I just mentioned in that algorithm so maybe cracking this code and understanding what each of those numbers really mean is going to help us make our beat let me quickly explain what Spotify means by each of those different adjectives that they use in their data danceability refers to how easy it is to dance to the song apparently Spotify measures this by things like Tempo beat strength and the Rhythm consistency that it provides energy is how calm or exciting a track feels Spotify measures the general loudness the tamber of instruments also the entropy or the amount that chaos is happening in the song I'm not a data scientist I'm just just reading this speech covers how much of the song is talking versus how much is singing Spotify has a bunch of podcasts so his podcast would be closer up to one rap songs would be more speechy for example than say a love song ballad that you sing the entire one I have it sorted by speechin too which is why this is all kind of collected together rather than the scatter plot we were seen before vilage shows how happy or how sad a song is and by looking at this chart it looks like all across the board there's are tons of happy and sad songs that make the Billboard Hot 100 this this is great this is this is going to help me for sure but as it turns out it only made things harder Spotify measures how happy or sad a song is by things like the lyrical content major or minor chords that it uses and the type of instruments the song uses as well acoustic is how raw the song is for example the best way I can describe this is if you were performing this in a coffee shop with just an AC acoustic guitar and singing that would be very acoustic whereas if you have a lot of production quality and a lot of production sense that makes your acoustic go down and as you can see most of the songs are gearing towards more the side of higher production value you can see a high skew on the very low end of things and finally the one that I think might have helped these algorithms the most is called popularity popularity uses the number of plays and how recent those plays are to rank a song on how popular it is this is probably great for predicting hits but it's not going to help us make our beat so I won't be using it if I do an average of all of these columns I'm going to have a really good starting point for where to put my song and yes this was a great starting point but this was only 600 songs there was way more Billboard hits out there that I could be pulling from so I decided to hop back into the research so I also found this study using a different data set on Billboard hit songs that did something similar and they put it into a nice chart that I can use and show you right now what I'm going to do is I'm going to use these averages put them with my averages and combine them into a range that I can use then I'm going to use that range and actually find some reference songs that I can listen to and get an idea of what 6 dance ability actually might mean in this case we'll have to make a song as happy or sad as hey Mama by David geta or I don't give a by do a Lea in terms of energy we're shooting for something like say so by DOA cat or flowers by mile Cyrus for danceability we're looking at something like Star Boy by the weekend or Since You've Been Gone by Kelly clent for acoustic we're looking for something like thank you next by Ariana Grande or Take a Bow by Rihanna for a speech we're looking for something like Juice by lizo or run it by Chris Brown okay this is a lot of references though normally for references I don't choose more than three songs that I'm going to base my song off of this is like 12 songs but I do think it is going to help us make the beat so I'm back I spent the rest of the day working on the beat and kind of fleshing things out I also have happened to get a haircut now I'm ready to take some of these ideas I had and arrange them into a song and kind of put them where the song structure needs to go like what what does science say about song structure itself should I have a verse should I start with A Chorus do I even need a bridge well let's find out from one study that analyzed 880,000 chords over 745 classic us billboard pop songs they found that musical pleasure comes from the right combination of uncertainty and surprise the study basically says two things when people are listening to simple chord progressions and an unexpected chord happens they tend to prefer that and also if they're listening to a complex core progression and something predictable happens or simple then they also enjoy that I also happened upon another study which I thought was really interesting in order to study expectation and psychology Dr David hiron created an experiment that used musical sounds with rats he was determined to see how many sounds could be played that could scare a rat's attention into turning towards it started by playing one note an a the rats would turn their head then he played a a the rats turned their head both times but when he played a AA on the third a the rats stopped caring for that third sound the rats didn't turn their head they just weren't interested but something interesting happened when he changed it up instead of playing a AA Dr hon played a a b this time the rats had their attention the entire time all three times they turned their head he continued with this experiment and tried to see what the shortest number of letters that he could continually keep rat's attention for he ended up finding this pattern a a b a b c just like the last study it seems like the unpredictability of these notes is what made them interesting but what's even crazier about this particular pattern is I think it's perfect for song structure if we replace a with verse B with chorus and C with Bridge we have a blueprint for what we can do with our song in this case it would be verse Verse Chorus Verse Chorus bridge that also happens to be one of the most popular ways of structuring songs that we have and with that piece of information under my belt I went back into my song and started arranging it according to what the study had told me and once I was happy with the arrangement of the song I was ready to move on to one of the most important parts of this hit the melody let's see what science has to say about writing a good Melody I found this study that specifically compares the impact that lyrics have versus Melodies and it looks like that Melodies are actually more important than the lyrics in conveying emotional responses I've been preaching this for years so it's nice to be backed up I also found this study that showed me that over time Melodies have continued to get less complex and simpler this study also mentioned that the reason in simpler Melodies maybe because an increase in complexity in other factors of songs those factors could be faster tempos more vocals and more vocal layers higher quality of sound production and an increased overall complexity in tamber of the song itself I completely agree with that ever since the transition from the analog world to the digital all of those tools have become way more accessible than before and that's all well and good but a simple and non-complex Melody can't be all that I'm shooting for right well let me hop into my beat and make something that I think would fit in this lens I went ahead and recorded a lot of different Melody ideas that fell in line with what the studies were telling me to do and with each part I added my song began to sound better and better but there was still one important aspect that I needed to nail if my song had any shot of success the lyrics the song is sounding a lot better but it still needs some lyrics I really enjoy writing lyrics so I'm excited to see what the science says about this according to this study just like songs lyrics Have Become simpler and less complex over time it also mentions that lyrics have become more angry over time interesting this study showed that sad lyrics can make sad songs even sadder whereas lyrics on Happy songs don't necessarily make happier and in this study it shows that lyrics nowadays are using more personal pronouns than ever before like I and me it also noted that words related to positive emotions like love are being used less before I start writing my lyrics I'm going to brainstorm some words that fall in line with these studies that are simple that tend to be a little bit angrier that use some more personal pronouns I'm also going to try to use these lyrics to fit into that Spotify song framework that we talked about before obviously the lyrics and the lyrical content is a big reason if people will feel happy or sad with the song Let Me hop into the program and just come up with some ideas I started by creating a word list of potential words I wanted to include in my lyrics I'll use these words later as a pallet to pull from as I'm brainstorming lyrical lines for this song I tried to keep the lyrics simple and following some of the studies that we' previously talked about and although I did feel pretty confident in this pallet of words they weren't going to mean anything unless I actually wrote some lyrics down okay so I had to take some time away but I'm back on day three with my brainstormed lyrics here but before I do that I want to hop back into the science and see if it can guide me in any way this study from the Journal of consumer psychology showed the power of lyrical repetition saying that repetitive lyrics in a song increase processing fluency and drive Market success I also found this study which showed me that songs with higher rhyme saturation and basic lyric readability not only reach higher chart positions but tend to resonate more deeply with listeners both of those are great studies for just pointing out that I need to be simple with my lyrics but I also need to include a lot of rhyme on top of that I should be repeating things pretty frequently so with that in mind let's get writing I started off writing my lyrics by using the previous brainstorm words that I had come up with as a guy but this turned out to be far from Easy although I had the melody previously etched out I was really trying hard to fit in the right syllables to make the track as dancable as the references all while at the same time trying to make my lyrics simple repeatable and then have a slight negative veilance this ended taking me hours but if my song were to have any shot of success I needed to get it right I think I've got my lyrics finished up here so I'm going to record these vocals I'll do some producing on the track and then I'll add in some background vocals or just polish it up so it sounds professional and then I'll show you the final result after all that it was time to see if the scientific studies I followed were going to make this song sound like the [Music] hits still got a r Je she left in my room now she just history and I'm all news we had a problem F love weeks apart she's calling me up and I'm not sure if I'll pick up is it a Wast of time if you came to stay the night fall asleep with me right by By Your Side by your side tell me is it worth the RIS will it Hur to make it worse again should be turned away what we did with one last night and one more so there it is I'm only going to show the first verse and chorus if you want to see the full song go and like this video this gets 1,000 likes I'll post it on Soundcloud you can hear the full version but now the question we've been waiting for was I able to find the formula that really separates the hits from the mediocre was I able to use it in the song I think kind of we definitely learned a lot along the way in what sign science has to say about hit songs it seems that the majority of billboard hit songs are simple using simple Melodies Simple lyrics and simple ideas they use unpredictability and predictability to hook the listeners in they use repeated patterns in Melodies song structure and drum groups to hook people in even more and maybe most importantly it seems that hit songs make you feel something more that your Melody the beat your production quality and lyrics convey that emotion the higher likelihood it has of success but even with all of those ideas there are a lot more factors that the science didn't cover that I'm sure have a big impact on a song success including music marketing social media cultural Trends playlist placements and more an algorithm may be able to predict 88 out of the next 100 songs that will go on to be hit but if you keep working hard and you keep making music you're passionate about you can be part of the 12 that it never saw coming

  Top Comments:
  1. @pokelover02 [4 likes]: Marketing is so important! You also have to be prepared to ride the wave of success if you’re lucky enough to have gone viral
  2. @Nerd-h5t [2 likes]: I really like the line in your thumbnail simplicity+emotion
  3. @micangelo [2 likes]: When trying to see what hits the top 100 chart, let alone number one, we have to first know exactly what we're looking at. A lot of people think that a hit is just a really good song. Kind of, but there's way more to it. If you drop a song this Friday, and Taylor Swift just drops her album the same day with 15 songs and Beyonce just dropped an album a month ago with anorher 15 songs, it'll be hard as all hell to get your song to number one. That doesn't mean that it's a bad song. It's just that your timing may be working against you. They do the charts week by week. You may get a song that's not as good, get a higher chart position than it normally would just based on the fact that they dropped on in a week where there wasn't as much competition. You'd be surprised at how many legendary artists have never had a number one hit because of this. There's only 52 in a year out of all the genres. Also, some artists may get a number one position on a smaller, more specified chart like the hip-hop/R&B, country, or pop chart and announce that they got the number one spot. When most people hear number one spot, they're thinking the Billboard Hot 100, which is all genres combined. This is still a feat, but it is a little misleading. If there aren't any popular hip-hop/R&B songs out at that time, with the right marketing, it's a little easier to top that specific chart. These are things that the average fan don't know/realize.
  4. @nicciebunny [1 likes]: That beat is a turn off. The vocals are solid, lyrics are interesting. 
The beat is a distraction
  5. @danjohnson191: THAT IS A GREAT SONG!!!💎🎉
  6. @KiloMegaGigaTerra94: What app did you use when you were jotting down your lyrics? 

Awesome video. I appreciate the editing and the effort in the writing in production.

Cheers. 🎉🎉
  7. @AntarikshPasricha: great song!!
  8. @mallkeese3190: So in the end, you just made a copy of the trash that's already out there 🤣🤣🤣
  9. @Tweazyofficial: A hit song isn’t a marketing plan guys sso good video!!
  10. @justforheckofit: I must say, it is great to see you putting so much effort in your videos, especially in this time of AI slop. It gives us hope 😊
  11. @DisRespectoids: Correction it is 13 percentage points higher, 13% higher than 77 is about 87 but funny how it’s not that far off anyway
  12. @hectorhernandez-nl1cl: great song!!
  13. @drillgirl718: remove that little loop of that hip hop sounding vocal chop and itll sound way better
  14. @GalaxiaDeFavio: I guess he couldn't make a hit song right?
  15. @perfectTragedy: I think this is probably the most disingenuous way to produce music.
  16. @fernandocortes1187: 10:20 ABC: verse, chorus, bridge.  12:12 simple lyrics 13:32
  17. @pedrocatoira2695: baile funk aksdapsokfasmfaslmasd
  18. @razerfish: Your melody wasn't catchy enough. You need to change up the cadence and your chorus was pretty bland. You need to build in hooks that make the listener hum and sing along to the chorus by the 2nd time it comes around. Your verse just kind of melted into the pre-chorus and the pre-chorus did the same into the chorus. Not enough contrast between the and I don't even know what the melody was.
  19. @BimboGoldman: I was taught "Don't mix your own vocals". The reason is that you already know the words and the rest of us don't. I could not hear the lyrics in the verse properly. Bad mix.
  20. @DJShaneSwansboroughBowman: The epic video serves as an example of how to write a hit. In a trance. There are only two chord progressions ever used. One progression literally makes the subwoofers resonate against the grill falls of the enclosure. Of the enclosure that they're in. It's designed specifically to get maximum bass. The next chord progression. It's all about the temperature going up in the club. This leads to an increase in air density within the club. Consequently, the air density increases, leading to a higher frequency roll off. This results in a roll-off and the complete elimination of any harmonics. Harmonics, the sweet sound, are gone when the temperature's up. So you just go from. One core progression. When the room heats up, you go to the second. However, it's important to note that there are two distinct chord progressions. And you've got a hit.

- The 7 Secrets of Catchy Rap Choruses (How To Write Rap Hooks That Go Viral): Kind: captions Language: en in the hyper-connected 21st century where social media algorithms and vital Trends often dictate where the culture is at any given moment crafting an unforgettable rap hook isn't just a creative goal it's a necessity for standing out in an oversaturated Market this is no longer the era where lyrical Mastery alone will get you the crown this is the time of the iconic chorus the nucleus of any track that changes lives from viral Fame whether it's the hypnotic repetition of Kendrick Lamar or the minimalist Elegance of Drake a killer hook can Propel a song from Mere auditory experience to a cultural phenomenon aspiring rappers seasoned pros and even casual fans need to take note understanding the sequence of writing rap hooks that go viral is the golden ticket in the modern music landscape in today's episode of how to rat YouTube's most subscribed channel on learning the science of how to start rapping and begin a professional career in rap music we'll dive into the complex art and psychology of creating rap hooks that not only get stuck in your head but also ignite social media firestorms as we teach you the seven secrets of catchy rap courses that always go viral the first secret will unveil on how to write rap hooks that go viral is what will turn the repetition revolution of course in the music industry craft in a memorable Hook is like hitting the Steph Curry level three pointer for distance it's what everybody is aiming for but it's easier said than done one proven strategy for nailing this is repetition but this ain't just about mindlessly repeating words or Melodies it's a sophisticated tactic based on human psychology you see our brains are naturally wired to recognize patterns once you give listeners a sequence that they can latch onto you got a song that's not just catching for a day but memorable for a lifetime let's break this down with some examples of course Kendrick Lamar's humble is a master class in the power of repetition the phrase be humble sit down shut up trick or repeat it so often it's like he's drilling it into your brain pause and that repetition builds a rhythmic flow that heightens your overall engagement with the song with that you're not just a past of listener you become an active participant fully immersed in the music but repetition isn't just one size fits all on the other hand of course remember Drake's God's plan goes for a minimalist Vibe for repetition here are the repeated phrases bad things it's a lot of bad things and of course just God's plan are a few phrases that he uses yet it's every bit as impactful the Simplicity here works on multiple levels it's a breather from the more complex verses you'll write and puts the spotlight squarely on the emotional core of the song each word carries weight turning the hook into something that resonates deeply so repetition is your golden ticket for crafting hooks that have a lasting impact whether you're going for the more elaborate approach like Kendrick Lamar or opting for minimalist Elegance like Drake the underlying psychology Remains the Same next on our list of Secrets for how to write rap songs that are catchy and go viral is understanding that even in courses rhyme plays a role that's as critical as it is subtle you see when done right using elements like internal or slant Rhymes can create hooks that are lyrically captivating and rhythmically irresistible consider post Malone's rock star featuring 21 Savage for example the hook in this song is a study in the effective use of both straightforward and slant Rhymes phrases containing words like car and star are not just random selections they serve to tie the lyrics together in a cohesive melodic bundle really rhyme here acts as a binding agent making it easier to remember the words and more satisfying to sing along and plus it enhances the beat turning it into something that not only sounds good but also feels good to listen to additionally take a re-listen to Kendrick Lamar's Money Trees this track employees internal Rhymes threading them intricately within each line of the hook it's almost like a linguist puzzle making you appreciate the Artistry that goes into creating a hook that's layered in both meaning and form so what's the bottom line rhyme isn't just window dressing it's an essential tool that can make or break your hook now if you yourself are an up-and-coming rapper watching this and want to master the art of rhyming in your hooks or verses about any Topic at any time with Incredible ease one of the best ways to do this is mastering the art of freestyling so that you can always have Rhymes and bars flowing from you at any time you need to write that catchy hook the easiest way we found to do this is sign up for our Master the art of freestyle rap in two weeks or less course which will help you with daily drills practice sessions and even comes with a free bonus course called the infinite rhyme maker specifically designed for you to quickly create the best rhyme choices for Your Hooks click the first link in the video description to hear more about that but no matter what whether you're weaving intricate internal patterns like Kendrick or crafting something more straightforward like post Malone the rhyme choices in Your Hooks often draw listeners in not just for the moment but for repeated listens now in the Alchemy of crafting an unforgettable hook the instrumental backdrop serves as an indispensable element it's not just a support structure it's the Sonic landscape that sets the stage for the lyrics amplifying the emotional undertones and overall impact take juice world's lucid dreams as a case study this song incorporates a haunting Melody that's as Unforgettable as the lyrics themselves this carefully chosen instrumental backdrop Works in concert with the words to deliver an emotional pressure point that lingers long after the Music Stops you're not just listening to a catchy track you're experiencing a layered emotional narrative that sticks with you of course in a similar vein you can shift your lens to xXx tentacion's set here we see the power of minimalist instrumentals that Pare down beat sampling none other than the BMW alert serves as an amplifier lending gravity to the lyrics without overwhelming them this sort of Simplicity creates a sort of Sonic Clarity allowing the listening to focus on the emotional essence of the song making it not only memorable but also emotionally impactful the challenge in all of this though is striking the right balance the instrumental components should be compelling enough to Captivate listeners but subtle enough to let the lyrics shine when done right this equilibrium creates a multi-layered experience that engages The Listener on several fronts lyrical rhythmic and Sonic now what we mean when we say the emotional resonance radar look in rap music it's not enough for a hook to be catchy or melodically engaging what really gives a hook longevity and depth is its emotional resonance its ability to connect with listeners on a visceral Heart to Heart lip this connection transforms a hook from something that's merely memorable to a component of this song that listeners return to not just because it's catchy but because it Taps into something deep within them for example consider logic's 100273 8255 a song that grapples with the serious issue of mental health the hook in this track is far more than a set of well-arranged words and notes it's a hard-hitting emotional message that engages the listener's psyche but the realm of emotional resonance isn't confined to serious or heavy topics I mean take tracks like pop smokes welcome to the party in Dior as contrasting examples these songs may not dive into societal issues or existential questions but they carry an emotional charge during they capture the essence of useful energy the hustle of ambition and the Thrills that come with stepping into new and exhilarating experiences therefore be sure to always ask yourself is this track emotionally resonant does it bring out the emotion in the listener if you want to know how to write rap books that are viral and considered catchy you have to ask those questions of course another aspect of knowing how to write a rap hook that's termed catchy by practically everyone is understanding that the magic of a memorable hook often lies in a seemingly paradoxical blend of Simplicity and complexity while the hook needs to be unique enough to stand out from just a paint by number style hook that says the same thing over and over again it shouldn't be devoid of a precise and thoughtful melodic choice that you know will get everyone from ages 5 to 55 rapping along and singing along take for example Goosebumps by Travis Scott featuring Kendrick Lamar that hook I get those goosebumps every time yeah you know it appears simple on the surface but what makes it Unforgettable it's more than just the lyrics it's the entire auditory setting I mean Travis Scott uses auto-tune in many of his tracks as an instrument in itself adding layers of complexity to what initially seems kind of straightforward similarly we listen to I Like It by cardi B Bad Bunny and J Balvin regardless of how you feel about cardi B's off the mic personality this was a massive hit because the hooks sing-along quality is infectious yet it also cleverly melds Latin trap and Reggaeton with cardi B's unique rap style it's a cross-cultural genre defying piece of artistry encapsulated in a few catchy lines so the art of crafting the perfect hook lies in mastering this balance Simplicity serves as the entry point luring listeners into the core of the song but it's the undercurrents be it the blend of genres the Innovative instrumentation or the emotional weight that gives the hook its staying power now in The Wider rap culture creating a hook that Echoes with a cultural moment or speaks to a particular subculture isn't just clever it's what we're dubbing the culture catcher strategy this approach goes beyond catchy lyrics and beats to make your music timely relatable and ultimately part of the larger societal conversation take Drake's in my feelings for example this song wasn't just an audio experience it ignited a viral Dance Challenge turning it into a cultural event I mean it resonated so deeply because it plugged into something beyond music it became a part of a collective experience Central C's recent hit Doja pushes the boundaries of cultural resonance even further at first glance the title alone name checks dojakat a massively well-known musician in viral sensation known for hooks that stick this immediate cultural cue pulls in listeners who are already primed to engage and then add that to the fact that the music video was steered by Cole Bennett a Gucci name for viral rap visuals and you've already got a multi-layered hook set up But Central City doesn't just stop there if you notice the even layers in lines that subtly touch on politically charged topics I mean phrases like how can it be homophobic my chick is gay and demand them celebrate Eid the Trapster running on Christmas Day subtly integrate social and religious themes this widens the song's appeal and invents it with a larger dialogue extending its Half-Life Beyond a catchy chorus so in crafting your own hook aim for more than just creating a hummable tune I mean think about how you can position your song within an existing cultural conversation or Trend this multifaceted approach doesn't just boost the song's listening stats I mean it expands its cultural footprint increasing the likelihood of achieving viral status and last in similar accentral C's Master marketing moves with dojo in a music industry saturated with hooks designed for catchiness incorporate an unexpected twist and that can set your song apart elevating it from merely great to Legendary this strategic maneuver is what we'll call the surprise element and its potency shouldn't be underestimated a prime example is childish gambinos this is America the song begins with a cheerful choir-backed Melody only to surprise listeners by instantly pivoting to a darker trap beat this shocking twist isn't just random beat programming to mesh samples together it serves as a critique of the Discord between America's ideals and often its harsh realities and the surprise catches listeners off guard straight up I mean it adds a layer of depth that catapults the song into viral and critical Acclaim as we remember Kanye West's work of course often offers another insightful case study his album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy featured hooks that were Lush introspective and gray grandiose but then came the Yeezus ERA with the opening singles for that album New Slaves and Black Skinhead which featured hooks that were Polar Opposites to the glamorous and Sky chasing Vibe of the previous album in New Slaves Kanye confronted consumer culture in systemic racism a radical departure from his previous style and that confrontational nature served as an arresting Counterpoint to some of his earlier work forcing listeners to Grapple with hard truths as he saw them Black Skinhead further amplifies the shock Factor by fusing Rock and rat defying Kanye's traditional Soulful samples the lyrics in that track dive into racial identity in the trappings of Fame diverging from the approachable reflective hooks of many of his past works plus his touch the sky these unexpected elements serve as their own form of a hook compelling listeners to digest complex themes Kanye lays out therefore the next time you're writing a hook be sure to come back to this video and check one two or all of the secrets to make sure you're landing on the right Vibes to craft the best hook possible and now we'd like to see you in the comments what do you think is the catchiest hook in rap in 2023 so far let us know and maybe we can get a discussion going about how that track you've chosen uses one of the secrets and of course if you're interested in more personalized training be sure to visit the video description to master the art of rhyming and freestyling in two weeks or less I've been your host Drew Marcy the big homie Drew for how to ramp I'm out

  Top Comments:
  1. @MasterExecutive8 [34 likes]: I've got 2 songs done with hooks already. Afterwards I'm using this video as a guideline for my hooks for now on. Thanks drew and the how to rap team.💯🙏🏾
  2. @jaycurrency3260 [19 likes]: I Know? by Travis Scott gives a clear paradoxical blend of simplicity and auditory setting that gives a strong sing along spell. The sonic boom on the high piano notes mixed with the repetition revolution of “its 5 am & im drunk rn, tell me can we still fuck” & “I know” gives this song altogether that simple yet uniquely strong emotional resonance that hooks listeners to consistently come back to the song over & over again.
  3. @HowToRapOfficial [17 likes]: What do you think is the CATCHIEST hook in rap in 2023 so far?
  4. @Chubbychangaaa [16 likes]: Your channel has been so helpful to my craft! Never stop learning and growing guys!
  5. @brockklein3784 [15 likes]: This video is a clinic on how to speak a lot of words yet say nothing.
  6. @Stay_fan-l2s [15 likes]: Kanye taking on racism in his music is ironic 😭😭😭😭😭
  7. @she_uno [14 likes]: All My Life by Dirk and Cole have elements of a catchy hook from the repeatability to the lil kid choir.

Also would be interested in F u mean by Gunna as an example. I think the beat with that vocal sample is a big element there, but the actual hook may not be the biggest element of its success
  8. @dannyerlebach6631 [5 likes]: Excellent work on this video! Grateful for your efforts and knowledge sharing
  9. @UnknownRapter [4 likes]: 3:02 little did he know
  10. @gem1nc [3 likes]: You might wanna include the examples in your next vid, like the actual hooks from the songs.
  11. @Numekid [3 likes]: i'ma use this
  12. @alexundermdp [2 likes]: Blablabla
  13. @orpheus8944 [2 likes]: Could you imagine to make a video on how to flow on a DaBaby Beat? Greetings from Germany :) P.S: There's a german rapper (Fler) who took DaBabys style and developed his own style out of it which he made really good and in some parts even better than the orginal in my opnion (the beats for example) listen for e.g. to: Boring, Widder, Goat, TEC - 9 (the feats. on the song aren't good), Kein Weg zu weit (1:20)
  14. @hydrog3nbond [2 likes]: Still following up
  15. @HaTater-be1dh [1 likes]: For me, queen of catchy Hook is dua lipa ❤
  16. @josephwhigham3490: Appreciate it you got something catchy I’m glad I looked this up it definitely helped
  17. @PapzanemaxzeSheriff: I'm New here I want to studying music hip hop rap please I need your help please 🙏 Sir
  18. @fredalert7556: One quick note: No Drizzy has had any everlasting good effect one me
  19. @Babypowderbeats: :hands-yellow-heart-red:
  20. @blacktpoison5803: Black mamba by bella catchiest hook in the 2023
Flow ⚡🔥
Lyrics🔥
Pause ⚡
Black mamba by bella  is definition of perfect
Bella🛐

- Write a HIT CHORUS in 5 Minutes or Less: Kind: captions Language: en did you ever wish you could write one of those killer choruses that grabs an audience by the ear balls and sticks on their heads until they have to get it surgically removed let's stick around because we're getting into it writing a great melody is hard and we're going to talk more about that at the end of the video but there's more than just writing a great melody we have to know how to treat those melodies and what if i told you even the strongest hooks are really delicate and if we don't know how to treat them properly we can easily ruin them but if we get these two things right we can set up a choruses to have some real impact have a listen to this and see if you can hear what i'm talking about [Music] to make an explosive course the first thing we need is something capable of making that explosion so we want to look at the overall dynamic range of our melodies and in both these examples we can see the highest note that comes in any section before the chorus is three scale degrees lower than the first note of the chorus but there's more because not all songs are the same right well let's look at two songs that don't do this hello in both of these songs the highest note before the chorus is only one scale degree lower than the first note of the chorus but with these songs the first note of the chorus isn't the highest note and if we look at the highest note in the chorus it's three scale degrees above the highest note before the chorus so an ideal charge for an explosive melody is to keep the highest note before the chorus three to four scale degrees below the highest note in the chorus but we're only scratching the surface here because a charge is worthless without a detonator check this out so in this slightly forced analogy this interval is what i'm calling the detonator it's the interval from the last note just before the chorus to the first note of the chorus in all these songs the last note before the chorus is eight scale degrees below the first note of the chorus that's eight scale degrees and this is what really makes the chorus explode but there is some leeway with this an umbrella that leap is six scale degrees lower than the first note of the chorus so an ideal detonator to pair with our charges keep the last note just before the chorus six to eight scale degrees below the first note of the chorus but none of that matters unless you have a great melody to begin with so check out this video next and i'll show you a foolproof way to write catchy original melodies

  Top Comments:
  1. @cazaw [67 likes]: Heres that 10 I owe you. Boom!
  2. @robotmad [3 likes]: Great info, subbed and liked.
  3. @Sw-sx7nw [2 likes]: What is a scale degree?
  4. @celestialataail [2 likes]: Great how you managed to squeeze all this in in 3 minutes 😊😊😊 Very helpful
  5. @DenisAshton [2 likes]: You’re a genius for analyzing and explaining  this shit. Thx!
  6. @sleepless808s [1 likes]: Hey just a tip. I think you should remove the ding on the bell with the red arrows in the future because I was trying to hear the music and the bell ding kept getting in the way of that.
  7. @fabiangg5569 [1 likes]: YESSSS!!!
  8. @richardhentonacoustic461 [1 likes]: What software to you use for the notes etc?
  9. @DeeTeaDee [1 likes]: Erm…what you going on about??? 😂
  10. @adamkhanpersonal [1 likes]: What does 8 degrees mean?
  11. @gazicj [1 likes]: wow, interesting.  thank you:)  i look fwd to experimenting!
  12. @mikamulperi: Also remember that there are no rules in art 🫶 still good conversation
  13. @yourtruename: What do you mean by: "One scale degree"? Do you mean one step down? Like the 7 th?
  14. @yyzsupra8338: am I the only one beside you that sees it says "fist note" ?  classic.... coin that expression forever.  the fist note. like a punch in the mouth. love it mang.
  15. @IrrealDan: i dont feel like this is well explained
  16. @Angelica_Jade3: This was an encouraging video, your perspective is very helpful. But wow the part about creative confidence is also amazing. If my song sounds exactly like what I had in my soul, I accomplished what I wanted.
  17. @j.c1574: This kinda helped me
  18. @rant.manzzzz: this man is a true g
  19. @Spaceman640: I’m confused.  Is it proper to have the highest note of the chorus 7-8 degrees  above the highest note of the verse or 3-4 above?
  20. @payattentionlongenough: Practice the basics for an extraordinary amount of time

and in 10-20 years you will master the basics

but you will get paid for the time
A beginning tennis player can hit a backhand
Novak djokovic can hit a backhand
but djokovic gets paid millions for the extraordinary amount of time he spent practicing the backhand

- The science of music: Why your brain gets hooked on hit songs | Derek Thompson | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en One of the questions that I set out to answer in the book is, why do we like what we like in music? What makes music catchy? Where do “earworms” come from? And to answer this really complex question I started with the simplest possible question, which is: what is music? Why does the brain process some sounds as cacophony and other sounds very clearly as song? And to start to answer this question you have to go to Diana Deutsch. And she is a musicologist at the University of California San Diego. And Diana was listening to herself talk at her house one evening, and she put a sentence of hers on repeat and she realized if you take a bit of speech stream and you take a sliver of it and you start repeating it again, start repeating it again, start repeating it again, start repeating it again, start repeat –obviously you can sort of hear it if you’re listening that the brain suddenly starts to hear a melody in this repetition, and a rhythm and a beat, and it starts to hear that which was formally just speech as song. And so what she would say, what I would say, is that repetition is the God-particle of music, it is the thing that distinguishes the cacophony of the world from that which we cannot help but recognize as music. So that’s interesting, but it’s not an answer to the fundamental question, which is: what makes music catchy? Because if I go into a music studio and I say, “start repeating it again, start repeating it again” I’ll be laughed out of the studio immediately. So there has to be a repetition and variety. What is the scientific way to think about the balance? And to answer that question you have to fly northeast from San Diego to Ohio State University in Columbus Ohio, where David Huron did this famous study involving mice where he played a note for a mouse, let’s call it a B note. And the mouse would turn its head like this. And he would play B again, and the mouse would turn its head. And he would play B-B-B and the mouse’s head is just doing this thing. And eventually the mouse habituates, it learns to ignore the stimulus. And habituation is common in culture and life. We learn to ignore things that are too familiar. But if instead at the very moment the mouse is about to habituate from the B note he instead plays a C note, the mouse attends to the C note and is dishabituated from the B note. So now he can go back to scaring the mouse with the B note. And it turns out that if you want to scare a mouse for the longest period of time with the fewest number of notes there’s a very specific pattern that you play, and it goes: B-B-C-B-C-D note to habituate from both from the B and the C note. And as I was reading this study and talking to David I thought, well if you take the letter “B” and you replace it with the word “verse” and you take the letter “C” and you replace it with the word “chorus “and you take the letter “D” and you replace it with the word “bridge,” you have the following song structure: verse-verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge, which is essentially the most common pop song structure of the 20th century. So what seemed so fundamentally interesting to me about this idea is that this same formulaic relationship between repetition and variety that can scare a mouse in a laboratory setting also makes us attend to Top 40 radio in cars. But throughout the book I’m constantly thinking about what are the most important implications of each of these ideas, not only for entertainment, which is interesting but maybe not important, but also for something like politics? And it’s interesting when thinking about repetition and speech and persuasiveness, and realizing that every great rhetorical device is essentially a form of repetition. There is anaphora, which is repetition at the beginning of a sentence. Winston Churchill, “We shall fight them in the landing fields, we shall fight them on the air.” You have tricolon, which is repetition in triplicate. Abraham Lincoln, “Government of the people, by the people, for the people.” There is a lilt to repetition in human speech. But most impressively and maybe most utilized is this thing called antimetabole. And that’s impossible to remember or spell or pronounce so think of antimetabole as A-B-B-A, “Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.” A-B-B-A. “It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog.” Or Hillary Clinton, “Human rights are women’s rights and women’s rights are human rights,” A-B-B-A, antimetabole. And what I think is so interesting about antimetabole is that it is the most used rhetorical device I think, because it is just musical enough to disguise the fact that it is essentially song, that it is essentially turning human speech into that which the brain wants to process as fluent music. And so sometimes we hear both great ideas and terrible ideas as antimetabole and the brain wants them to be true, and so we like them before we even know to think about them.

  Top Comments:
  1. @debgib007 [1 likes]: Not all music is good, meaning a lot of music annoys the shit out of me, including this guy's voice.
  Also,  Satanism in music is a real thing.
  2. @SUREWOOD.: I wish my music could be
  3. @jimrogers7425: From this I would say that the chorus of a song functions as the repetition factor that can make a song a hit more often than not! And yes, a catchy, hooky chorus is one strong element. But with songs like McCartney’s Michelle, or Taylor’s Fire and Rain, it’s less to do with the hookiness of the chorus and more to do with the melody and its link to the cinematic nature of the chorus lyric that creates the appeal of the song!

By the way, this is a brilliant video! Cheers!
  4. @jamirewarner4716: You had me at BBC, that would scare me aswell 😅
  5. @ompatilebutale3908: 4:09 antimetabole ABBA .... Don't love your job, job your love
  6. @MustBeTitans: In Greece I suffer with music and make playlists. I really can't handle it.
  7. @therealdeemartin: Thank you for this content. Watching from Nashville, Tennessee
  8. @logankirby8105: I just searched for "why do people not like certain songs?" and this showed up. This is interesting.
  9. @ulisessantoro1905: Not really retard
  10. @blackbeasley23: so how do you explain this trash
running off jshxty
  11. @EwilleTheThird: This is genius
  12. @yatishkumar5638: Interestingly every hindu scriptures is in format of song even Ramayan and Mahabharat, Geeta, Vedas, Upanishad,etc.
  13. @Ph1lOfficial: good stuff
  14. @stevemaher8026: This is an awesome break down
  15. @Caboose009able: My hope is someone samples "Start repeating it again, start repeating it again" and just have it on repeat through the whole song, and send it to him 🤭
  16. @RynaxAlien: Music tastes are different
  17. @matthewstarek5257: I was skeptical at first, but the first thing of which i was skeptical, of which i was skeptical, of which i was skeptical, quickly dissipated as you made your insightful intelligence be known, insightful intelligence be known, intelligence, intelligence be shown.🎉❤
  18. @-.____-: 2:30 😂
  19. @KingJulius333: Well now I know how to scare a mouse thanks
  20. @rafideep6246: I only worship Mohammad Rafi sahab voice.The real singing God.All his songs as Desh Bhagti,Love songs etc are immortal.His voice had given and still giving a very happy and healthy lives to many many crores allover the Whole World

- Song Structure in Music Explained (Parts of a Song): Kind: captions Language: en hey i'm anthony in this video you're going to learn about form and structure and how to arrange your songs for the best impact i'll be using ableton live to analyze a song but you can use any daw feel free to follow along music tells a story the best stories have a strong sense of form and structure it's like a big tasty sandwich with lots of layers let's go over all the common elements of form and structure to do this i'm going to pull up out of love by chincia and the eclipse [Music] follow along and take note of the musical elements of the song it's a great way to start writing music i've already figured out the tempo of the song which is 100 bpm it lines up nicely in my grid so i can begin labeling it with markers in my daw alright listen to the song nice a cool muted guitar to introduce it call us the introduction and label it intro it seems to be about four bars long the intro introduces the song and defines the overall emotion and mood let's keep listening take me deep inside your mind where the demons go to hide nice there's a cool vocal melody that sits on top of the guitar this is the verse you can also call it your a section how long does the verse go for let's take a listen i wanna be wanna go on a follow let's drive deep into the night where we can't be touched by light i wanna taste wanna touch wanna feel what never found it seems to go on for about eight measures i'm going to label it here you should do the same the verse introduces thematic elements and starts to develop the song story it's usually where the voice enters if the song features vocals or where the melody enters if the song is an instrumental generally there is more than one verse in the song it is similar musically but often has different lyrics after the verse you'll have a pre-chorus or chorus this can also be called the b section the chorus holds the main energy of the song similar to the verse it's repeated several times it can also contain the hook which is a catchy melodic motif take a this section sounds like it's preparing us for something this is definitely our pre-chorus it goes right into the chorus which also lasts for eight measures i'll label it here and so should you after the intro verse and chorus the verse often repeats but with different words let's take a listen and see what's changed drums are the same as the chorus and the vocals and the chord progression are the same as the first verse call us verse 2 or a2 after the second verse there's a pre-chorus and chorus after that you'll come to a part of the song which is a departure from the rest we'll call this the bridge or the c-section the bridge is eight bars so label it here listen to how the music changes compared to the verse and the chorus there's a bit of dynamic shift there's a new vocal melody and the texture has changed there's also a nice build from the bridge back into the chorus the song is coming to an end with a powerful building double chorus at 16 measures [Applause] the main takeaway from the double chorus is the use of dynamics and texture it builds to be the most powerful part of the song label it now after the double chorus is our outro coming in at eight measures it's similar to the intro but it's ending the song instead of starting it you can have musical forms that are a b a b or verse chorus verse chorus or even a b a b c b b there are no wrong answers when it comes to form but there are forms that are more common and different types of music different genres label sections in a variety of ways for example in edm the a section or the verse would be called the build up the b section or the chorus would be called the drop the beauty of analyzing the form of your favorite songs is this now you have an awesome form to base your song around and a list of musical elements that will influence your sound i can't wait to hear what you come up with so that's it comment with what you'd like to learn next we'd love feedback so let us know what you liked or didn't about the video like and subscribe to catch more from lander take me deep inside your mind where the demons go to hide i wanna be wanna go on a fall

  Top Comments:
  1. @LANDRmusic [63 likes]: How do you like to arrange your songs?
  2. @SolomonNyame-wh8mv: Nice one
Pls I want ask that
The instrumentation within the song without any vocals what is the name given to that
  3. @AbuPaul: I'm a musical illiterate and have no music ears and know a lot less than 0% about music. However, I teach design software to architects and engineers, and the teacher in me got all that you said. Thank you!!!
  4. @hivajalali5804: Thanksssssss I watched and took notes and learned. Please also make a video of common names and forms in instrumental music used for mix and DJ.  💫🌟
  5. @suramyadias4670: Soon as I hear the accent
  6. @btkxx7: Thanks bro very helpful ❤
  7. @Mr.B_u_b_b: This a must watch for anyone intersted in making music. The video covers alot of stuff fast but in a very understandable manner.
  8. @LottsyMusic: That guy looks like an AI generated person.
  9. @debabratabehera2986: Sir thanks for more details for this u shown live example but other videos are not able to do that
  10. @thismrblue: What about Ambient music? What's the arrangement?
  11. @CharlesG.HelbJr: very interesting
  12. @theprophetminstrel1597: You left out REFRAIN. It really depends on the map you are using. Each map is designed to take the listener on a different journey. They're seven different routes your lyrics can go.
  13. @squishy312: The C section does kind of give birth to the whole song...
  14. @brandymarshall1: I wish I had someone working with me who knew this stuff
  15. @sirspongadoodle: anthony albanese why havent you done an interview with friendly jordies yet? he has done one with kevin rudd
  16. @jdchee: such a solid and simple explanation!
  17. @johndavis5835: This is a video about using software
  18. @selena-ba: totally nailed everything, absolutely brilliant work done, I imagine you put into a lot of work in such a well structured video
  19. @TurokVandam: Very helpful for creators
  20. @GeorgeHzMusic: Wooow so clear!!! Thanks so much

- The Anatomy Of A Song: Kind: captions Language: en hey, welcome to 12tone! if you've ever listened to music, you're probably familiar with things like verses and choruses. if you've studied songwriting, you've may have even learned formulas for them. for instance, lots of songs go verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge, chorus, done, and that works great, but as a theorist, it's not good enough. what is a verse? what's a chorus? why do they work, and what roles do they play? the answers vary from style to style, and even from song to song, but there's some commonalities we can look at to help us understand why these ideas are, well, everywhere. let's start with the chorus. depending on structure and style, this could also be called a refrain or a hook, and those names kind of give you a clue about what a chorus is. it's a repeated section that's usually the catchiest, most memorable part of the song. but definitions are easy. the interesting question is why. what's the point of repeating ourselves? well, it all comes down to memorability. the chorus is unique but familiar, and it sticks deep in the listener's head. it gives the song its identity. it's the part that everyone can sing along to, and that every fan knows by heart. this is obviously great for marketing, since it creates a sort of musical fingerprint, but it's actually really valuable from an artistic standpoint too. the chorus is like a quick sketch of the entire song. it often tells a short, abstract version of the story, hitting broad, emotional points instead of concrete narrative details. it's more about how you feel, and a good chorus usually serves as a sort of emotional apex, providing context for the rest of the song. typically, because the story is simpler here, the music gets bigger to compensate. ranges broaden, new instruments and voices come in, the melody gets more acrobatic, and everyone gets louder. in fact, the name "chorus" comes from the background singers that tend to join in for this section. all of this helps build that sense of memorability too, because the chorus is where the most interesting things tend to happen. in contrast, verses are often fairly straightforward. that's because they have a different role: they tell the actual story. verses fill in the details that the chorus hinted at. they're much more involved lyrically, so they tend to back off musically to avoid overwhelming the listener. this usually means more restrained melodies and quieter, simpler accompaniment, letting the faster, more complicated lyrics take the spotlight. but that's not to say you can't do anything interesting in a verse: they're a great place for background lines and complex harmonies, since the untrained ear isn't likely to be all that distracted by them. you just have to make sure that the things you add stay in in the background, because the verse is not their time to shine. another common mistake with verses is to write the first one, then just copy and paste the music for all the rest of them, changing only the lyrics from verse to verse. this is tempting, because we just said the background parts don't matter, but, well, you still some variety. the chorus probably isn't changing much, so if the verse isn't either then I've heard everything your song has to offer in the first minute or so, and the rest of it's gonna be repetitive and boring. a good arranger will often add variation between verses, either by changing the melody slightly or by adding new instruments or background lines to help the song build. it's tricky, because you don't want to overwhelm the narrative, but you've got to have some forward motion. and once you've run out of ways to make your verses different, there's one last trick up a songwriter's sleeve: the bridge. this is a section that's completely different, both musically and lyrically, from the rest of the song. it helps break up the monotony of repeated verses and choruses, injecting some new life just as the listener starts to get bored. there are lots of different kinds of bridges, but they tend to have two functions: first, they introduce new musical ideas. this can mean new melodies, new chords, new instruments, or even a new key: remember, at this point your audience is kinda sick of your verse and chorus, so the less like those it sounds, the better. bridges also usually recontextualize the story. this is a bit harder to define, but bridges tend to take a slightly different perspective on events. they give you another way of looking at it. maybe it provides some missing information that helps you see things differently, or maybe it jumps forward in time to a point where the wounds aren't so fresh. or maybe it's something else entirely: narratives are endlessly complex, and there's no shortage of ways to tell them. but if you're just writing it like an extra verse, you're probably wasting an opportunity. of course, those are only a few of the types of sections that can make up a song. we haven't covered intros, breakdowns, solos, prechoruses, or interludes, to name a few. but when it comes to storytelling these are some of the most important ones, and besides, we had to leave something to make another video about. until then, thanks for watching! if you want to help make these videos possible, please consider supporting 12tone on Patreon. you can also join our mailing list for scans of all our episodes, like, share, comment, subscribe, and keep on rockin'.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Riyahsays [7 likes]: I've never had someone break this down for me like this before and I've been looking for it my whole life. This is the explanation I was looking for. Thank you!
  2. @turntechFreakhead [2 likes]: actually fire. i liked the visuals too. the way the drawing was displayed is so unique to me
  3. @Cassidy88888 [1 likes]: so helpful YEARS later
  4. @eldertreebeard1791 [1 likes]: Great video, explained this in a way that was easy for me to understand.
  5. @SchyshallObed: What if my song is fully instrumental?
  6. @reversenecromancer: As someone with absolutely zero musical knowledge, this explains SO much!! I started looking into the structure of songs out of curiosity and these videos did not disappoint.
  7. @mostirrelevant: It is actually really interesting to listen to. 
Music will certainly change at some point, and I have no doubts it will change for the better, regardless of dull efforts that are inevitable in any age, to use this inadequate term in lack of better
  8. @1994voltcage: You are very good at explaining the 'what' and the 'why' - thank you!
  9. @bhu987us: Wha drugs do you use to write and draw so quickly? I want those drugs.
  10. @stephenkrus: 12tone 👑... dude! You're a legend for this. ✨👌
  11. @AbuPaul: I understood exactly zero :(
  12. @hivajalali5804: Watched and learned. Great depiction and storytelling🙏🏻💫
  13. @Spunglebub: I’ve made a grave mistake before this, I looked at song making logically, not realizing I was trying to tell a story
  14. @AlexS-zh6vy: I didn’t pay attention to what the video said, I just saw drawing.
  15. @BoldZone: U r wonderful man
  16. @WeirdoJaybird: So glad I've been following this channel. You've really grown.
  17. @zjedinite: For someone that likes to make music that doesn’t follow any rules feel like a hypocrite saying that this video was very helpful 🤦🏻‍♂️
  18. @LincolnLogster: Bridge hater checking in
  19. @FutureLinManuelMiranda: Thanks
  20. @NgcaliSikhwari: wow my friend ? This is an amazing video, the artist you are ?

- What Do Music Producers REALLY Do?: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered what a music producer actually does well I can tell you it's a whole lot more than pressing buttons a music producer shapes the entire sound guides the artist vision and a whole lot more and here's the thing there's a lot of different types of music producers and over the 40 years that I've been making records I've been every single one of those types of producers so in this video I'm going to explain the basic roles of a producer the different types of producers that there are some of my production processes how I deal with artists and there'll be a bonus rant at the end now if you look online and type in what does a producer do you're going to get a lot of the same answers such as a music producer overseas and directs recording projects they're going to get involved in the arrangement the recording the mixing the mastering they're going to manage budgets they're going to deal with a record label you don't actually often see them talk about the artistic side which is kind of what I think is more important such as creating a space where the artist feels comfortable enough to make mistakes and and allow them to try new things to take them to a level that they've never been to before and probably the most important thing is as a producer it's my job to know the difference between what is good and what is bad because most artists are not capable of objectively knowing when their output is good and when their output is bad and one of the most common things that happens is that I'm working with an artist and their best song is a song that they think was one of their worst songs but these are all just generalized definitions of what a producer does let's look at the different types of producers that there are first I should explain what a producer is not a lot of people get confused about the difference between an engineer and a producer an engineer is somebody who's going to set up the gear set up the microphones they're going to make sure that there's a nice clean signal running through all the gear and to the tape machine or the doll they also need to deal with technical issues and anticipate what is about to happen which kind of makes their job the hardest job in the studio because they need to be one step ahead of everyone they also are going to clean up the studio after everybody leaves put gear away do tape backups and stuff like that so they're the first one to get to the studio and the last one to leave but the engineers kind of supposed to keep their mouth shut it's not their role to be putting ideas into a situation that already has enough people doing that but the producer it is his job to have an opinion now to the different types of producers number one is what I call the movie director type or the hands-off producer and I can think of two people that are very famous producers that were like that one would be George Martin who did The Beatles stuff now there were some songs I think he played piano on but mostly he was there as almost like a movie director to oversee the whole thing making sure the flow is going putting his opinion in on how fast the song is or should we cut this section he was he was actually an arranger as well but he wasn't really like setting up mics and doing that stuff and in most cases not playing an instrument another great example would be Rick Rubin who doesn't play anything his role is to kind of like create a situation that is comfortable for the artists and kind of have this more Global Perspective like a movie director and direct people like that like you have all these people that help you engineers and arrangers and musicians whatever but he's up there to kind of watch the whole thing and make sure it's moving in this direction those kind of producers are a little bit more common back in the day you don't really see them around so much anymore and I think that's because of changes in the music business and technology which brings me to my next classification of producers which is the Allin producer that's somebody who can write songs or co-write the songs play instruments on the song engineer it mix it kind of do the whole thing which is the kind of production I've mostly done now some great examples of that kind of producer is Jack antinoff who was in the band's bleachers fun and steel train but went on to produce Taylor Swift Lord Lana Del re St Vincent pink and a ton of others there's also Brendan O'Brien who produced Stone Temple Pilots train Pearl Jam rage against a machine Bruce Springsteen and a crazy amount of other artists you should check out his discography there's also Todd rungren who's mostly known as an artist in his own right and his band Utopia but he also produced bad out of hell for meatloaf XTC Grand fun railroads American ban there's Jay Joyce who produced Eric Church Zack Brown ban Brandy Clark Little Big Town and a ton of others and of course there's prince who could do everything like literally from beginning to end now while all of these guys can mix records they don't always mix the records they work on Jack Antonoff sometimes hands that off to other people Jay Joyce will sometimes as well Prince later on his career had other people mix his stuff and not all of these people are singers I don't know if Brendan O'Brien sings or Jay Joyce sings but basically these people could pretty much make a whole record by themselves next we've got the engineer with great opinions and this would include people like Bob Clear Mountain Jimmy ioven and Steve Albini although Steve Albini didn't like to be called a producer but that's a whole other story but these are guys who grew into a production role out of being an engineer and I think a lot of times these guys end up being some of the best producers because if you think about where they came from as an engineer they weren't supposed to talk they just had to witness things they had to they were there kind of handling everything but witnessing these sessions and all these different producers in all these different situations and they learn from that and they were able to take that into production Engineers that turned into producers are pretty formidable producers from what I've seen and then we've got the beat maker now this is somebody who just makes a track makes some music and sends it out for people to use on their records and while a lot of these guys are making great sounding tracks to me I don't really think that they're really producers in the sense of what everybody else I just talked about does everybody else is following the whole process all the way through to the final finished product a lot of these guys are not really doing that now I have worked with some great beat makers that are actually producers like L John colie Park Polo Deon Bangladesh these guys are actually going through the whole process and often into the marketing as well that brings me to the next category and that is the invisible or uncredited producer I spent years mixing mostly rap and pop music and these songs were mostly produced by beat makers these are just tracks that got sent to the artists in the vast majority of the cases I never saw a producer in the studio they didn't even show up it was just given to me and often I was asked to make decisions about edits or changing parts and sometimes they'd send a singer or somebody like that in there and singers start singing and they look at me cuz I'm the only other guy in the room and they're like what do you think and it's like well as soon as I give my opinion I'm producing but I want it to be good so I just go ahead do it that was a very common thing and it's common for a lot of mixers out there who are actually doing this now often we are paid extra by the label to do it and just kind of keep our mouth shut and and that's fine but it was a situation I got tired of now the other kind of invisible or uncredited producer is the ghost producer and you'd be surprised how many of the big producers out there actually didn't make the music they have these guys at work for them and make it and maybe he'll walk in and say ah here's a little high hat part or something like that but they didn't actually make the beat they just contracted these guys to do it and I actually have a friend that's done that for a huge producer I can't say who it is but he made most of this person's music and was very happy being in this position cuz he did not like getting the publicity and then of course there's people who are producing without even realizing it engineers and people who own home Studios and all that and they're throwing suggestions and opinions because they want to to be good but keep in mind the minute you start putting an opinion in and making a change that is production so if you're doing that at least get the credit now first off let's not get confused about what I'm talking about here I'm not talking about making beats no what we're talking about here is working with other artists and clients that are coming to the studio to have you produce them and one of the first things I do is pre-production and that is where I get together with the band or maybe the artist and we do some rehearsals we go through the songs I try things in different keys to see where they sing best change tempos I do all that sort of stuff before we get into the studio so that I kind of get a better of understanding what it is that they're after also so that they can get to know me and we can kind of get our whole working relationship together as a producer I'm also responsible with dealing with the budget and often it's just as simple as making sure that they have enough money to pay for me to do everything that I'm going to do and getting through the mixing and all that but often they're going to need some session musicians so I'm going to go and find the session musicians that I want to use negotiate with them get them to sign work for higher contracts get hard drives for the project if we need to go to another Studio because we need a bigger space then I'm going to pick a studio that I like negotiate a price with them take care of the deposit all that kind of stuff maybe there's some travel expenses I also would need to make sure that we have catering taken care of or sometimes I'm just bringing along somebody who can run and go get food there might be gear rental and a lot of times me ing the budget is really just more about an artist not feeling comfortable about talking to musicians about paying them so they'll leave it up to me to handle all that so they don't have to worry about that they can just concentrate on the art it's my job as a producer to give the bander artists what they need sonically and artistically but there is some commercial Market considerations I need to take to make sure that they can actually do something with this music and that might be different depending on whether they're trying to say get a record deal or a live touring group or they're focused mainly on YouTube videos there's a lot of aspects there and I could actually make a whole video about just that process alone but it's up to me to know the equipment and the process I need to use to get to that sound and whether we're going to do it you know for a band or a singer songwriter or maybe it's just somebody who just needs a beat once you get Beyond making a beat the most important skill is people skills and people skills as you know related to artists not normal people but artists which is a whole different thing and requires you to be a bit of a psychiatrist knowing when to encourage somebody and give them support and then also know when to challenge somebody and tell them they're just being a baby about it and they're being lazy or whatever get in there and do the work and sometimes it's about who I let into the studio I've had to kick people out sometimes because they're creating a bad Vibe or making sure that there are certain people there that make the artists or the and feel very comfortable there's also a big difference between how I produce musicians and singers you see with a musician if you're going to be critical or give some direction on something that they're doing what they're doing is they're playing this this physical instrument it's a guitar or a bass or keyboard or something like that and it's about this thing with her hands right singers are very different when you say something about their performance you're talking about their body their throat it's in their body it's more like their soul and their whole being so you got be a little more careful about how you deal with a singer plus great singers tend to be a little bit more neurotic and crazy but that's just one of those skills that you have to learn as a producer and I spend a lot of time dealing with that kind of stuff and I have a lot of ways that I deal with that first off I think about the environment which is why my studio looks all crazy and funky like this because I don't want people to feel like they're in this super professional environment it should feel like we're making demos here which is where the magic normally happens so if we have to go work in a big professional studio for some reason I always try to bring something along extra things or try to create an atmosphere so it doesn't feel too professional which can just kill everything I also will use misdirection and distraction a lot so if somebody's fixing something they're punching in which means they're going to fix one little section of a vocal or a guitar part or something like that normally when people are doing that they'll hear themselves when they start recording at that moment and then they know oh this is the thing they're fixing I have ways can get around that so they don't know exactly where the punch in is I don't want them to know that I just want them to perform so I never tell people that I will also resort to lying I'll tell people oh it's just a scratch vocal oh I'm working on the sound here no just keep singing just keep singing I record everything I record it all the band oh we're doing headphone checks whatever we're just I'm checking some tones I record everything cuz when people are thinking they're recording they're like oh oh we're recording now but they're just kind of doing their thing that's one of best things you can do I also will often ask a singer to quit singing like they're in there in the booth singing I'll stop them and say hey could you quit singing and they're like what do you mean it's like it sounds like you're doing these things your vocal coach taught you like I have to breathe I like quit quit doing that I want you to sing like you're in your bathroom I want you to be unsafe I want you to just try something kind of wacky right don't even don't even worry about it another thing I really like to do with singers is when they come in I'll set up a bunch of different vocal mics for them to try there's like three or four mics and I say oh singing this one singing this one singing this one and I always ask them which mic do you like best and whatever they choose I go with that one unless there's something really really weird because I'm going to make it work one way or the other I'll I'll deal with a mic sounding a little different but if I can get them to perform well that's all that matters I can deal with that other stuff if for some reason they like that mic CU it looks better it just sounds better in their headphones that's the one I'm using I also have this process where I will record whether it's a full band or vocals I record till it gets worse yeah like how do you know when you have the right take well when it starts getting worse you back up one or two takes and that's usually the right one or if we're hammering something that's not working and it's just getting worse I stop and I'm like I think we got it I I think we got the take whatever next day I say hey let's do another one and usually that first take because it's been they've been hammering at it and it's now in their soul usually the first takes the one that's that's the one there are times where the energy is not right in the room I've asked people to do jumping jacks or run or do something really physical or sometimes pushing people really hard and you know if they're not quite there just it to get people actually worked up and a little angry gets them to quit thinking about the record they're just mad at me or they're worked up about something and it's you know so I guess it's not a nice thing to do but I need to get the best performance so sometimes I'll do that when it works and it usually does work and they see the results then from then on out the the rest of the session is really easy I have to be adaptable I might have a day where hey we're going to do guitar parts on this day we're going to do vocal Parts but maybe the singer shows up and they're not feeling good and that's what I had planned I need to be able to Pivot to something else the guitar players having a bad day something was wrong with the guitar so a lot of the things I have to do is keeping the momentum of the project going forward everything's got to keep working but if something comes up messes up that plan I can't just get stuck there I need to be ready to Pivot to something else which brings me kind of to this other thing when I start working on a song It's my job to have a plan and know exactly what I'm going to do it's also important that I do what's best for the song and that might mean replacing the drummer on that particular song or making some arrangement changes and making some hard calls but it's also very important that I be adaptable because what happens sometimes is you start working on a song and you think it's going to go in this direction and then something happens during the session and it starts to go in this other direction and usually when that happens everybody in the room can see it and I think it's best to kind of pursue that because usually the song's taking on a life of its own it's almost dictating where it needs to go and to me that's where the magic happens so I always encourage people to do that and besides we can always hit undo and go back but being spontaneous and not sticking too hard to the plan is important and you just got to have the experience to be able to make that kind of judgment call bonus rant I've had situations where with certain artists you get towards the end of the production or you're working on a song and they're just arguing with you and arguing with you and normally what I say is like all right if you're just going to argue with me I'll tell you what I'll do what you want take my name off the project because if it's not my final say then just just credit me as an engineer and mixer that's fine go ahead do it you know I have a lot of confidence in my opinion and I'm not saying that to be egotistical it's not even an egotistical thing I know what my opinion is and I know what I want to do and I'm not going to do what I don't want to do I mean if I'm being hard to engineer and just mix that's a different thing it's like a I'm like a contract assassin or something like that right but when I'm producing that's what it's about and if you're not going to take my opinion then you're either not going to I'm not going to be the producer anymore or you need to fire me as a producer yes my opinion has to stay till the end but that opinion is for the best of the artist it's not just like oh I'm trying to impose my sound an artist comes to me and they say I want to sound like you know old school country or this pop thing or whatever and that's what I'm going to help them do in spite of them because it's amazing how sometimes an artist there're telling me what they want they just don't believe that what I'm doing is getting there like trust me it is getting you there so sometimes I literally have to fight the artists to do what's best for them I'm never trying to impose my sound on anybody CU some people don't know what sounds good about themselves like it's hard for most artists to hear something and make a judgment on whether it's good or bad it's amazing how many times singers especially and I'll say oh I love that line like oh my God my voice cracks I'm like that's the most emotional thing on the whole freaking record ah take it out I was off Pitch I'm like it's great that you off Pitch for a split second and leaned into it that's that's what makes it powerful and and I'll just say no we can't take it out I'm not tuning it that's the best thing in there why because I know what the hell I'm talking about but I'm also not caught up in it but I'm doing it for their benefit the other thing is very important and I I don't know how to say this but keep in mind and this kind of goes back to what I was saying when you're talking to a producer letting them know what you want and what you need is very important don't try to suck up to the producer because they are no name or whatever and try to like I'm going to say I want something because I'm not I heard this other record they did like that not interested in that I just need to know what you want because here's the thing at the end of the project I'm going to move on to another project you're going to live with this the rest of your damn life you better make sure it's what you want right or what you need right so you better communicate that to the producer very very well it's kind of weird like people have the weirdest motivations going in the studio I think people think it's all about fame or connection actions or something like that no I want to remind everybody it's the music business yeah your image matters you know whether you got cool makeup or like great hair or whatever uh that can help but at the end of the day it is about the music and and the performance right people get the wrong idea about things it's like no make sure that we working with the producer that they're going to deliver what you think you need to do what Market you're going into but hopefully the producer is going to hear that and and sometimes and sat with me I said okay I see what you're saying what if we tweak it just a little bit this way that we can yeah this thing here is cool like this Direction with the genre but you actually you know are a good kind of Straight Ahead singer songwriter maybe we don't need so many overdubs on it let's kind of focus on your voice a little bit more and that's one of those things where you need to like you need to trust them which goes back to what I said when you choose a producer you got to make sure that you're communicating with them what it is that you want musically but also where you're going with your career but you'd better trust them you'd better be willing to trust them with your life cuz that is kind of what you're doing it's like this could spell out the rest of your future and especially if you're funding this on your own it's it's not cheap to hire a good producer and you put that money into and that's money away from marketing and eating and bills and a bunch of other things you better trust them so you know get to know him get to know him well I know that was kind of a long video but I could talk talk about producing for hours um I'd be interested if anybody has anything else to say about production or what they think other roles of a producer so leave a comment below thanks for watching have a good day and always be unique this is Gabby by the way

  Top Comments:
  1. @AltoProperty [3 likes]: Lots of people taking online. This guy is one you should actually listen to. 💯 pro
  2. @ianflanders5096 [2 likes]: I've always thought of a producer as being the one who creates the instrumentals. Like DJ Khalid or Dr Dre.
  3. @matchfactoryman [2 likes]: Less talk, more music or even some music would be good.
  4. @Rebecca-zr3lu [1 likes]: God, thank you for healing our land and everyone and everything within your grand and wondrous kingdom creation. God, we pray for the forgiveness of sins and for you to fight every wrong in Jesus mighty name. Amen 🙏
  5. @bassplayinben [1 likes]: Every video on this channel is solid gold
  6. @MichaelR-h2v [1 likes]: Super fascinating! Answered my curiosity and questions, loved watching this video :]
  7. @andyhsong [1 likes]: 12:38 my favorite technique
  8. @Arni142 [1 likes]: Hello Gabby!
  9. @gsonn18 [1 likes]: Insightful - Thanks!
  10. @ScottHenson-b5i [1 likes]: Is there any chance that you could make a video of you producing a song so I can see the work
  11. @mayganphynix8267 [1 likes]: I LOVE your style and how you sometimes use manipulation for something that ends up being a really good thing. You seem to be pretty knowledgeable about psychology and just GET how people work. Loved this!! Thanks for sharing!
  12. @uiscestudio: You are generous :)
  13. @keithbarnhart6952: It varies from act-to-act, project-to-project. I worked with both legendary producers Quincy Jones and Arif Mardin, and they are very involved, hands on, do all of the arrangements, write charts, are gear savvy, even tape-edited themselves. Then there are producers like Russ Titleman who never showed up once in the 3-days I worked with Brian Wilson. In General, Hip-Hop/RAP producers are "yes" men who sub-contract just about every duty to someone else, and rarely give them credit.
  14. @MrG1275: Look Man, I am doing it all myself, is it right?
Probably not, that's why I listen to people like you, something is bound to rub off, eventually. 
If I hired you to do something for me, it means, I have more money than I currently have  and I need your expertise. It would be a stupid move, for me  to fire you, so I would need to shut up and listen. I don't have the confidence that you do so your advice is priceless!
  15. @AceWav: Billy your channel is MAD different in the best ways. You are my favorite channel in the audio space. I even resonate with you as a self-produced artist on all the parts of the process.
  16. @bradfoland2127: I’d hire you in a heartbeat because you love cats😁
  17. @delanoarts3703: You know this video probably made everyone he works with think he is lying lol
  18. @WilliamLeonard-f9o: James "Bimbo" Barton Listen to Queensrÿche Empire album. That's a great mix.
  19. @kennethg108: Great video! Thank you!
  20. @RedCloud-h6f: I always thought it's the drummers that would lead the psychotic charts,but then there is Sid, Jimmy and James.

- What is Song Structure? The 5 Most Popular Types! (w/ Real World Examples!!): Kind: captions Language: en one of the biggest problems I hear in amateur Productions that I get sent can be summed up in one phrase bad song Arrangement nothing makes a mix stand out more when there's no obvious structure to the song Bad song structure confuses the listeners and makes it hard to follow and do you know what that equals that means they're just gonna skip skip your song but even if you know something about song structure already this guide is going to give you some tips so that you can structure your songs so they make sense then after that I'll give you the five most common ways of structuring songs and then five examples of songs that follow those structures my name is Maddie I'm a professional music producer as well as music teacher this channel is fully dedicated to making you the best songwriter music producer possible if you want to produce professional sounding track from your bedroom hit subscribe so you don't miss out on any of the videos that I post they're going to help you change your music from sounding amateur to sounding radio ready now before diving into song structure let's define what song structure is song structure is the way the song changes over time it's how the song flows from verse to chorus how different sections of the song line themselves up in the song Space it's how the song is arranged Through Time song structure consists of different parts that are normally named things like verse Horus Bridge Etc these sections of the song make it easier for The Listener to understand what they're listening to if the listener gets bored or confused by the fact that there's a 64 measure long verse then they're gonna stop listening to your song to help you define song structure better I'm going to dive deep into some of the most common song structure sections Verse Chorus and Bridge let's start with the verse the verse is usually one of the first sections you hear in the song because of the first section they usually set the vibe for the song as well another notable aspect of verses is that they repeat themselves not in lyrics that's important or even instrumentation all the time but most of the time in melodic structure and chords the second verse copies a lot of ideas from the first and it makes it seem familiar to The Listener let's take a look at Gloria Gaynor's classic I Will Survive to find out more about the verses let's hop to the second verse keep in mind the melody that Gloria was singing and also keep in mind the chord structure underneath here we go very similar to the first verse but a lot more energetic this is reminiscent of that first verse just slightly different and notice the lyrics have changed too that's enough about verses let's hop into the chorus the chorus is the prom king of song sections they're the most popular the most talked about and probably the most important the chorus is almost always the catchiest part of the song and the part of the song that gets stuck in your head it's the part of the song that's singable and memorable and maybe one of the biggest reasons why you love a song the chorus often repeats itself and is an idea that shows up again and again in the same exact way sometimes choruses will differentiate themselves by adding more instrumentation more percussion or other elements like that but the lyrics themselves stay the same the melody stays the same and the chord structure says the same too let's take a look at a famous chorus from the Beatles Let It Be words of wisdom let it be let it be let it be let it be let it be whisper words of wisdom Let It Be I can hear you singing it now pretty catchy right courses don't have to be complex for them to be memorable but they should be one of the most enticing Parts about your song I often say to my students that the verse should be setting the storyline of what the feeling will be and then the chorus will be the general feeling that somebody has encapsulated in words if you're interested in learning more about song lyrics actually have a full guide on my website you can check that out in the description below now that takes us to the black sheep of the song section family the bridge the bridge is the most often overlooked of song structures the bridge serves as a musical breakpoint between the song often times after listening to the same part of a song for two three four minutes The Listener needs a break something that's in the same key something that feels like the rest of the song but changes it up enough to keep them interested without the bridge The Listener would just get bored let's take a look at a bridge that is an all-time classic from the song hey Ya by Outkast [Music] okay that would be an example of changing up the rhythm of the song it's changing up the rhythm of the lyrics changing up the melody and it keeps you interested especially when a bridge is as catchy as this now that I've defined what a verse A Chorus and a bridge are let me talk about the ways that people commonly mess up with song structure the first reason would be not understanding what song structure is this is the most prominent mistake I hear in songs that the song has a bunch of really cool melodic ideas but there's no obvious chorus in the song it's not a good thing when a minute and a half into the song and you haven't changed any of the chord structure any of the melodic structure either it gets boring keeping in mind basic sound structure as you write is usually enough to avoid this problem if you think about the song structure as you write if you have a guide then you're not going to fall into the Trap of creating something that is super confusing the next most common song structure mistake I hear is changing the sounds of each section beginners change the sound of each section so much that they lose cohesiveness song sections Define themselves by how they sound but they also Define themselves by the similarity to the other parts of sections with the same name for example verse 1 should be similar to verse 2. the first chorus should be similar to the second chorus keep them similar people it's what people have been listening to for years it's the formula that so many hit songs have followed and you should follow it too it's what listeners expect so give it to them the next mistake I see with song structure is changing the length of each section too much beginners make the mistake of making some sections really long and some sections really short compared to the rest of the song instead of changing the melody or the chords too much the first verse and the second verse are different only because the second verse is four times longer than the first verse I've heard songs with the first chorus being 16 Bar the second chorus being 64 bars and then the last chorus being eight bars that is a big change it's not uncommon for you to have your last course be twice as long but it shouldn't be five times longer than your verse now it's time to talk about exactly what good song structure looks like and I'm also going to give you some examples of songs that use that song structure I think the best way for you to understand good song structure is to study some of the most popular songs out there and analyze the structure that they have now if that sounds like a lot of work to you that's totally fine because I've gone ahead and done that for you I've compiled the five most popular song structure types that I found while listening to different types of music I've also included three examples of hit songs that use those song structures Link in the description below let me first Define what I think the five most common sock structures are they are number one Verse Chorus first chorus Bridge chorus mind take it easy number two Verse pre-chorus Chorus Verse pre-chorus Chorus Bridge chorus number three chorus reverse Chorus Verse Forest Bridge chorus number four verse filled drop delivers build drop this one is for your EDM fans out there number five versus Taurus reverse post chorus bridge forest post for us happy music making see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @soniyaantony5979 [7 likes]: I WONDER WHY YOU GOT LOW VIEWS , THE VIDEO IS AMAZING
  2. @arn3107 [5 likes]: love the production quality, surprised you have so little subscribers and views
you deserve way more!
thank you so much for your work!
  3. @Shadowthevampire [3 likes]: Question wich of the 5 song structures do you think is mostly used in Kpop? I wanna know how bands like BIG BANg structure their songs for instance.
  4. @willyparkinson8842 [2 likes]: Super cool
  5. @viviennet6119 [2 likes]: Hi Mattie 😊
Thankyou so much 🥰
  6. @GeorgeBrooks22 [1 likes]: What about intro, break, prelude, interlude, and outro?
  7. @BetterWorldMP [1 likes]: Hey man, I’m looking for the song structure document. It’s not up there anymore.
  8. @ofincense [1 likes]: Hey just so you know, the song structure link is no longer working/there
  9. @Shadowthevampire [1 likes]: What the heckis build and drop never heard those before...Ive atleast heard the phrase pre-chorus  Ive also not heard of post chorus ... could you explain theese 5 ? Im gratefull you told us about verse, birde and chorus but I need to know what the other ones do/mean/are used aswell.
  10. @harish2080 [1 likes]: Sir I'm begginer  I want to ask something about my verse 
Can you look my verse 1 And Verse 2
And can you  tell me is it Good verse structure 

( VERSE 1 )
Whenever we were together 
Always a part of thought in dreams 
Edge of air, we were united 
And it made we complete 
But now you are disappeared into the light 
I miss that time for I was your and you were mine 

( VERSE 2)
Your presence is fading with our lost existence
And your presence is gone just like the breeze 
I hold on to moments that slipped with ease 
Now silence alone is all I breathe 


( CHORUS )
Feels like you fading out of my mind 
Like echoes lost in passing time 
I reach for you but you are not anywhere 
Only silence fills the air 
Feels like you fading far from my view 
I close my eyes But I can't find you 


My song Topic is feels like you fading 
Is it can perfect with my Chorus ,Verse 1 And 2

And also 
I want to Write Bridge Outro 
But I have no idea how to Write 
Bridge and Outro 
What to Write in Bridge And Outro
  11. @decaystar [1 likes]: The reference links are not working
  12. @yashvimiglani2239: I have a question so the high note can be bridge right? And what about a rap what would it be
  13. @freeassociation4779: Great stuff!
  14. @mcfahk: Lol. By far the least convincing 'I'm a professional' in a long time. 'Notice the lyrics have changed' Hilarious!
  15. @abdelhamidbenmoussa8214: Intro, Outro, Solo
  16. @Vidap446: So informative, and u made it easy to understand! and thanks for giving examples. thanks for sharing!
  17. @Starvaze: Well, if i ever do a song, it'll probably be a techno song, that goes ABACACBABDCAB or something...I'm not sure, 8f that made sense.
  18. @chilloutpaul: W video
  19. @Shadowthevampire: So ive been allower your site trying to find the 5 song strucktures template to download I cannto find it.
  20. @LukeRoberts-d8n: When album sequencing happens why every song is played from beginning to end and also why every song is played from the first song to the very last song example nothing to lose is on track one ☝️ and it’s on 0:00 -3:33 to after today which is on track 11 and it also starts at 0:00-5:56?

- Music Production For Beginners (Step By Step Masterclass): Kind: captions Language: en if you're curious about how to produce music and you want an experienced teacher who's been there and done that to show you the ropes then you are in the right place my friend in this video I'm going to show you exactly how a professional producer like myself produces a song out from beginning to end and the best part is I'm going to do it in a way where you can follow along with me every single step and make your own song too I've been producing music for a living for over a decade now and I am qualified to teach you how the pros do it because I'm a professional so first I'm going to jump on the iPad that way I can show you the most effective and widely used production formula and if you don't know it yet this is going to be an absolute game changer for you it makes producing so much easier because instead of just shooting in the dark it's going to give you a road map for how to produce a fully finished sounding song instead of just some rough amateur demo so if you want any shot of producing good music do not skip this step it's the foundation for everything else all right now that we have the iPad I'm going to keep this short for you but let me break down the Five Element formula so the first of our five five elements is going to be drums drums are the foundation for rhythm they're so important in music and a lot of times when you're producing it's really helpful to actually start with drums okay so we got Drums element number two is going to be bass bass and drums are considered the Rhythm Section and getting bass out in is really going to help your song Sound full and a lot of people don't focus on it enough and it's one of the telltale signs of an amateur sounding track all right so we got drums and bass now element number three is a little bit trickier but it's what I like to call mids m i DS mids and what this means is any mid-range element like a piano or a guitar or strings or anything like that this is me trying to draw a whiter from above or like a synthesizer or something with some buttons on it okay so now we got our mid-range elements here and now we're on to our final two elements which are going to be [Music] vocals so there's vokes that's just all vocals somebody singing obviously and last but not least on our list we have effects effects are anything from like white noise to really ambient Reverb sounding noises or even things like adding Reverb And Delay to a vocal okay so that's it that's the Five Element formula so if you're producing a song I would focus on the drums first and we'll get into this when we start producing something but if you make sure to check each of these items off of your list as your producing your song the drums the bass the mids the vocals and the effects then your song should sound finished and this is just a great formula to keep in mind every time you start making a song all righty so now that we've got the formula down for how to produce music we can put our knowledge to the test and try the formula out for real first thing I'm going to do is open up a brand new session in Ableton what's that you say uh-oh you don't have Ableton well guess what they have a 90day free trial so you can download it and literally try it out for 3 months see if you like it and if you don't just don't pay for it that way you get to decide if this whole producing music thing is for you so no excuses you can get Ableton and follow along with me right now also quick note I would recommend Ableton Live standard not Ableton light doesn't have enough features and not Ableton Suite because it's unnecessary okay so we have a brand new project open in Ableton I'm going to hit command s to save I'm going to navigate to my sessions folder if you don't have a sessions folder just go ahead and make one it's so much easier when you save all of your projects into your sessions folder I'm going to call this one music production for beginners and just hit save and then go ahead and go to file collect all and save make sure these are all yellow and just press okay that's going to make sure everything that we work on stays inside the project folder and it'll make your life easier down the line so there's so many different ways that you can start a song but what I'm going to do today is I'm actually going to start with an Acappella meaning just the vocals of a different song so essentially we're kind of making a remix but what you do after that is you can mute the vocals and then you can write a new song to the instrumental that you made I have a friend with billions of streams one of the best producers I've ever met and he does this all the time when he's starting songs I'm going to go ahead and use an Acappella from my song dream which is from my dance music project called John balaya I know that the acapella is at 115 BPM and BPM is just beats per minute basically how fast or slow the song is and up here in Ableton you can just click on this 120 and use the arrow keys and make sure it's the same BPM as the AC capella that you're using another quick tip it might help you navigate Ableton a little bit better if you check out my beginner's guide to Ableton which is right up here and you can just right click on that and open it in a new tab get all the info you need on Ableton and then come back here and keep working with me but I'll try to explain things to keep it pretty simple for you I'm going to click up here to the left and turn on the metronome just to make sure we got everything lined up I had a dream water all right sounds good to me first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to start with drums now in Ableton you can just press command T and it'll make a new track super simple what I like to do is I'll find most of my samples from splice so if I click on the S up here and open splice I can just type in kick and look through all the different kicks that I've downloaded and then I can click and just drag one right into Ableton now sometimes it's helpful to go into a song with some reference ideas IDE of how you want to produce it now lately I've been loving the song greedy by tape McRae I think the production on it is so sick so in my head I'm going to be thinking about that as I produce these drums so first things first we have our kick dragged in and I'm just going to use command C to copy it and then I can click anywhere enablon and press command V and that's going to duplicate it so I'm just going to get a kick pattern going also you can just highlight a section enablon and press command D and that's just going to duplicate it and to zoom in and out you just hover over this gray area right here and click and drag so all I'm doing is just building out this kick part I'm going to press command T and make a new track and I'm going to drag a snare in look for a snare that's pretty nice that's nice too so I draged both of them in I'm just going to press command T and make another track below and I'm going to layer them together and see how it sounds it sounds pretty good but I actually want this sound to be a little bit shorter so I can just drag from the end of the clip and that's going to shorten it then I can also click on this little tiny square right here and drag that over to fade the end of it out all right I actually like this snare better okay so I ended up deciding on just the single snare right here and I can highlight it and press command D to duplicate it we're starting to get a little pattern here all right we're off to a great start all right now I want to add some kind of Shaker sound all right that one sounds good so for this I actually just want to use one little tiny part of it in the beginning so I can click the end of this clip and just drag it right on over if you want to get really precise hold command while you drag and it'll just ignore the grid for you I'm going to shorten this down and then I want there to be a right here a little two Shaker thing so I can find another little piece of this drag it over and I'm just creating a little variation here awesome so I'm going to highlight this kind of loop that we've started creating press command C to copy it press command D to duplicate it and now we've got this loop I was by okay great now something else I want to kind of do is make the drums a little bit dirtier so I'm going to click on our snare track right here to the right hold shift and click on our shaker track press command G and that's just going to group them together so on this group three I'm going to drag on an effect if you go to the left here audio effects drive and read Ducks we can put on this Effect called some dust let's see how that sounds all right I actually want to layer a Clap into this if I can I think this might be the sound I'm looking for let me just press command T to make a new track and drag it in there there we go yeah that's what it was missing just pressing command D to duplicate dream that I was walking under the water B by no one I had a dream turn that clap down a little bit had a dream Okay so we've got some drums going now next up we can add a little bit of base now if you watch the video on Ableton you'll know that there's three different ways to get sound into Ableton the first way is to drag samples in which is what we've been doing this whole time that way is super simple the second way is if we record our voice or we record an instrument so samples recording and the Third Way is called midi now a good way to think about midi is it's basically an instrument but it's on your computer and you have to tell the instrument on your computer what notes you want it to play if that sounds confusing just keep watching and I'll make it really simple for you first thing you want to do is press command shift T and that's going to make a new midi track if you go up here to the left where it says instruments we can go to simpler we can go to base we can actually use any of these bases if we want so what you want to do is drag this B Bas right onto your midi track and just let go and now we have that bass sound on this midi track up here to the right you'll see see this little keyboard make sure that that keyboard is yellow and now you can use your computer keyboard as a midi keyboard you can press Z and X to go up and down an octave and you can press C and V to adjust the velocity if you want okay so what I want this to do is to just play one note at the very beginning of each bar or every couple bars so I'm going to highlight it section right here make sure that it's an even four or eight beats so this is 1 2 3 4 5 6 78 eight bars then I'm going to press command shift M that's going to make a new midi clip and if you'll notice right when you do that there'll be a piano roll that pops up down here if it doesn't just double click on your midi clip and it'll pop up down here then you can click on this Gray Line and drag up to see more of it and you can highlight right to the left of the keys here and click and drag left to right and get the size exactly how you want it then you want to click on this little tiny headphone icon right here and that way you can hear the notes of the pmo roll when you click on them all right so the song is in a flat major if you don't know what key your song is in and you're using an acapella like this you can just Google search if it's a popular song and it'll tell you what key it's in nice so I want the bass to go like that if you don't have good headphones you might not be able to hear that note but it's a low Bassy note okay another little mixing trick I want to do really quick is just to make it so when this kick plays up here and this Bas plays down here they don't conflict cuz a lot of time when you do a kick with base the low end from each of those kind of fights for the same space so a way to fix that is we just go to audio effects right here we go into Dynamics and we drag a compressor onto this midi Bas track right here where it says drop audio effects here we click on this little triangle Arrow we click on side chain and we route this right to the kick which is on track two Decap kick Swift clipped Punchy click on that let's click on EQ so it's gray out and we'll turn the ratio all the way up the attack all the way down and then we'll click on this bent line right down here in the middle and we'll play with our threshold now this is called side chaining and it's basically when one sound plays it causes the other sound to duck in volume so we want this Basse sound to duck in volume when the kick sound is playing so let's have a listen if we solo the Basse sound which we can do just by clicking on this s right here listen to the way that it ducks in volume it's like quiet and then it gets louder I'll move that note up an octave so you can hear it better and if we turn this threshold down even further the effect will be even more dramatic but we can probably settle for somewhere around 18 and that should be enough to make room for the kick and the base to play at the same time all right that's going to be fine for base cuz we can just drawing other notes down the line next up I want to tackle some mids so I'm going to press command shift T and make a new midi track and I want to try to use a steel drum I'm not sure if Ableton has one let's check it out doesn't look like they have any okay I think this basic brushed bels will probably be close enough all right I'm going to highlight a section to make a new midi clip press command shift M to make the clip and then go here in the piano roll and draw in some notes I'm going to press solo to solo it and make sure we turn on the click up here to the left okay this is what our little pattern sounds like it sounds pretty good but I kind of want to layer it with one more sound so I can click on it here to the right track number eight press command D and that'll duplicate it now I'm going to solo the duplicated track and now I'm going to look for a different sound that we can layer with it okay so I got this Palm guitar sound that I've been working on and this basic brush sound right here what I'm going to do is the same thing I did with the drums I'm going to group them together by highlighting both of them and pressing command G and on that group I'm actually going to try the same effect out which was in drive and it's under Redux and it's called some dust this is what the sounds sound like together we can actually try putting a little overdrive on it as well and then just playing with the drive here all right let's listen to everything together I was get the water I had a dream all right on this Basse sound I'm actually going to try a little overdrive as well and just see how that sounds and I'm also going to back off this threshold on the side chain okay I'm going to turn it down a little bit and to do that enablon you just click over here to the right in the blue number box and just use the arrow keys was walking under the water B by no I had a dream and here I want the chords to change real quick if you're enjoying this video at all I would love for you to consider subscribing and giving me the chance to help you make the best music that you're capable of after all that's exactly what my goal is so I don't know why you wouldn't subscribe this channel would have been a godsend for me back in the day it's free music education insert the meme clip of Tim heideker when he's like it's free real estate baby now I have plans to put out a video on music theory and that video is going to be so helpful for you guys when I do put it out but until then hopefully some of you guys know a little bit of music theory but I can only teach production in this video just to keep it short so I'm not going to get into the nitty-gritty details of all the cords and stuff and I'm just going to try and move quickly okay so I've changed the bass notes up a little bit here and what I want to do next is actually add another mid layer I'm going to press command shift T to make a new midi track and highlight this section and press command shift M that's going to make a new midi clip and then I want to find some kind of pad and if you're wondering where I'm finding these sounds I'm just an instruments instrument rack and then I'm going based on the sound that I want which is a pad and I'm just looking through these if you can't hear them just click on this little headphone icon right here let's try dark corner pad I'm also using Ableton sounds to show you guys that you can do this too I'm trying not to use any third party plugins cuz I want you to be able to follow along all right I'm going to draw in some chords real quick wow this pad is actually great had enough I'm going to lower some of these high notes and I'm going to EQ this pad wow there's so much cool stuff happening in that song all right I've extended out some of these bass notes I've got this pad the way that I want it and this is kind of like the chorus section of the song and this is when I want to introduce effects for the first time first thing I want to add is some white noise because we want the chorus to feel big I'm just going to make a new track here at the bottom drag the White Noise onto that track and make sure it starts right at the chorus let's sounds let's have everything cut out here except for the little colimba pad thing we can have the snares coming right there so it sounds like this to wake up I had a dream you said all right now I'm just going to do some light mixing stuff like just eqing this white noise sound and scooping out the low's I'm also going to extend these bass notes even more just make them all the whole length and we need some kind of like ambient vocal thing to come in here as well so I'm just going to look through splice and see what you can find if I just just type in [Applause] vocal why not let's try it out see how sounds that's actually kind of cool what I'm going to do cuz I actually kind of want to use this cuz I think it's hilarious I'm going to drag eq8 onto it and scoop out some of the low end you can just copy what I'm doing here if you'd like I'm also going to bring some of the highs down and then last thing I'm going to do to totally cover it up is I'm going to put a Reverb on it probably like a cathedral we can solo it here and take a listen maybe play with a dry wet I never wanted to wake up I had a dream you said another thing I want to do is I want these Colima sounds to get even louder and more distorted so here is where we kind of start start getting into nitty-gritty territory and I have other videos that cover this it's called automation but essentially I want something that's already here like this Distortion to change as soon as we get to the chorus I want this drive to go up so the first thing I do is to the upper right here there's a little diagonal line I'm going to click on that and that's going to enable automation View and then I want to click on the parameter that I want to change which is that drive so I go down here to the left I click drive and now we have this red dotted line right here on that columa group now what we can do is click and make little dots on this line and drag stuff to change it over time we can draw in exactly how we want the drive to change so first look at this line here look at how it goes up and down and then look down here to the left at the drive when I press play you see how that drive changes over time so this process is called Automation and this is like a pro tip for production and it's a great tool for Dynamics and I'm going to use it right now to make this chorus sound even bigger so the way I do it is I highlight the section of the chorus I hold shift and I just drag this whole line up like this I also want to automate the tone right here so I'm going to click on the tone that's going to bring a new red dotted line on group number nine right here just going to highlight it hold shift and move that line up so this is what it sounds like before the Automation and then it gets big here for chorus all righty make sure to click this diagonal line when you're done and turn automation view off hopefully it should sound now like it gets a bit bigger on the chorus section I had a dream you said I just copy and pasted that screen maybe one other thing I would add is one last mid-range element some kind of vocal drone let's see what we got I think we can actually try using this sound sound and I think we can literally just copy and paste this first part maybe like this length right here and then we'll scoop out that lowend and put Reverb on it just like we did with the screen so I'm just pressing command D to duplicate that out now what I'm going to do is go to this scream sound that we have I'm going to double click on that track so we have our effects here the eq8 and the cathedral I'm going to hold shift and click on both of them command C to copy those effects and let's jump over to this choir track right here just double click on it paste them right here in the audio effects area and let's listen I'm going to turn the dry wet up bit now these are in the key of E minor but our song is in F minor or a flat major they're relative to each other let's listen now let's check it with a Colima and see how it sounds I'm actually going to add some more high-end let's see how it sounds with the Dunkle pad all right let's see how it sounds with everything else now hopefully the chorus should sound huge let's see a dream you said we can bring it down a little bit all right let me just organize this session and we'll do a quick review of everything okay so here is everything organized we have the drums the bass the mids the vocals and the effects just like the formula on the iPad just to let you guys know I've been working on this for about 49 minutes and that's just to show that you can make something that sounds pretty darn good in a a short amount of time especially using this formula first thing we did was we got some drums going don't forget we utilize this some dust preset on Redux to make the drum sound a little bit dirtier and cooler this is without it and it sounds good too but this is with it you know what we can do actually we can automate it to turn off in the chorus so it sounds like it gets even bigger okay so after the drums then we just included this Basse sound right here remember that was just an Ableton stock base with a little Distortion then after that we dove into mids which is once you're done with your Rhythm Section the mids really start to bring everything to life this is what the mids sound like on their own but really all it is is this pad the Plucky sound and that crazy choir sound all of them together and the bass drums and mids all together which honestly sound awesome and then we have our effects down here which is just this white noise sound and this crazy vocal scream that we found it's so funny to me but honestly it adds so much to the impact of the chorus because those two sounds start as soon as the chorus comes in and the thing about that scream noise is it adds energy but when the vocal is playing with it you don't really realize that it's a scream last but not least we have the vocal of course so this is together how cool is that that's literally only 12 different sounds that we used we didn't even do any recording all we did was just drag samples in and utilize midi and we used all stock sounds from Ableton and splice samples and if you don't have splice Ableton has a bunch of stock drum sounds too they even have drum machines up here where it says drums so you can just look through these or you can go to samples over here to the left and just type in something like kick and they have a bunch of stuff you can use and you just click and drag that over anywhere here and it'll drag the sample right in for you so you have all the tools at your disposal if you have able no excuses and you could just find Acappella online and download them figure out what the BPM is figure out what the key of the song is and just go from there and then when you're done producing your song you can mute the vocal and you have this awesome instrumental that you can write a brand new song to man I love Ableton so much and in time I think you will too okay so hopefully you feel at least a little bit inspired to start putting some paint on the canvas and what I mean by that is creating sounds and eventually songs inside of Ableton and let me just tell you this you have it in you seriously you really do you just have to get your reps in and it gets easier every single time I promise if you want to learn more about producing music you can check out literally any other video on my channel but for some of you guys you're going to want to take things a little more seriously and you're going to want to dive head first into producing and writing songs just like a pro and for you guys specifically I have a full-on paid course where I can take you through the whole process in chronological order I get into way more detail than this video and I'm also able to Mentor you by giving you feedback on your music opening up your project giving you notes showing you what I would change that sort of stuff so if that sounds interesting to you at all I'll put part of the course in the description of this video for free and you can check that out below if you felt like you enjoyed this video I would highly recommend checking out the free training because it's going to be a game changer for you I mean that wholeheartedly I worked so hard on it I really do think it's going to help you so much that being said thanks so much for spending some time with me today I genuinely value your time and I appreciate you being here remember to stop making excuses and start making music cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @CompleteProducer [432 likes]: I made a part 2! https://youtu.be/8MQ9XIN4erI
  2. @Staryousn [1 likes]: The scream had me snorting lmao

Btw I have no idea how to produce music no skills no nothing but did I still watch despite having no idea and no mixing program? Yes. Yes I did.
  3. @meetislive_x: Anyone wanna make a song with me ?
  4. @reimuhakurei7213: useless for me because midi is the main focus for arranging music like shibayan records such as in magico catastrophe
  5. @Jennybarbieee: is it ok if i use logic pro instead of abelton ?
  6. @cessala_mimi: I use soundtrap and it's kinda hard but I have no choice because I'm still young and I have no budget or money to spend 😭
  7. @Sarahluna31: bro made this look so easy
  8. @NyahBrown-s1x: i find creating a meoldy the fun and somewhat easy part, but struggle when i want to put lyrics to my song. any tips or suggestions for getting the lyrics to flow?
  9. @Psychforlife999: Drums
Bass
MIDS(loops/samples)
Vocals
Effects
  10. @nancymolay: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  11. @iburnt_bacon9535: Horrible tutorial. Ableton looks NOTHING like his when you download it. And splice which he uses is a paid addon which ableton doesnt work without. Probably sponsored by these cashgrab programs.
  12. @rw6504: Thank you great video
  13. @HoaKim-m7v: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  14. @GarjuanDavid: thanks a lot for this update it definitely help
  15. @prodbynxnsense: Personally I use fl studio but this is still a great video!
  16. @frankjarrett8695: what are you using fruit loops? What? I'm ready to start recording music with this tas cam 1x2 but trying to see what software I should use???
  17. @RandomTipsAndStuff: After 30 years of creating half finished tracks and ideas OH ALRIGHT ILL WATCH A VIDEO ON IT
  18. @stephanieegt: Amazing Ethan!! very informative, I had absolutely no idea at first. Thank you <3
  19. @SoulsOnBoard: I don't get it though...all the instruments sound like 2003 Dell produced electronic instruments.
  20. @MiketheNerdRanger: I dunno, starting with the drums just never felt right