- The ONLY Way To Stop Procrastinating | Mel Robbins: Kind: captions Language: en you're not a procrastinator you have a habit of procrastinating big difference because if it's a habit I can teach you to use science to break it so let's talk a little bit about procrastination who in here struggles with procrastination yeah and the rest of you that are trading your hand or just procrastinating on doing it aren't you I know you see I always thought procrastination had to do with the thing I was procrastinating around right like that procrastination has something to do with work believe it or not procrastination has nothing to do with your work procrastination is a form of stress relief let me explain this so let's say that you've got some stuff going on in your life and heck who doesn't have stuff going on in your life maybe you're fighting with your significant other maybe moms or dads health is failing and it's really really upsetting you maybe you've got some financial stuff you put too much of your savings into Bitcoin and now that that's crashed you're stressed out about it right and so you go into work and when you get into work you got stuff to do you kind of walk in and you got this big stress ball that subconsciously is hanging over your head and so you walk in and you sit down and you know you've got 13 phone calls you need to make and you also know that you've been chickening out you've been making easy calls and there's a bunch of CIOs or other people that are higher level that you haven't been calling and so as you sit down to do it you've got the stress on your shoulders your brain that it starts to go wait a minute what you want me to make a call to somebody that I'm scared to make absolutely not I'm so stressed out about can we just watch some cat videos for a minute and next thing you know an hours gone by and then of course what do you do you beat yourself up so the only way that you can break this habit and that's an important word for you to hear you're not a procrastinator you have a habit of procrastinating big difference because if it's a habit I can teach you to use science to break it you see all habits have three parts there's a trigger and in the case of procrastination the triggers always stress then there's a pattern you repeat and in the case of procrastination it is to avoid doing something and then there's a reward you get a little stress relief the only way to break a habit you guys is not to deal with the triggers you're never gonna get rid of the stress in your life but you can 100% change your pattern of avoiding work so next time that you're in a situation where you feel yourself hesitate you spent way too much time checking out the highlights from last night's scores what you're gonna do is you're gonna go up I must be stressed out about something acknowledge the stress then go 5 4 3 2 1 I want you to count to yourself because I want you to interrupt the habit that's stored here and I want you to awaken your prefrontal cortex then I want you to just work just for five minutes the reason why I want you to only work for five minutes is because your problem isn't working it's the habit of avoiding I just need you to start and here's the other cool thing we know based on research that if we can get you to start 80% of you are going to keep going [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @goodlucknami222: 1. Acknowledge the stress
2. Count 5-4-3-2-1
3. Interrupt the procrastination habit.
4. Do 1 thing
  2. @Affenzunge: She's a great talker
  3. @AnujShetty-i1b: Realizing that procrastination is actually a form of stress relief completely changes the way I look at it. The 5-second rule really works
  4. @madamredbush: I’ve just put this in my watch later playlist. I’ll get to it.
  5. @richardjohnson4590: Yikes. Now i am scared ... you are trying to get me to start ... even to just go at it for 30 secs, 1 min, maybe 5 mins as a proper taste of giving it a go ... lemme put the kettle on again to get psyched up 4 it over another brew even though i just finished one ... i'm also worried that if  i do get started, i will be beating myself up for starting ...
 ... after procrastinating for 2 or 3 hrs of getting psyched to start, I will also next be in need for a lie down to recover and try get my energy back for the next phase of this ... :(
  6. @gunjantripathi7579: She is just explaining one thing. Not true I procrastinate because I think I can do it in last minute. Now that doesn't align with her whole stress thing because I procrastinate because I am too relaxed what about this? But when I am in the zone I am locked in and I am procrastinating right now as well I have final exam for physics and psychology tomorrow morning at 8 AM and 11 AM and It's 12:30 AM, I still think I can do it by pulling an overnight and I will do it somehow as well. So what now?
  7. @SaraJungPsychology: Mel really said "count backwards from 5" and now I have no excuses. Betrayed.
  8. @huntercolz: Procrastination ko itna simple way me explain kiya 🔥 just start for 5 minutes hits different
  9. @TrietDang-o6g: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  10. @TveshA.S: Reframing procrastination as a form of stress relief rather than a character flaw is a total perspective shift, the 5-second rule is such a practical way to just start
  11. @t.n.patronis4098: I thought procrastination was perfectionism. This is a better analysis.
  12. @jinicius: I’ll watch this video later
  13. @freyy77: watching this at 10pm without having anything done before😭😭😭
  14. @Kelly-h1x7q: I'm not in the 80% when I do for 5 mins I'm going to stop.
  15. @스윗프트: 감사합니다.
  16. @pitolove71: I've Procrastinated by wanting to watch this video, so that I can learn to STOP Procrastinating!!
We'll...
I've FINALLY gotten to this video & now I'm procrastinating wanting to STOP procrastinating!! 😂
  17. @justsomeone14: Failing my masters but mastering procrastination, i fckn hate myself...
  18. @YouandMirror: Wonderful ❤❤
  19. @lauralonati7048: My problem is all my paperwork at home my bills and no money so I get depressed to look at it! It’s a mess
  20. @Matthewmest: Hell of a long way to say just start

- Perfectionism + Procrastination: 3 Patterns and How to Interrupt Them: Kind: captions Language: en Hi there. Welcome. Today's video is all about procrastination and perfectionism, where these two intersect. We're going to talk about what it is, common patterns that happen for perfectionists when they're dealing with procrastination. And by the end of the video, my goal is for you to have greater self-awareness because that is intrinsically empowering, but also to have greater self-compassion for why you're doing this, why this might be happening for you, because that also leads to greater self-empowerment. And ultimately, my goal is for you to be able to identify if and when these patterns are happening for you and be able to interrupt them in the moment. So stick around until the end because I'm going to teach you a really simple process that is also really powerful interrupting these patterns in a kind and meaningful way. We'll also talk a bit about what deeper work on these patterns might look like and be like for you. So it's going to be juicy. I'm really excited to dive in and let's do it. Okay. So procrastination, the main way that I think about procrastination is let's say you've been given a task, an assignment. Maybe you gave yourself the task or assignment because you work for yourself. Or maybe you're getting something ready for a certification or some new level of schooling that you plan to do. When procrastination is present, two main things are happening. Either one of them or both. and that is that we are spending more time than we really need to on the task or we're spending more energy than we really need to on the task. And so sometimes that might mean as we spend more time, it's that we're we're stealing time from other areas of our life to work on this thing, right? That's that's beyond what's really appropriate. Sometimes taking more time on the task actually means we don't meet the deadline, right? It gets pushed out further and further and further and further. When we're spending more energy on the task than is really appropriate, that once again might mean that we're taking energy from other areas of our life where we need it and putting it towards this in a way that isn't really appropriate for this task, for this time in our life. It could also mean that we spend so much energy on it that by the time it's done, we are like a hollow shell of ourselves. We're burnt out. We're stressed. We have to lay in bed for a week, a month, whatever it might be. This is this is a common pattern. So, there's got to be a better way, right? Like, it shouldn't have to be like this. And I agree. let's let's think of an example. I want to talk about how things might naturally flow if you were neutral. If you weren't running this procrastination deal, let's say your boss or manager or co-orker gives you an assignment, right? They need you to do this this big report or this big writing piece and you're excited to do it. It's a great opportunity and you also feel like okay this is my chance right or maybe it's that it's something you gave to yourself. You assigned it to yourself because you work for yourself and you're like okay this is my chance to shine to really show show my skills my insights with the world and if things were neutral if procrastination and perfectionism wasn't in the mix it would probably look like understanding the task. So the beginning is understanding the task. The middle would be performing the activities that you need to do to complete that task. Writing, researching, editing, and then there's the end where you do the final touches and you turn it in or you share it with the world. Right? But when procrastination and perfectionism come into the party, there are three main patterns that I've witnessed that happen here and they actually follow that beginning, middle, end sequence. So in the beginning, this pattern is what I call the preparer where we get stuck in preparation mode. And it might be that we get stuck once again that it delays us so much that we actually don't miss that we don't get to the deadline. We don't meet the deadline. Or it might just be that it it takes extra time from other things in our lives. Right? But we're [sighs] the psychology behind the preparer is that we want to do everything we can in our power to do this task well. And the plan is if we can get everything ready in the beginning before we even start that's going to set us up for the most success. So we need to optimize our understanding of the task and all the resources and tools that we have available to us. We also need to optimize potentially every other part of our lives. Our sleep routine, our writing schedule, our writing music, our diet to optimize our brain function, our supplement. Like it could we could spend so much time just trying to get ready to do the thing because we think that that's that will somehow give us the perfect outcome that we desperately feel we need. So preparation the middle. Sometimes you do the first part and you do the second part. Sometimes you just do one of these. But in the middle there you are mid task, right? You've been working on it. You've got a draft. You're engaging with the material, engaging with the research. You're kind of deep deep in it. It's more alive. It's more multi-dimensional now. And the thing that happens here is what I call the swirler where we start to swirl. And the main psychology behind this phase is self-doubt. We are doubting ourselves, secondguessing ourselves. We're checking, re-checking, checking again. How about one more time? And we are doubting our ability to do this well and and if what we've even created is even worthwhile. Maybe we even scrap it. Go back to the drawing board. Right? There can be this kind of chaotic volatility to this swirling where it's like we just I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe and and maybe we're doing extra research, extra activity. And then towards the end there's another pattern that can come in that I call the the holding or holder when you become a holder. And this is where maybe the task is like 90 99% done and it's pretty close to being ready to turn in or it actually is ready. You just it's just oh don't share it. Don't share it yet. And there's this tweaking that happens and maybe you are doing that. checking, re-checking at this phase two. But the psychology here is I just don't know if it's ready. I just don't know if it's perfect. I think that it just needs a little bit more time. And maybe you've even held it at that 90% done because doing the final touches on it somehow makes it feel more real and makes you confront that ah but is it up to my expectations or my projected expectations that others have for me and this task. So it's this this holding now. Okay. So we we talked about right the prepare the swirler and the holder. Now, I realize as I've talked about all this, there's a bigger picture procrastination pattern of simply not doing the thing that you're cuz everything I described is that you're still interacting with the task at hand. But there's another version of procrastination where you're doing everything else, right? And that's kind of what the preparer addresses, which is, oh, well, I have to clean my space if I'm going to write a great article, essay, novel, whatever it is. um and I have to do the laundry and I have to um write all those thank you cards that I just haven't gotten to. So sometimes procrastination looks like not engaging with the task, right? And convincing ourselves that doing things outside of the task are what's most needed for it. And when perfectionism is part of your procrastination, usually the impetus behind it is that I need to do this well. I need to do it perfectly and so I can justify doing all these other things, optimizing all these other things because it will help me do it perfectly because that is the goal. So comment below if any of that resonates, if you identify as a preparer, a swirler, a holder, or maybe some other flavor of what you do. And then what I'd like you to do is take a moment to check in with yourself. Okay? So we're going to check in kind of with the system. And when I say system, I mean your body. So your physical body, your breath, your thoughts. So like, is your mind busy? Is it quiet? And your feelings. If there's any emotions coming up for you. So just take a beat. Take a few breaths. You can close your eyes here. I'm going to just notice how you feel especially after thinking about these patterns. It's a really powerful opportunity anytime we dig into deeper insights, deeper awareness of a pattern in our life to check in with ourselves because just thinking about all that, I'm sure it lit up different parts of your system because it it it resonated in certain ways or it reminded you of certain things. And so what I want to talk about now is what the deeper feeling is behind all of that. And you might have already picked this up, but a through line through all of that, the preparer, the swirler, the holder, and even the let's just do everything else part, there's an incredible amount of fear. Did you did you notice that? Did you feel that? It's this fear that if I don't do it perfectly, if it's not perfect, then something bad is going to happen. Now, that something bad is going to happen could be a myriad of things. And this is where it connects more with each of us in our personal upbringings and associations and beliefs about life, about ourselves, about life, about what's possible for us. But but there's this deep feeling like something bad could happen. Whether that's a loss of love, a loss of security, a loss of feeling like we have something valuable to provide, feeling like we can contribute, a loss of sense of self-worth, purpose, right? It can feel like if it's not perfect, it's going to threaten something that is not okay to be threatened. I need that to be secure. There's this way that perfectionism tells us that if you do all this work to make it perfect, that is somehow going to insulate you and protect you from the pain of being vulnerable and exposed and potentially criticized, judged, all of that. And that's a really tender thing to realize is that this perfectionism pattern and the is actually trying to protect you. It's trying to protect you from something that feels really scary. So this leads us to there's the self-compassion, right? Like oh my gosh, it's trying to help. But this leads us to what I'd like to invite you to do if and when you notice any of these patterns coming up for you. This process is a really powerful way to interrupt the pattern in the moment. And sometimes I just want to name this at the top of this is sometimes interrupting it in the moment is the most powerful choice we can make. And that is where a lot of the work happens because those incremental little case by case, moment by moment shifts and repatterning can create whole new landscapes in your being and in how you move throughout life. And sometimes we also need deeper work and deeper support to address the deeper roots of a pattern. And that's where things like deeper coaching or therapy or EFT tapping or other type of work EMDR can help address the deeper root. But this still this in the- moment pattern pattern interrupt and recalibration is key. So let's talk about what that looks like. Okay. So I'm going to talk about like the most basic and then we're going to layer on some more nuanced approaches. Okay. So, three steps, maybe four. Okay, so step number one, awareness. You realize the patterns happening. Maybe it's cuz you're aware of your body. Maybe you have some background in sematics or you've been watching these videos and you know how to like sensation track, but you notice something's off, right? You can feel yourself doing that pattern. Number two, you name what the pattern is. You identify it. So you you can put words to it. And this is really powerful because it helps to differentiate between you and the pattern versus you being the same as it versus you being blended with it. Right? So you're aware of it and you're like, I am aware that I'm doing the swirling pattern. There's some swirling happening right now. Then three, take three deep breaths. These could look any way you like. Ideally, I would really encourage you to do my favorite type of breath, which is a physiological sigh. So that I'll demonstrate that for you here. And if this type of breath doesn't resonate for you though, you can do any kind of breath that feels good to you. So a physiological size where you take a deep inhale and then you sip a little bit more air and then you do a slow exhale. I like to do the inhale through my nose and the exhale out of my mouth. Okay? So it looks like this. Just one is amazing, but doing three of these in a row can totally shift the state of mind, the state of being that you're in. So that is the basic application of this, right? You're aware of it. You identify it. You take three breaths. And the three breaths is to shift your nervous system state so that you can connect more with more of your brain, more of your resources are online. And you're also letting your nervous system know, hey, we're okay. We're safe right now. And then you can engage based on what's really important to you. You can engage with what's appropriate to do next. Now, if we want to layer on to this, you still want to do steps one and two, awareness, identification, but with step three with those breaths. The other things you can do to make that that moment even more potent is to change where you are in your space. So, you could stand up if you've been seated. You can even stand up, walk outside, and do those breaths outside and then come back to your desk to wherever you were. Now, the fourth step, if I were to add one, is to do a little bit of tapping. This is so powerful because breath is powerful, but tapping has been scientifically proven to reduce cortisol in our system. So, this is a really powerful way to re rewire what we associate with danger and fear and what we associate with peace. So, in that moment where your system's feeling scared about doing the thing and what if I do it wrong and what if it's not perfect, you can soo yourself with tapping. So, still take those breaths, but then you can just tap on one or two points or all of them. And if you need to know more about tapping, I'll link the how to tap video that I made in the description below. But just tap on a few points and you can just calm yourself down by breathing or you can say some phrases that you find helpful. This is where whatever thoughts or psychological kind of framing or reframing that resonates for you is what I recommend. So some things that I found helpful are it's okay for me to learn as I go and mistakes are part of success. Failure is part of success. I also like affirming that my worth is so much bigger than how I do on this assignment. I also really like to remember that I'm only I'm I'm going to get better by doing the thing from start to finish again and again and again. That's how I'm going to get better at this. And it's okay to not be perfect. So basic, right? It's okay to not be perfect. So, whatever helpful phrases you find you want to anchor to, and maybe it's even like I love I choose statements. So, like I choose to be kind to myself. I choose to move forward with this task. I choose to relax and take steps. So, whatever that looks like for you can do a little tapping that can add even more juice to this. Now, if this feels like a pattern that has deep roots for you and is really chronic, really tenacious, I would really recommend bringing this pattern to some type of deeper work that you're doing. So that might be with an EFT coach like me. That might be with a therapist, sematics, otherwise might be in an EMDR session. But bringing this pattern, this awareness that you've cultivated through this video and other things, bring that to the deeper work because addressing the deeper roots then makes these little adjustments that we're doing with this pattern interrupt, awareness, identification, breaths, it makes that that much easier, right? It's like you're just you're just walking down a path that you've really carved out through the woods and then you're just walking down it on a regular basis, making it an established path for your brain and your nervous system to go down when you have some task to work on. So, this was so juicy. I really hope this was helpful. If it was, you can share this with somebody else you think might benefit. And a like, a subscribe, all very good. that will just help more people to find this content. And I'm Michaela. This is Coaching with Michaela. Thank you so much. More soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @healingsgr8 [1 likes]: I identify with all of those patterns. I never really thought of myself as a perfectionist, but gosh, maybe I am. Thanks for the wisdom about this.
  2. @ursulaschaefer1747: Hi! Got your newsletter today and showed up here 🙂 good to see you and appreciate your insights and recommendations

- Interrupt Limiting Patterns: How to Smash Self-Doubt, Fear, and Procrastination: Kind: captions Language: en Cognitive dissonance and emotional charge is belief formation. And no, that doesn't sound like some academic mumbo jumbo. This is real world kick you in the ass truth. Let's start by breaking it down like a 5-year-old needs to hear it. Ready? The brain doesn't care about truth. It only cares about what's familiar and feels good. That's your first truth bomb right there. The brain's main job isn't to tell you what's true. It's to keep you alive and make life easier. And it does this by taking shortcuts. So the brain prefers what's familiar, even if that's the same old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's holding you back. Let's take a belief. It could be something like, "I'm not good enough." Guess what? Your brain, it's heard that enough times. It just automatically believes it. It doesn't matter if it's true or not. It's stuck in there. Just like a bad song that keeps playing in your head. The brain needs a little shakeup, also known as cognitive dissonance. But if you want to change that belief, you need to create the cognitive dissonance. It's just a fancy word of saying you make your brain a little uncomfortable. This is where the magic happens. Here's an example. Imagine you've always believed that rich people are greedy. It's a boring limiting belief. Now you see a billionaire who actually gives away a massive chunk of their wealth to charity. You're suddenly confronted with two opposing ideas. One, the rich people are greedy. And two, this person is the opposite. Boom. Cognitive dissonance. Your brain is now scrambling to reconcile these two conflicting ideas. And guess what? That opens the door for you to change that belief. But you don't just leave it there. You've got to give the brain something better to latch on to. Step one, create confusion. Opening the gate. Here is where we drop the confusion bomb. It's like cracking open the lock on a treasure chest and inviting someone in. Your brain doesn't like confusion. It feels uneasy. That's exactly the point. So, let's take that rich people are greedy belief. You hit them with something unexpected, something that shakes up their certainty. Maybe you say, "But did you know that many wealthy people donate more than half of their wealth to charity?" That's more than most people make in a year. Right there, boom. You created a gap in their thinking. It's uncomfortable. They thought they knew the truth. But now something's making them question it. Confusion opens the gate. It's like planting a little seed of doubt that grows into curiosity. The brain is now vulnerable to change. Next, offer a better feeling frame that gives direction. Confusion isn't enough. You've got to offer something better, something that makes the new idea feel good. The frame is how you reframe the situation in a way that feels better to the person. This is where you change the context, making the new belief feel like the obvious impart choice. So, after you've dropped That little rich people are greedy bomb. You offer the new frame. You know, I used to think rich people were greedy, too. What if we started seeing them as people who have the means to make big changes? Maybe, just maybe, have that kind of wealth means you can do more good in the world. Now they're starting to feel something different. Hope, empowerment, possibility. The frame is that new better belief that doesn't feel restrictive. It feels expansive. Now the brain has something to hold on to. Something that feels like the next natural step. Next, anchor it emotionally so it sticks. Now you've confused them. You've shifted the frame. But guess what? That's still not enough. You need to anchor this new belief to a powerful emotion so it sticks. You need to make it personal. Let's go back to the rich people or After you've introduced the idea of wealth as a tool for change, you anchor it emotionally by asking, can you imagine a world where wealthy individuals were seen as heroes? People who fund education, save lives, and fund research to fight disease. Can you see that? Now, as they visualize that, get them to feel it. feel the empowerment, the inspiration, maybe even get them to tap their fingers together while they're talking about it. So, every time they think about this new belief, it's anchored to that feeling of hope. When they connect that belief with emotion, it becomes sticky. And guess what? That belief is now theirs. Not because it's true or false, because it feels good and it's anchored in their emotional experience. The science of why this works. Let's break it down. Cognitive dissonance is the tension your brain feels when it holds conflicting beliefs. The brain doesn't like tension, so it works to resolve it. This discomfort is what opens the gateway for a new belief to take root. Then the better feeling frame is important because emotions they're stored in the brain as patterns. When you introduce a new belief, you attach it to a positive emotion which makes the new belief feel familiar and comfortable. The brain remembers how it feels and it wants more of it. That's why it sticks. Anchoring is crucial because it turns that new belief into an automatic response by attaching it to an emotional trigger. The new belief can be accessed on command. That's when it becomes a part of you unconsciously. Why you're stuck with limiting beliefs. Most of the time we get stuck in limiting beliefs because we don't have the tools to interrupt them. The rain simply takes the familiar path even if it's painful or run through. The secret is interrupting that pattern by creating confusion. Once you disrupt the pattern, you can introduce something better and then anchor it. Think about all the times you played small. Maybe you've been stuck in self-doubt or you've convinced yourself you're not good enough. Those are limiting beliefs. The reasons they're there is because they're familiar, not because they're true. So, what do you do with that knowledge? How do you apply this? First, start interrupting your own patterns. Don't just accept those shitty beliefs that hold you back. Create cognitive dissonance in your own head. Look for evidence that challenges your limiting beliefs. Then reframe the situation. Ask yourself. What if this belief isn't true? What's a better way to look at this? Give your brain a new frame to latch on to. Most importantly, anchor the new belief emotionally. When you can link that belief to positive feelings, freedom, joy, confidence, it's unstoppable. The patterns that keep you stuck. You know the ones. Procrastination, fear of rejection, self-doubt, and playing small. These are the big ones. They drain you. They suppress your potential. They need to be broken and fast. You've got to disrupt them. Interrupt the pattern. When you feel yourself sliding into procrastination, for example, ask why am I doing this? Is this belief even true? Create confusion in that moment. Challenge it. Then reframe it and anchor it to a better feeling. How do you pace and lead this knowledge? Pacing and leading is about meeting people where they are. Then guiding them towards change. Pace their beliefs, emotions, and current state. Show them you understand them. Then lead them to new perspectives. You want their beliefs, their identities, and their outcomes to be linked to what you're offering them. So, use what you've learned, create confusion in their patterns, offer a new frame, and anchor that shift with emotion. You're not just changing their mind, you're changing their whole world. If you truly want to transform your life, it's not about looking for the perfect beliefs. It's about interrupting the ones that are holding you back, offering better feeling beliefs, and anchoring them so deep they become second nature. No more excuses. It's time to wake the hell up. Make your mind work for you, not against you.

- The Pattern You're Running Is Destroying Your Identity: Kind: captions Language: en You're not lazy. If you were lazy, you wouldn't feel this much guilt. Lazy people don't open productivity videos. They don't replay plans in their head at night. They don't feel that quiet frustration when the day slips again. What you're experiencing isn't laziness. It's automation. Your brain has been trained into the wrong sequence. Right now, your days run on default automation. A cue appears. Micro discomfort hits. Your brain routes you toward the fastest relief available. Scroll. Snack, delay, switch tabs. Start in a minute. Each time you choose relief over effort, something subtle happens. Your brain updates its wiring. It learns that discomfort equals escape. Not because you're weak, but because the nervous system is efficient. It repeats what reduces tension fastest. Do that enough times and you don't decide to procrastinate anymore. You execute it automatically. Here's the part no one tells you. Every avoided action slightly erodess selfrust. Not dramatically. Not in one day. Quietly. You promise yourself you'll start. You negotiate. You delay. Your brain logs the outcome. Eventually, it stops believing you. That's when motivation drops. Why generate energy for someone who doesn't follow through? That's the real cost, not the missed workout, not the unfinished project. The shrinking belief that you can rely on yourself. 6 months of that loop doesn't look explosive. It looks subtle. Fewer risks taken. Smaller goals set. More mental justification. Options narrow. Not because you're incapable, but because your identity adapted downward to match your behavior. Identity always protects consistency. This isn't about trying harder. It's about interrupting the sequence. Right now, your brain believes relief comes first and effort comes later. You need to reverse that order once decisively without negotiation. Here's the lever. Pick one task you've been delaying. Stand up. Walk into a different room. Set a 7-minute timer and begin before you feel ready. Not to finish, just to break the automation. When the timer ends, you're allowed to stop, but you must complete the full 7 minutes. That's the reset.

- The 5-Second Mind Trick to Stop Procrastination in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you there's this tiny little psychological trick that can completely break years of procrastination? And no, it's not about building new habits or, you know, buying some fancy planner. It's about one simple action you can take the moment you feel that hesitation setting in. Seriously, just think about it. Imagine what you could actually get done if you could finally stop delaying and just start. Well, that's exactly the promise of what we're about to get into today. We're going to break down the technique to make that a reality for you. The key to unlocking all of this, I mean, the secret to literally overriding your brain's default programming, it all comes down to one single really powerful number. Yep, that's it. Just 5 seconds. That is the entire window of opportunity you have between having an idea and your brain completely shutting it down. Acting inside that window, well, that can change your behavior and honestly, it can change your entire life. Okay, so let's dive into this. First, we have to understand why we even procrastinate in the first place. And here's a spoiler. It's not because you're lazy. It's actually because of how your brain is wired. See, your brain's main job isn't about helping you grow or achieve big things. Its number one mission is survival. So, it's constantly scanning for anything that feels even a little uncomfortable or uncertain or difficult. And its default response is to protect you by making you avoid it. Think about it, right? Tasks like these, they all involve some degree of effort or discomfort. The second you think about doing them, your brain senses that discomfort and sounds this tiny little internal alarm that basically screams, "Nope, back away." So, the crucial point here is this. Procrastination isn't some flaw in your character. It is a deeply ingrained, totally automatic survival pattern. Your brain is just doing its job trying to keep you tucked away in your comfort zone. Now, this is where it gets really fascinating because it turns out there's this critical super brief moment when you have an impulse to act on a goal. And everything, literally everything, depends on what you do in that tiny slice of time. So, check this out. This slide shows the contrast perfectly. In those first 5 seconds, your preffrontal cortex, that's the part of your brain used for planning and, you know, making good decisions, it's in the driver's seat. But if you wait any longer than 5 seconds, your brain flips a switch back to survival mode and poof, the impulse is gone. That hesitation, that moment you pick up your phone to scroll instead of opening your textbook, that is your 5-second window slamming shut. Your brain has successfully protected you from the discomfort, which means it's keeping you right where you are, stuck. All right, let's get to the solution. Let's see how this all builds into a simple, incredibly powerful tool you can use the instant you feel that hesitation creeping in. Okay, the trick itself is ridiculously simple. The next time you have an impulse to do something productive, you immediately, and I mean immediately, start counting down out loud is best. 5 4 3 2 1. And the second you hit 1, you must physically move. Stand up, walk to your desk, put on your running shoes. Any physical movement will do the job. And this just nails the core principle, right? The countdown basically distracts your brain long enough to stop it from making excuses and then that physical action completely shatters the state of just sitting there hesitating. This right here is the key takeaway. The moment your body is in motion, your brain has to switch gears. It goes from fear and avoidance to focus and getting things done. The battle is literally won the moment you move. So why does something so simple work so incredibly well? Well, there's some really powerful psychology at play here. When you start counting backwards, you're basically creating what's called a pattern interrupt. You're manually shifting the gears in your brain. You're breaking that old habit loop of thinking, then feeling anxious, and then avoiding. [snorts] It just shortcircuits the whole excuse-m machine. This technique is actually a form of what psychologists call behavior activation. See, we almost always wait to feel motivated before we act. But this principle totally flips that script. You use action to generate motivation. Your body starts moving and your mind and your emotions have no choice but to follow. And look, this isn't just about getting the laundry done or starting a homework assignment. This is about rewriting your entire future 5 seconds at a time. Just think about how powerful that is. That one simple decision to stand up in that tiny 5-second window can be the difference between a totally wasted afternoon and a deeply productive one. your whole future, who you become, the goals you actually achieve, it's all built on a long chain of these tiny 5-second decisions. Every time you count down and move, you're casting a vote for a more disciplined, more active, and more accomplished version of yourself. So, the next time that idea pops into your head to study, to work out, to create something, remember, you've got 5 seconds. The impulse is here. The choice is yours. What happens next? Well, that's up to you.

- What are Pattern Interrupts?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to Pinnacle performance company's Fishbowl Friday with Pinnacle co-founder and coo G Riley Mills and master instructor and editorial director Brad Lawrence it's Fishbowl Fridays with Pinnacle performance company you've been waiting all week for this Gary how does this work yeah for those of you who have not joined us for one of these we got a fishbowl here with a bunch of questions in it all around collabor a and communication we're going to draw one we're going to talk about it maybe offer up some insights some tools and then send you off into your weekend want to draw do I get to draw this week all you you can draw anytime you want you don't have to ask for permiss thank you thank oh oh that's a long one you mentioned pattern interrupts in a previous episode could you talk more about them okay so just defining pattern interrupt so pattern interrupts something we talk about and teach in the Pinnacle TR training and coaching sessions that we do basically a pattern interrupt is another word for it would be change up it's something you can do to switch gears to surprise your audience to keep them engaged with you something just like it says in the in the name it's breaking up the pattern so if you're doing a presentation and it's just you talking for an hour one way that's not going to keep an audience's attention so you want to break it up with some what we call pattern interrupts what are some of your favorites well I'll get to that in a bit but it's all about managing attention spans right I what is the what is the stat now I feel like they're always doing studies on yeah it depends on if you're looking at a screen or doing an activity but generally for a presentation or a speech or a sermon in church five minutes is about how long you can engage people they can pay attention before they start to get Restless or distracted so you got to at least every five minutes switch it up surprise them do and how many five minute meetings do you yeah right and that's in person and I I don't have any science on this but I would be shocked if that number is not smaller yeah when you're virtual oh it's got to be smaller I don't think there's any studies yet but I know Gloria Mark she writes about attention spans and when you're switching between screens and it's around two minutes wow you know it's we're just constantly switching back and forth so pattern interrupts are meant to refresh that clock to start that over again yes yeah some some examples the one that I default to all the time because I think you can always come up with a reason to do it is ask questions you can always come up with a reason to ask somebody in the audience and and I would I try not to make the questions I ask General I try to be specific about who I'm going to and I try to spread it around so people never know oh when's he coming to me at some point he is so I got to stay I got to stay yeah that's a good one keeps the room alive if I if I ask Ben a question Darla over here knows I might ask her next so she's going to stay on on top of things she's going to stay attentive so asking questions great one switching speakers so I start it out I kick it off to Brad different energy different voice in the room that's a way to break up a break up a storytelling which which we got to do an episode on at some point yeah I hope there's a question in here about that but stories are great and they can take a lot of different forms they can be short they can be long polling so that's another one of my favorite ones is polling you can do this online your virtual meetings or in person where just say all right I'm ask a question raise your hand if you think this is the answer okay raise your hand if you disagree and you think this is the answer and that way everybody's engaged I want to know did I did I get the right answer was I correct oh wow I was wrong I was in the minority that can be a fun way what's another pattern interrupt that we didn't hit yet fun facts or interesting data points right so much of I think what drives meetings and professional interactions nowadays is is data financials things like that but if you've got numbers that really pop or stand out they can function as a pattern interrupt any kind of physical activity so just writing something down having them write this down that's a one just some sort of physical if you can have them stand up and try put you know put an exercise into their body you know try this thing you're talking about that can be fun jokes humor jokes humor those are all good you talk storytelling which is a great way to break things up everybody loves loves a good story there's a lot contained in what we just said and they all have different variations and subcategories and things like that most of them do anyway something in there is going to work for you there's there's no excuse not to at least once every 5 minutes do one of those things yeah so weave those into your meetings and your presentations online or in person it just keeps it moving and keeps it flowing it keeps your audience surprised on the edge of their seat like a good movie like a good TV show like a good book pattern interrupts try those out if you don't use them that is your Fishbowl Friday tip for this week exciting have a great weekend everybody see you next time if you'd like to submit a question for the Fishbowl drop us an email at Fishbowl pin.com if you'd like to learn more about Pinnacle performance company email us at info@ pin.com don't forget to subscribe follow and tell your friends see you next week [Music]

- Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] pattern interrupt you remember pattern interrupt Jenny and this is in universal to you all this is a one-off and you know what it may as well be in the budget compartment is because it's a beautiful way to not give the quote and you've seen this in class I'd be happy to yeah so and you have to sell it and what it here's what it means is that it you know my wife has dachshunds Ginny and she says they're always talking but they talk in conversation bubbles right so here's what it sent Jeannie asked me for a quote and I'll apply this and notice I have to sell it I have to be convincing but ask me for a quote but suppose we're on the phone you're the prospect I'm you you asked for a quote and I'll respond hey benno I'm just calling to to get a quote from you on for our high school Jeannie thanks for calling really appreciate that happy to quote you on this listen can I ask you a couple questions sure guess what just happened how do not I didn't provide what he didn't give me any not did not and you have to sell it yeah you must sound as though you're joyous about providing a quote right yes so Jenny your key here is is what will those questions be that you get track subtraction from very quickly

  Top Comments:
  1. @tski007 [1 likes]: I didn’t get it

- Sales: Pattern Interrupt - What Were We Talking About?: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, my name is Alan Gordon and welcome to another video. Hey, um I want to talk to you really quickly about a sales technique. Uh it's really a communication technique. It's called the pattern interrupt. And here's a scenario. Okay, my wife and I are sitting down at a restaurant. We're looking forward to enjoying our meal and we're talking about our day and you know, my wife and I were probably talking about our kids and what they're up to. Then the waitress comes over and takes our drink order and asks us if we want any appetizers. After the waitress leaves, I look back at my wife and say, "What were we talking about?" Well, of course, she doesn't remember either, so we start the conversation from a new point. We were thinking and talking about something. Then the waitress interrupted our train of thought. That is what's called a pattern interrupt. Hypnotists and magicians use this technique to distract you from what you were thinking about and then they draw your attention to something new, something that they want you to think about. You can use this technique when your customer is not being talkative or he's not being cooperative or the [clears throat] conversation, for whatever reason, is tracking in a negative direction. the conversation's not going the way you want it to go. Well, on the phone, creating a pattern pattern interrupt is really easy. Here's how you do it. You're talking on the phone and you say, "Oh, wow. Hey, uh, I hear my name being paged. Can you hold on for one second? Thanks." Or, "Oh, uh, Mr. Customer, my wife is trying to reach me on my cell. Can you just hold for one second? I'm going to tell her I'm going to call her right back. Thanks." Or, "Oh, Mr. Customer, someone just walked up to my desk. Can you hold for one second and I'm I'll be right back with you. Thanks very much. Now, after a few seconds, you get back on the phone and because of the concept of the pattern interrupt, you can start a brand new conversation about anything. You're free to completely change the topic of the call and and most importantly, and the reason I say this is a great technique is it changes the chemistry completely. You get back on the phone and say, "Hey, did you see the end of that Cowboys game last night? Uh, can you believe that call? That was crazy. Or hey, you know, I never did ask you what does your company do? Tell me more about what you guys do. Or um hey, I forgot what we were talking about, but you you were saying something about a problem that you were having. Or hey, uh Mr. Customer, I never did ask you did Bob leave the company or did he just take another position within the company? Or totally different topic, hey, I just read an article about the the government is issuing this new regulation. Is that going to impact your company? The really cool thing about pattern interrupts is you can come back and you really can talk about anything. You can ask a relationship question, a needs development question, you can tell a joke. You can say anything you want. You can get back on track but in a more positive way. Anything you say to start fresh and create a positive tone in the conversation. When you're in person, uh it's a little bit more difficult to use the pattern interrupt. So, I mean, I'm sure you've all said, you know, uh I'm going into this meeting. I want you to call me in 5 minutes. And then you, oh yeah, I got to take this call. That's a pattern interrupt, but that's kind of a plan pattern. When the conversation's not going way you want it, when you're in person, you may need to ask for some water, ask to use the restroom, or receive an imaginary text or a phone call, which is very serious and will require just a second of your of my time. Hey, Mr. Customer, I'm sorry. What were we talking about? Hey, how about them Broncos? Great game last night, huh? Well, that's it. Uh I it's kind of a fun thing to do. It's really fun when you're in a sales room and and uh people hear me using a pattern interrupt or other people have picked it up from me. I love when other people use it cuz cuz I know they're thinking about it. That's it. Bigbookofales.com. Get the book. It's yours free. I've got this and thousands and thousands of other ideas that you can use immediately. Very specific uh examples as you can see. Again, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's it for now. Uh work really hard at your profession. I love being a salesman. I want you to love it, too. Work really hard and enjoy every minute that you're selling. Thanks,

  Top Comments:
  1. @skionen1781 [1 likes]: excellent stuff, i know this works because I'm reading a book call conversational hypnosis and it does talk about pattern interrupts it comes from the NLP world
  2. @vladimirmccann1846: I wonder if it's even necessary to give a reason for a telephone pattern interrupt. Couldn't you just say "oh, can you pardon me for a moment?" then put the phone down, move some things around to make noise, and then come back.
  3. @MarctheCarWasher: I don't like this technique.  The pattern interrupt encourages making up a fictitious story which is basically lying to the customer since your wife is not really calling or the dealership is not really paging you

- Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads for Restaurants: Kind: captions Language: en are you a restaurant owner and struggling to get your business attention on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram posts not getting the attention they deserve look it's harder than ever before to get people to click on your posts and ads so what is the solution well today I'd like to show you a breakthrough new type of 3D style pop-out ads that will explode your business's engagement likes and shares [Music] all right with these style of attention grabbing ads they will bring your restaurants post more clicks and leads than ever before because they are brand new and literally pop out of the screen people love to share these types of ads and sometimes they even go viral they have been proven to boost clicks on posts and ads imagine when your post comes alive and they see something bouncing out of their screen or you wrote a special seasonal offer like weekday discounts or a free bottle of wine with your meal and this will make it stand out from the rest if you need a little more information well why not get in touch today for a no obligation quote and see how these brand new 3D ads can help boost your business today

- The #1 Exercise To Rewire Your Brain | Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en If you're dealing with chronic illness, I have a tip for you. The number one exercise for your brain, in my opinion, is something called the pattern interrupt. It is the most simple thing, and I'll tell you in a moment how to do it, but I find it to be the most important brain retraining exercise that you can do. And here's why. The pattern interrupt is where you simply become conscious in the present moment of what you were just thinking and feeling and redirect to this present moment because the brain is a it's a meaning making machine. It's always thinking of the past and making associations or it's thinking about the future and predicting what might happen. The brain is rarely in the present moment unless you're conscious. And so brain retraining is literally about reeling the brain in to see what's happening here and now and to become aware of what your habitual unconscious state of being is. And so the number one thing you can do for chronic illness to start retraining your brain, many of you are probably hearing about that. Many of you probably do brain retraining is the pattern interrupt. Now my name is Dr. Kathleen King. I'm the founder and CEO of Primal Trust which is a online platform where we help people recover from all sorts of chronic illnesses using nervous system regulation and brain retraining. And so I've worked with thousands of people and I know what helps people heal. The pattern interrupt is one of the most profound simple tools we teach. And a lot of people just from doing this practice alone, and I'll go over again in just a minute how to do it exactly, a lot of people find that this made a huge change in their symptoms. Why is that? Well, a lot of you might not realize that a lot of your symptoms are actually coming from the lyic system of the brain. That's right. It's not from the Lyme disease directly or the mold or the chemical, although those things can be triggers. Over time, your own brain can reproduce the same symptoms that those original triggers did. It's a rehearsal. It's literally a memory of the symptom on replay. So when we do the pattern interrupt, we teach the brain to stop replaying the memory of the trigger and our symptoms can sometimes shift radically. Now here's the key. The brain because it works on a rehearsal basis, you have to rehearse the pattern interrupt many times a day. I have a lot of members in our community who find they're super successful when they do the pattern interrupt maybe 20 30 times a day. That means you'll just be sitting there driving and you take a moment to be like interrupt. What was I just thinking? What was I just feeling? What was I ruminating on? Okay, I was worrying about my symptoms again or I was wondering what was going to happen. What was coming home when I come home? And then you say, "Okay, be right here. What do I notice? Oh, I see this beautiful green tree or I'm hearing the sound of the birds. And you become very present. You interrupt the thought pattern. You interrupt the habitual biochemistry of the brain and you come into the present moment. And you do it again and again and again. It's kind of like training a puppy to walk with you. You have to kind of constantly tug the leash and train again and again and again. What's going to happen is your brain is going to learn that you don't want to be habitually thinking those same thoughts because you keep interrupting, interrupting, interrupting. And then you start to get a space in your lyic system to notice the present moment. And in the present moment, there's often actually less danger than there is when it's thinking about the past or worrying about the future. And if the present moment is less dangerous, then the lyic system is going to send signals to the hypothalamus that this moment, this 30 second break of being conscious is safer than what I was just thinking about. And if it's safer, the hypothalamus is going to send a different biochemistry down the chain all the way through the body. So little breaks of present moment pattern interrupt strung together over time shift your biochemistry out of the stress biochemistry that has been keeping you stuck. Now brain retraining can get pretty fancy. You can do all sorts of things, memory rehearsals, creative visualizations, other types of mental repatterning. And that's not really what I think is the most important thing when it comes to brain retraining. I think it's the habit of becoming conscious of what you are just thinking and feeling. Sometimes you become conscious of the fact that you're actually in a distraction mode all of the time. Whether that's scrolling or ruminating about your symptoms or um feeling blame or upset about that conversation or rehearsing what you wish you would have said in your head, you start to become conscious of the ways that you're you're actually avoiding yourself. You're avoiding being present. your brain actually is afraid to be in the present moment because you might feel something that it doesn't want to feel. You might become aware of something that you're you're actually trying to protect against. So that's a whole other can of worms that we can talk about and I briefly talked about that in the video that I made about asking yourself triggering questions. So for now the pattern interrupt process many times a day just take a note of what you've been thinking and feeling. Just notice it because you want to become aware of your habitual self. You want to become aware of the ways that you distract, the ways you're ruminating like, "Oh, I w I was just ruminating again about my symptoms in my stomach wondering what that meant." Interrupt. Be here now. What do I think? What do I or sorry, what am I feeling? What's my breath feel like? Just 30 seconds. And then you can continue on with what you're doing. But just bringing yourself back just like training that puppy, you know, bringing it back again and again. Pattern interrupt. Be here. What do you notice? Um, try that out. Try it out. uh make an attempt to do this just consistently throughout the day for 3 to 4 days and see what you notice about the difference in your body. How you might feel more grounded, how maybe there's a little more space in your um in your thinking and how maybe your stress chemistry is less. And um you might find that in that space of becoming more present, you start to notice more beauty. And even if you're suffering with chronic symptoms, there really is a lot of beauty in the present moment that we're completely missing because our brain is so stuck in the past or in the future. And um and I found for me when I started doing this, I started noticing the bumblebees or the color of the lavender and the plants that were next to me. I started finding fourleaf clovers. I started becoming um alive and and finding that my my life wasn't all about suffering. Just by simply creating space through the day in 30 second in increments and pattern interrupting my brain state. So that's my tip. The number one thing you can do for brain retraining is the pattern interrupt habit and be here and notice the present moment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @monicareu5881 [41 likes]: I am so grateful I came across your video  today. Such an amazing practice… Brought tears to my eyes to be connected to the beauty of life. I recently became aware of my addiction to pain and I am super determined to break this pattern. Thank you!
  2. @debbiebowes90 [8 likes]: I have been sick for the past 20 yrs with histamine intolerance and many different food intolerances. Doctors have been no help with a diagnoses or treatment. I stumbled onto your videos today looking into brain retraining. I am so glad I did. I love your energy. I feel I have found hope. Thank you
  3. @MightyMouse350 [4 likes]: try things like this:  look around to your right and find five things that are green. good. ok now look to your left and find five things that are brown.
-  when sitting look behind you to the right, and as you slowly bring your head round to the front look at things out your peripheral vision and name six things you see as you go eg candles, painting, wine glasses, light switch. now look back to your left and do the same thing.  these are good examples of pattern interrupting. they are also things you can do when you are anxious. 😊
  4. @existential_nomad [3 likes]: This is good news for a cortizol junkie like me.
  5. @peterkoopman4668 [3 likes]: You're presence is beautiful! Thank you for sharing your light! 🙏
  6. @deelicious1610 [1 likes]: Symptoms are in the present moment up front and center.
  7. @nebraskagirl4130: Also and you can’t avoid the trigger because you live with someone that is constantly using scented stuff like lotions perfumes and laundry detergent
  8. @nebraskagirl4130: How does it help when you have Mcas and like a smell or scent triggers nausea and anxiety and other symptoms and it’s uncomfortable all at once
  9. @bugerang: i’m so thankful for this; i used to unknowingly play around with these states of consciousness around the time i was in college. it’s nice to put fill in the words around this concept.
  10. @rumiocean6104: I have a question.  so what if you are having debilitating symptoms does this work for that as well?
  11. @sassyfrassy3: I can't sleep sometimes from overthinking. How can I do this after dark, please?
  12. @blue-ghost-rider: Will try this
  13. @nl212ep: You can use this for anxiety too. ❤
  14. @RochelleYarrall: In that moment if your feeling symptoms or flare up,that is your present moment,do you just focus on something positive around you instead?
  15. @monami1299: I love this explanation..thank u so much ❤❤❤❤
  16. @annettekurlemann353: I am struggling with insomnia 
And when I do sleep well  I feel so good 
And can function great 
And I’m so happy 
But I start thinking   It oh    What if I cannot sleep tonight ??? And then I don’t sleep that night 
I really need help    I think this could help
  17. @christopherebhabha: This is my last video on 8/31/2025…at 12 midnight after spending all day watching videos, tapping and all others. Glad it is ending like this. Yes the patterns curl like a reptile around a will; I just practiced a little bit and I see the space opening up, will do more on 9/1…thank you insightful content and teacher❤❤❤
  18. @zfarsh7904: Thank you
  19. @imunchienandalusia: Dr Cat looks so pretty here.   I have such difficulty being in the moment, my mind always wants to be distracted.   This is a slow process for me, even thought i've known "this is just your nervous system' intellectually for a couple of years now.
  20. @idonothavetime: Are you really a doctor? of what?

- The Pattern Interrupt Technique - NLP Technique to Change Habits, Behaviours and Emotions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] due to the relaxing nature of this hypnosis program do not drive operate heavy machinery or engage in any activity that requires conscious thinking while listening to it most of your patterns whether they be habitual emotional or behavioral began with a foundation in childhood in the first years of development children's brains are creating 1 million memory networks or neural connections per second many habits are so deeply rooted within the physical brain that it can be very challenging to change those patterns from a conscious level of the mind neuroplasticity is the brain's ability to develop and create new connections well a child is in development neuroplasticity is heightened neuroplasticity reduces with age this is what makes making change so challenging often times people try to make change with the best intentions from a conscious level but all of that old wiring exists within the subconscious level of the mind so how can we get our brains working for us instead of against us hypnosis and NLP affect brainwave activity levels and these brainwave activity levels influence neuroplasticity this enables you to make change at a very deep level of the mind working with those patterns processes and programs that are keeping you stuck pattern interrupt is an NLP process that allows us to interrupt old patterns of habit emotion or behavior and align the thinking to something new often times patterns are told internally through our inner dialogue in the stories that we tell ourselves we continue to repeat an old story over and over again and receive a similar outcome pattern interrupt techniques introduced new information to the brain allowing it to develop new connections new methods of thinking and new awareness as to what is possible if we turn to movies as an example you can imagine your favorite hero in the middle of a movie there's a challenge that lies before them oftentimes the hero doubts their ability somehow they're able to move through their doubts they don't give up and they don't shy away from the challenge for that would make for a very boring movie instead they connect with courage or strength or some in a resource that enables them to overcome the challenge and to become victorious oftentimes we see a TV series where the hero's life hangs in balance only to be told that it is to be continued we relate to the heroic journey and struggle and at the end of the movie when the hero is triumphant were fully connected to the potent power of their strength their ability to overcome adversity and to succeed against all odds what if just like a hero in a movie you could learn to step into your power what if you could learn how to interrupt those old patterns and programs that are keeping you stuck what if you could rewrite your life script in a new way in today's exercise you're going to have the opportunity to experience a pattern interrupt technique to change your internal state and the outcome of your movie the steps of this technique are first to cultivate mindfulness to recognize a pattern that is present that needs interrupter a thought an emotion a feeling or perception that you'd like to change the next step is being mindful and aware of the inner movie in the inner story that is playing out the next step is to come up with a resource that will enable you to change your state of being and the third step is to practice interrupting the internal movie with the new resource and creating and developing a new outcome as a result I recommend practicing this technique as the more that you use it the more effective it will become do not listen to this program while driving operating heavy machinery or engaging in any activity that requires conscious thinking so if you so choose and you'd like to participate in this exercise you can find a place where you can relax and let go for these next few moments get your body in the most comfortable position for you and whenever you're ready go ahead and close your eyes begin to breathe slowly and deeply begin to notice your body's rhythm noticing the beat of your heart noticing the rhythm of your breath and just allowing every breath that you take and every beat of your heart to take you deeper and deeper into relaxation relax your eye lifts to the point where they just won't work that point where they're so heavy comfortable and tired that it simply feels as though would be impossible for you to open them and allow that feeling of relaxation to flow through every part of you from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes you can picture yourself in a calm place relaxing place wherever that place is it's your calm place and as you picture and think about what that place is like what it looks like and sounds like it feels like you can allow yourself to relax even more just continue to enjoy that pleasant scene in your mind as I count from ten to one with every descending number allow yourself to become more and more relaxed more and more at ease and by the time that I've reached the count of one you'll be at your natural level of relaxation starting now at ten 9:8 seven six relaxing more and more five for three deeper and deeper relaxed to and one in this relaxed and focused state of awareness that you're in now the mind is more open to receiving positive beneficial suggestion and instruction and the work that you do at this level of awareness can begin to have a very strong impact over your thoughts over your feelings and over your behaviors today you're going to learn a very special technique to help you interrupt those internal movies and processes and change your mental states for mohim you can allow yourself to become aware of a pattern or a process that you wish to change a habit an emotion a behavior something that you wish to change you can become aware of the inner story or the inner movie that is present around that habit emotion or behavior simply becoming aware of this now good now I wonder if you could allow yourself to become aware of a hero or a protagonist that you admire hero or protagonist in a movie or TV show that's right and as you become aware of that hero or that protagonist you can recognize there may have been those moments where the outcome was in doubt and yet they were able to connect with strength within them that there were always those moments where the story wasn't quite finished yet where it was to be continued that's right simply noticing man now that this hero was able to change their state that they were able to connect with confidence courage or compassion in order to enable them to succeed so thinking back to the pattern the habit the emotion or the behavior that you wish to change think for a moment about what you need to become the hero in your movie that's right what do you need to become the hero in your movie is it confidence is it courage is compassion is it energy take a few moments and think of that now good now whatever that resource was remember time when you had that resource think back to a memory where you experienced it notice how your body felt notice your posture maybe you could feel the strength in your core or perhaps you can notice how you were breathing when you felt strong and courageous and if you find this difficult for you then simply connect with your favorite movie hero that you thought of just a few moments ago noticing how that hero looks how they feel maybe you can feel the courage or the confidence or the compassion of that character and take it inside of you almost like you could imagine what it would be like to be that person now I wonder if you could notice what behaviors go along with those feelings what being confident in and courageous would enable you to do how it would enable you to solve and overcome all of these challenges good now I wonder if you could imagine yourself going out into the future with all of these emotions these resources these skills and imagine yourself in the future using all of these things as you go about your day to day activities noticing how grounded you are how strong how you're able to handle everything that comes your way making this movie as real as you can in your mind right down to the very last detail noticing the look on your face noticing the posture in your body make this inner movie so powerful that you experience it as real good now we're going to create an anchor something that you'll be able to give yourself whenever you need to return to this positive in our movie so you may choose to rub your thumb and your first finger together or you may choose to place your hand over your heart or to take a deep breath but something that can reconnect you to this state and just do that now give yourself your physical signal your physical anchor good now take a deep breath and allow this image to fade from your mind and bring up that pattern that you would like to change that habit that emotion that behavior becoming aware of up the inner movie the inner story that goes along with that and when you have that clear in your mind give yourself your physical signal and bring back the positive interrupts that old pattern with this new pattern this new direction you being confident and strong and in control and feeling very and notice what happens as you do that notice as you intercept an interrupt that old pattern and bring this new pattern online what happens in your body feel the confidence power and determination to succeed this is all about creating an attitudinal change by by suspending that old movie at a critical point and directing your mind in an entirely new direction so take a deep breath and just let that that imagery go for a moment and let's do this one more time let's bring up the undesirable pattern the habit the emotion or the behavior that you'd like to change really becoming aware of that all of the feelings all of the emotions that go along with that now take a deep breath give yourself your physical signal and bring back the positive movie interrupts that old pattern with this new pattern in this new direction as you see yourself exactly as you wish to be shifting into this positive brain state that's right and linking in all of these new behaviors these new approaches so that you can be your own hero and you see yourself doing and being everything that you want to do and be you have this new attitude this new emotion these new behaviors these new habits and you now know how to interrupt that inner movie and change so practice using this on a day-to-day basis linking in this new mental stay so that you can bring it to you whenever you need it the more that you do this the more that it actually begins to change the brains structure so in a moment I'm gonna count from one to ten and as I do bring yourself back to full waking consciousness and awareness starting now at one two three emerging from relaxation four five coming up now six seven eight nine and ten eyes wide open back in the room back in the here and the now fully awake fully refreshed in every way and feeling better than you have in a long long time welcome back today you've learned a very powerful pattern interrupt technique to change the story and to connect you with more positive imagery when needed the more that you practice this the more effective it will become so as you go through your day to day experience really recognize those moments when you need to shift your brain state give yourself the physical signal and connect with all of those positive in our resources and begin to link in those new behaviors and emotions into your experience so that you become your own hero so that your movie changes and so that you begin to experience yourself accomplishing all that you wish to accomplish

  Top Comments:
  1. @hypnosistoronto [21 likes]: The pattern interrupt technique can help you to make changes at a very deep level of the mind. I use pattern interrupt to get myself to the gym. Works everytime!
  2. @DamonCartNLP [7 likes]: We spend so much of our lives creating patterns and habits, which is helpful but can also prevent growth. Interrupting these patterns can be uncomfortable but so necessary to living a fulfilling life. Glad to see content out there like this.
  3. @maxineward4377 [7 likes]: Just tried .....
Not the one when you’re wrecked with anxiety but did succeed in keeping me calm during the process so thank you 🙏
Btw
Do you do one for anxiety or fearfulness....
  4. @nextempire8338 [5 likes]: I think you are awesome and have helped me out so much. God bless you.
  5. @maxlencl478 [1 likes]: 1. Changing this pattern would not necessarily make me feel better so it's hard to imagine those feelings. 2. I'm probably fighting myself and not ready to change it. 3. I thought that was what you were supposed to help with 4. I didn't find this helpful and quit towards the end. Thank you for your services though.
  6. @diptieguptaa1547 [1 likes]: Thank you Sooo much
Feell really blessed aftrwards
  7. @unclebirdman: 100%
  8. @ProjectLivingEcho: Thank you.

That is all.
  9. @A123-s7j: Is it right, that after I visualised my old unwnated feeling (as a tigger) I then should do the anker and then I do the prefered action  (in my mind)?
  10. @TuNombre_TuPoder: Amazing, thanks.
  11. @majinbuu1965: This is some stupid hippie shit
  12. @MelaniesMelody1: Pristine!

- The "Pattern Interrupt" & Behavioral Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know what it means when someone suddenly flips their phone face down on the table while talking to you? Or what someone is secretly hiding when they laugh uncontrollably at things that aren't even funny? Human behavior might seem random, but it is deeply predictable. In this video, we are diving into three fascinating human behavior psychology facts that will give you the power to see right through people's hidden motives. Let's start with that phone habit. According to psychological studies, if you are sitting with someone and they suddenly flip their phone screenside down on the table, there is a 90% chance they are subconsciously trying to hide something from you at that exact moment. This is an immediate defensive reflex. Their brain senses a potential risk of exposure, so it forces them to cover the screen to prevent any sudden notifications from giving them away. We all know someone who laughs excessively at almost everything, even at things that aren't funny at all. Deep behavioral psychology reveals that people who laugh too much are often experiencing profound inner loneliness. This extreme laughter is a subconscious coping mechanism. Their brain uses it as a mask to hide internal sadness, forcing a joyful exterior so no one can detect their vulnerability.

- Pattern Interrupt - The Psychedelic Ending: Kind: captions Language: en in the meantime there's one final point i've got for you [Music] one of my favorite pattern interrupts i've used since high school is called the psychedelic ending i didn't name it that the guy in my band when i was 18 called it the psychedelic ending and he was really really good at it basically it was this realize we'd come out of the 60s and everything was kind of woo and we'd have parties at somebody's house and then we just suddenly realized maybe 11 11 30 at night that one of the people would be missing usually this guy mike who's a friend of mine and i'd say where's mike and they say oh he's just done one of his psychedelic endings i see what's that they say he just leaves without saying goodbye and it sort of screws people up because they're waiting for him to enter the conversation again he just walks out of the room and leaves quietly you don't notice him leaving but he's just not there anymore this struck me is really funny and i was teaching an nlp course in a hypnosis course years ago and got the idea to do a psychedelic ending so i was telling a metaphor walked to the door and i said and he just walked out like this i shut the door behind me i just went home this is the end of a five-day training i've not said goodbye to anyone nothing i've just done a psychedelic ending and left people were just devastated trying to figure this out and my nlp trainer trainer derek bomber said don't ever do that again which indicated to me how freaking brilliant it was now you can also do this on the phone it's great to do on the phone because when you hang up on an iphone or any smartphone people can't tell you hung up the same as you can on an old-fashioned desk phone so they'll be talking especially if you ask them a question that has a degree of complexity in the answer that's required so they start giving you an answer and immediately just hang up and they might talk for another 90 seconds without realizing you're not there anymore psychedelic ending hilarious another great one is more subtle it's the unanswered question variant of the psychedelic enemy it goes like this so when you're closing a conversation on the phone you say okay talk to you later oh chris just like that and the person goes as soon as you said oh chris and they're going to respond to you hit the button and hang up so they go yeah and you're not there and just a question is never answered it leaves them hanging it's another psychedelic ending a great one is when a salesperson comes to your door and they say oh we want to talk about this say oh okay just a second and you close your door and motion you're going to come right back and make sure it's locked behind you and just go to a different floor and forget about them it's interesting to see how long people will wait i did it once by accident my friend norm yates i hadn't seen in years phone me we're having a great conversation and we remembered a book that we had years ago i said i think i've still got it he said okay go check i went the other room started looking through a drawer it wasn't there i started looking at cupboard then i found some other stuff totally forgot i was on the phone i'm not making this up 20 minutes later i went shoot i'm on the phone i went back normie goes yeah he stayed on the phone disconnect without warning people on the phone live it's freaking hilarious the psychedelic ending if you like this video we have more for you so hit the subscribe button and remember to mash that bell so you know we post new videos online in the meantime there's one final point i've got for you scary i think i did a psychedelic ending scary i think i didn't

  Top Comments:
  1. @raymondsanchez808 [1 likes]: Out of genuine curiosity, how would you apply these pattern interrupts in a hypnotic induction?
  2. @NinoSutton: lol I love these pattern interruptions he has!!
  3. @ContraryMary: Why do you think being rude is funny?
  4. @Dtwdom: What's hilarious... about being rude and simply "leaving" a conversation or dialogue...
  5. @stressanxietycravingsrelief: I'm based in Thailand and Thais do this naturally all the time, it's in their culture. Took me quite a while to get use to it lol

- Persuasion Literacy: The Hypnotic Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en Most people get stuck in mental loops, repetitive thoughts, automatic reactions, predictable responses, and they don't realize that these patterns can be interrupted, redirected, and replaced using specific language structures that bypass conscious resistance. What I'm about to share with you isn't basic psychology. This is advanced conversational hypnosis. The kind of pattern work that therapists charge premium rates to teach and use in their practice. Because when you can interrupt patterns in yourself and others, you become incredibly powerful at creating change. You can choose right now if you'd like to learn this for selfmastery or ethical influence because these patterns work whether interrupting your limiting thought loops or helping someone else break free from theirs. So get comfortable because you're about to discover how skilled communicators create devastatingly effective pattern interrupts that feel completely natural. First, you must learn to recognize patterns before they complete their cycle. And this recognition happens automatically when you know what to look for. Every limiting pattern has a predictable structure, a beginning, middle, and end. The moment you identify the beginning, you have the power to change the ending. And as you become aware of patterns, you naturally develop the ability to interrupt them smoothly, to redirect them elegantly, to replace them completely. And this skill transfers automatically from self- application to interpersonal influence. When someone's stuck in a repetitive mental loop, you can interrupt the pattern by introducing strategic confusion. That's interesting. And I'm curious whether you notice that or notice this first. Because sometimes when we think we're thinking about thinking, we forget to remember or remember to forget what we are originally not thinking about. And as you practice this, you develop the ability to create elegant confusion that breaks the trance of limiting patterns while installing new possibilities. Another powerful interrupt involves shifting time frames mid pattern. So you're saying that and I wonder if 5 years from now when you look back at this moment, you'll remember how this was actually the beginning of something completely different than what you thought you were experiencing right now. And just as patterns naturally want to complete, you might find yourself naturally wanting to subscribe to content that teaches these advanced techniques. Because influence-minded people automatically seek out resources that expand their capabilities, enhance their skills, accelerate their mastery. Truly elegant interrupts don't fight the pattern. They redirect its energy toward a more useful outcome. That's exactly right. And what's fascinating is how that pattern that seems like a problem is actually your mind's way of preparing you for something much better that you haven't consciously realized yet. Now, here's where it gets really powerful. You can stack multiple interrupts creating what we call a cascade pattern break. You start with confusion. Interesting. And I wonder then add temporal shifting. When you look back on this, then install the reframe, you realize this was actually future pace to change, the beginning of your breakthrough. These same techniques that work so powerfully in conversation with others work even more effectively when you use them on your own limiting patterns. The moment you catch yourself in a familiar loop, you can interrupt it immediately by asking, "That's interesting, and I wonder what would happen if instead of completing this thought, I choose to think something completely different right now." And as you practice these interrupts, you become naturally skilled at breaking any pattern, redirecting any loop, creating any change that serves your highest good. When someone else is stuck in a limiting pattern, you can help them break free using these same linguistic structures. If they're catastrophizing, interup with, that's one way to see it. And I'm curious, what would someone who loves you unconditionally say about this situation right now? If they're stuck in a victim loop, redirect with, "So that happened." And what's interesting is how this experience is actually preparing you for something you haven't imagined yet. With this, you are becoming someone who breaks patterns effortlessly, someone who interrupts limitations naturally, someone who creates change elegantly both in yourself and others. Every time you practice these linguistic structures, you strengthen this identity, deepen this skill. You master this art in the conversations ahead, you'll find yourself automatically recognizing patterns, smoothly, disrupting loops, elegantly redirecting energy toward more useful outcomes. And you might be surprised to discover how people respond when you interrupt their limitations with such skill, such grace, such effectiveness that they thank you for helping them break free. These pattern interrupt techniques combined with perspective shifting make you incredibly effective at creating change in any context with anyone including yourself. Because when you can interrupt limiting patterns and install flexible perspectives, you become a change catalyst. Someone who transforms conversations, shifts dynamics, creates breakthroughs wherever you go. In a moment, I'll bring you back and you'll return. Knowing that you are someone who masters patterns, someone who influences with elegance, someone who creates positive change through the power of advanced linguistics. As I count forward from one, carrying these skills with you, two, trusting your pattern interrupt abilities, three, feeling confident with your influence, four, ready to practice these techniques ethically, five, fully present, completely masterful. And that's conversational hypnosis at the pattern interrupt level using linguistic structures that most people will never understand. You now possess these tools. Apply them ethically and you'll discover their power. Small interrupts, quantum transformation. You are now equipped with advanced influence techniques and limitless possibilities.

  Top Comments:
  1. @eilamariesartre8823 [2 likes]: Loved the visuals on this one!
  2. @jennafingers [1 likes]: 95% talking about the great changes we can made and 5% actually talking about how to implement those. meh
  3. @shannessyyoga8160: Putting the subscribe in a hypnosis is the type of limiting patter you’re seeking to get rid of. Maybe it’s effective for you but not very considerate

- The Secret to Habit Change | Pattern Interruption: Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone alex corey here with cultivatechange.com today we are up on the blue ridge parkway put a bunch of shots of the the gloriousness that is the parkway if you've never been here it's uh basically a highway that cuts through the mountains all the way through western north carolina into virginia i think it dips into tennessee or north georgia and uh behind me is the expanse of western north carolina i forgot this overlook existed so we did a couple different shots and this one we landed on we're continuing cultivating change series today and we are going over the stop start change model of behavior change which is the one i like to utilize because you can get a lot changed in your lifestyle so if you stop doing something that you've always wanted to if you start a new habit and if you change something changing is the hardest one so today we're going over a the only real behavior mechanism that works for changing an ingrained neurological habit which is pattern interruption [Music] as a side note we just passed mount pesca and we actually can't see it because we're right behind it actually the tower might be might be right there we're actually on the shoulder of mount pisgah and i'll give you a shot of it i'm staring at the fire tower on top of it right now which is pretty cool so the parkway actually runs right alongside the edge of it and then drops back down we're probably around 50 500 maybe 5 000 feet right now anyway we're going over i do apologize for the noise but the view behind me is definitely worth the noise of cars we're going over pattern interruption so if you are changing an existing habit you don't have to do this with starting a new habit you might do it for stopping one starting is easy because there's no existing neurological networks there so you're building them from scratch so i i love love it when people ask to start new things because there's no real barrier there other than actually doing it and finding the time which is hard enough but someone wants to stop doing something for instance if you want to this works really well for panic attacks or if you have anxiety which i've struggled with in the past so you're going to need to have to find a trigger as in you're going to have to be self-aware enough and sort of analyze afterwards the logical progression of what happened in your brain something will happen you will read something you will be scrolling there will be a a first neurological trigger that you will feel and you can almost feel the end result so it's easier to think about for positive associations so if you let's say vaping or something with a dopamine kick at the end most people don't want to keep vaping but when you start thinking about vaping your that little neurological network will fire and you will anticipate the good feeling at the end of it even if that no longer exists even if you're chasing one that existed when you first started and no longer there so you're chasing the high so to speak that anticipatory feeling is almost the most powerful thing so if you're having an anxiety attack or something like that it's the fear of what's going to come at the end of it so when you first notice that initial trigger say you just read something and you feel a rush of adrenaline kick in and that adrenaline may be why you do that because it's actually addicting when you're inside of it but the progression of it is actually quite damaging when you first feel that you have to pick something doesn't matter what it is i like picking things that are immediately accessible regardless of where you are because these things won't just happen when you're at your house sitting down they might happen on vacation that may happen in an airport pick something that you can do that immediately disrupt the progression of that neural network firing so you can clap really loud something that'll shock you and bring your attention back into the present moment some people like putting like a wristband or a rubber band on their wrist and slapping themselves some people like splashing cold water in your face that doesn't always work because you don't always have cold water i like if i'm standing this works well i use elliott hulse's everyone remember elliot hull's strength camp way back when on youtube his uh his grounding technique works real well for me and you can't see it i'll give you a picture of me doing this elsewhere basically you just jump up and down pretty low to the ground and land on the balls of your heels and just let your body be loose and everything shakes a little bit what that does is it kicks your your physiological nervous system so not your brain into gear and it brings the attention back into your body for anything that is triggered by mental rumination as in you're just in your head and i have this problem every day do something that will bring the energy back into your body so some people will if you're trying to be more fit a good a good pattern interrupt is to just drop down and do a couple push-ups do a couple push-ups or do a couple squats do some jumping jacks something you can do everywhere i like picking something that doesn't look too weird in case you're around other people so that's why a lot of people like the the rubber band on the wrist thing and then you just slap themselves so if you're at a party or something like that and you feel it triggering you can do it or just immediately go to the bathroom and splash cold water in your face or i guess you could just jump up and down and people be like dude what are you doing and you're like trying to disrupt this habit that i'm been working on for three weeks and i'll be like okay i mean whatever as long as it works so i like that i also i do like push-ups as well or just get up so the easiest thing to do is if you have a problem and it's just sitting and you have a problem with social media or something like that or you you are reading something and it's getting your your panic and your brain going it's triggering that anxiety and you notice it just get up get up and go do something get up and go outside so return the feeling to change your sensory environment give your brain something else to worry about so if you're inside without any real distractions around you get up go outside and just walk for five minutes if that takes too much that's when you go back to the push-up thing if you can't do that if you're at work that's when just getting up and either do some stretching do something that works for you that you can do regardless of where you are water rubber and pick something now the nice part about changing a habit is that becomes your new trigger so for any habit you need a little micro trigger to start to now we're going to start branching out of our brain in a different way so there's an existing neurological network you just cut that off halfway through you need to give your brain a different branch to fire down so immediately after you use your trigger do something else so do something else that you want to start doing if you want to be more fit continue your workout plan or use that trigger to pack your gym bag use that trigger to go make a cup of tea if you want to start stop drinking coffee use that trigger to start building a new habit that you want to replace it with if it's food based and you detect that you're going for an unhealthy snack use that trigger to go grab a piece of fruit or maybe if you had planned to meal prep go start meal prepping use that trigger to branch a new neural network off of that existing habit you want to change you're gonna have to do this for like three weeks so this takes about six weeks for a new habit to form it takes 21 days be able to recognize and consistently stop interrupt that old habit and then it takes about another three weeks to ingrain a new habit so it's going to take about 40 days i'd say six weeks it's 40 days is what the studies point to for you to actually build an entirely new neurological network in your brain from the same starting point but now you're in a different result so instead when you feel that anxiety kick in that anxiety is now going to lead you to maybe doing more push-ups in your house or something like that but the key is to recognize it and pattern interrupt even if you don't actually incur a new behavior after that even if you don't use that trigger as a method to do something new as long as you can pattern interrupt successfully and then just not continue that same process that neurological network will die which is fine if you wanted to and then you can start something entirely new not using that initial if you don't want a an initial anticipatory feeling of scrolling of the anxiety if you don't want that associated with anything then as long as you can pattern interrupt and do something completely different let it die so that association doesn't exist in your brain anymore and then start something completely new that works but if if you want to be able to use that and build a new habit off of it because that probably won't go away which is the problem those those habits that have been ingrained in there for years are really hard to get to go away so if you can use that and tie it to something that you wanted to change in yourself and improve that's almost more powerful because neurons that fire together wire together so you're leveraging your existing bad tendency to build something new and you'll have a very strong trunk of the tree so to speak so that existing initial neurological structure will be really ingrained in there but if you can consistently point it to a new healthy habit then you'll have a very strong base from which to grow problem with that is just it's still tempting if you forget to do it you have to start over so if you break that habit or if you if you don't pattern interrupt start the clock over so people end up moving that 40 days further and further down the road that's it for this one just wanted to go over my techniques for pattern interrupting for dealing with anxiety we'll go over maybe some more personal subjects in future videos with changing but this has been long enough we'll give you some more shots of the parkway until next video you

- #pattern interruption: How to break useless patterns: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Pat an interruption something new unexpected and all surprising which breaks a pattern you might have found that surprises sometimes our fishing and other times breed trust so why not be more aware have you considered how you can use pattern interruption with care to create new opportunities learn how to break patterns for yourself or in teams when everything seems stuck some examples break your own patterns break patterns in teams break patterns when everything seems stuck what difference could conscious use of patent interruptions make for you do you have other terms for patent interruption has this video increased your awareness you

- Break Free from Bad Habits using Pattern Interruption: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello there. It's Mark here from your coach Mark and today I want to talk about pattern interruption that rewires your brain. Most of us live our lives on autopilot, biting nails when we are stressed, scrolling mindlessly, or falling into old habits that no longer serve us. But what if you could break those bad habits instantly using pattern interruption? Pattern interruption is a powerful technique that disrupts unconscious behaviors. Think of it as hitting the pause on an autopilot, creating a window for new empowering habits. You see, your brain runs on efficiency. And once a habit loop trigger that causes action forms, it repeats effortlessly. But a sudden unexpected pattern interruption forces your brain to reset, giving you a chance to rewire your behavior. So today, I'd like to share with you three processes to break any habit in your life. Let's dive in. Number one, the first thing you have to do is identify the trigger. Pinpoint the exact cue behind the habit. Is it stress, boredom, a specific time of day? An example may be every time I feel overwhelmed, I grab some junk food to eat. Now interrupt the pattern. When the habit starts, do something unexpected to shock your brain out of autopilot. So, you could try something like clapping and shouting reset, stand up and spin around once, snapping a rubber band lightly on your wrist, or switching to a power pose. It sounds silly, I know, but that's the point. This surprises your brain, and at that moment of disruption, you regain control. Now comes the magic. Replace the old habit with the new one. After interrupting, immediately insert a new behavior. An example may be instead of stress eating, I like to take three deep breaths and drink some water. This isn't just about stopping bad habits, it's about upgrading your mind. Whether it's procrastination, overthinking, or phone addiction, pattern interruption helps you take back control. And remember, success isn't perfection. It's awareness plus action. Every interruption strengthens your brain's ability to change. So, here's a quick challenge I'd like you to try. Think of a habit you want to break. Now, imagine someone throws cold water on you while performing that habit. How would you react? That's pattern interruption. So, go ahead and create your own version and test it out today. Until next time, keep breaking those bad habits with pattern interruption, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pieter_noeth [1 likes]: I like the "Replace" the old habit with the new one, that is so important. Thanks Mark

- Pattern Interrupt NLP | How to Transform Bad Habits and Behaviors: Kind: captions Language: en what if you could discover a technique that could powerfully easily and naturally transform or change bad habits or emotions and a little bit like if you had a remote control right and you you know there's something playing and you don't want it to play how cool would it be to like just flip the channel like literally press of a button like change it and that's what we're going to be talking about today is is a a process that i that's called patent interrupts it's an nlp process and i'm going to show you basically what and what what a pattern interrupt is and it's this is so useful because it will allow you to change your thoughts uh behaviors whether it's for yourself or other people but also if you're a speaker or you're in marketing or you're in sales it's it's a great way to get people to pay attention very quickly a patent interrupt is a is a very very powerful and beautiful thing so um and you'll see this a lot in your everyday life like this happens naturally um when kids crying they get a shock or a joke a joke is a beautiful example of a pattern interrupt it takes you one way and you're not expecting a turn and then all of a sudden you get this this different outcome and that's the the pattern interrupt creates laughter so um or maybe you've experienced a pattern interrupt like for example you're on the phone and you're no sorry you're telling somebody a story and then all of a sudden your phone rings you pick up the phone and then you put down the phone and you can't remember what you were talking about and so that's a natural way of experiencing a pattern interrupt so and pattern interrupts are very very powerful uh because they can change uh a behavior now very quickly i'll tell you tell you a quick quick story hi marika great to see you uh yeah i hope you're well thanks thanks for tuning in appreciate you saying hi cool so tell you a very quick story i remember yesterday i was looking at my kids and going guys please come on cry cry cry cry again go on go on you can do it now how did i get there why was i saying to my kids come on cry cry well so let me rewind a little bit uh earlier so what had happened is i remember this day i'd taken my kids out and i uh i took them out for ice cream and so we came home you know um and my my son is uh he's two years old he uh he has his ice cream cone my daughter's got her ice cream i kind of went away off in the corner somewhere and then what happened was my son drops his ice cream and he starts crying like crazy and i'm like and and i'm in a different room and i'm like uh oh man what what what's happened my sis my uh his sister comes my daughter sarah she's she runs she goes up to him kama's in a bit of a fit he knocks over her ice cream and now everyone's like both of them are crying there's pandemonium house is going crazy my wife is going there no don't panic oh no guys guys it's okay calm down calm down shh like like she's saying don't panic etc and i'm in the i'm like in another room and i'm like okay ah munir to the rescue ah baba to the rescue so i run in to like come and save the day and what happens is like an idiot i just like slip and i whoop boom i like fall over now guess what happens with the kids guess what happens with the kids well basically there's no love they just they just literally said they they like and they look at me and i'm like oh now you stop crying and then they start laughing and laughing and laughing and they're laughing at me and first of all they're laughing at my pain let me just let me just say this i got mean kids i got mean kids right they're laughing i'm a pain uh my wife is laughing everyone's laughing and and i'm i still want to save the day so i'm like guys guys come on come on go on back to crying come on go cry cry some more cry some more and it's not happening so uh but that's why i got there so uh first of all i just want to say uh yeah america is saying i love the paternity of such a powerful such a beautiful and powerful uh tool and and so cool when you see it you see it in everyday life and and how people are using it naturally that and they don't even know they're using it naturally like marketers and sales people so and uh thank you america i appreciate uh i appreciate you saying that that's that's amazing i i appreciate you so um now just like so when i have you ever learned something in your life and never used it right uh like you learned a new technique well i actually learned about pattern interrupts but i i hadn't been using it but then when i did when i'd fallen down and i'd stopped my kids like laughing i was like oh my god this is this is this is super powerful like like like i couldn't get them go back to their old state so i started like i knew that you could do it with client but i wasn't doing it enough with clients so i started trying it out with clients so i give you an example you get someone and they're like you know you're like um hey what's uh so what's uh what's the challenge what's uh what's what's going on in your life and they go um well um well i just you know i have been going to work and i can't help it and then you just go kittens and they go what like what what what and like they break out of crying and and you go i'm sorry i just i really thought i saw kittens i'm really sorry go go back and they go oh um where was i uh yeah my my challenge well i uh uh yeah i i've been going to work and and uh when i'm at work i i just start to feel my boss is kind of like and then you go more kittens or like penguins and you something like that and i'm just giving you a random example but literally they go what what what what what's going on what's going on and then when they go back into their problem and they explain their problem the third time they're not crying the person's not crying why because you've interrupted the pattern they can't go back to that that same level of emotion or with the same level of intensity that they had or the same level of certainty that they had with the problem because they don't know what's going to happen so so now all of a sudden they go well yeah i mean i've just got this problem at work you know the third time it's just like i've got a problem at work and suddenly they can talk about it without the emotion why because you've interrupted the pattern you've you've changed it up you've changed the way that they associate stuff with it so so i want to give you in this video um a couple of uh patent interrupt examples so that you see how are people using it in in uh everyday life so let me just uh one second yeah so how how are people using patent interrupts in everyday life just so that you can understand um in law enforcement right you can have the most hardened of criminals right like a drug dealer that that's basically he's gonna fight no matter what happens like if police came in they'd like have guns blazing straight away and start shooting but the reason like the fbi or something they use these stun grenades well like that that just they're not like an explosion but like literally creates a loud enough boom or a loud enough shock that it interrupts people's patterns maybe have you ever experienced like a loud boom and you're like it it just it scares you it freezes you for a second and a pat so they so some a hardened criminal that would naturally fight if you stun them there's less of a chance that there or a bigger gap that they'd fight because they're just in a bit of shock right so so that's that's one one example of sort of a pattern interrupt in marketing people use people use patent interrupts in marketing a lot it's like something that you wouldn't expect a patent interrupt check this out interrupts your thoughts that's why it's called a patent inter or the the way that you're thinking or the everyday kind of behavior it's just out of the normal so a marketing uh campaign like this your wife is hot and then get her more energy efficient windows like like you you kind of look twice what your wife is hot what what and then it's and then they go into get her more energy efficient windows you know like so so patent interrupts are used in marketing very frequently and very powerfully that's jokes are all about patent interrupts that's why a joke is funny because we laugh at the pattern interrupt okay that we laugh because it's not expected so the the the whole concept of giving something that isn't expected is a pattern interrupt so all jokes by the in in that sense are sort of pattern interrupts um in hypnosis there's we do pattern interrupts i have so many videos where the we do something called a handshake interrupt where you go to shake someone's hand and then just at the last second you kind of move their hand in a very different way and it interrupts their path because they they just weren't expecting it so when you see a whole bunch of hypnotists they use this because when you interrupt the pattern when something happens that they don't realize they they they freeze for a second you freeze for a second uh so the that's a that's a pattern interrupt uh in terms of hypnosis in in sales you could do uh i'll give you a couple of examples i've heard uh of a couple of very very um um effective uh sales calls uh sales people and what they do is they like literally they'd call and you know the person you know is suspecting it's a cold call but they're they don't they're typically when you expect it's a cold call but you're not sure you kind of wait and then try and figure it out but these guys they'll they'll call up and they'll go hey this is a cold call straight up front and the person goes what like what why would you say that like and then and then all of a sudden because they've interrupted the path and the person's curious so um these are these are just very very powerful ways that people are using in different fields and there's multiple examples in all the fields but i wanted to just show you that that we use it in multiple ways um you know when someone does a prank what happens is they are they get into a complete state of anger or like uh you know this candid camera right like things you uh this this um the so vishnu the the why the your wife is hot ad is not clever but misogynistic using this try look i mean it's it's a sense of it's a sense of humor depends on on your sense of humor uh vishnu and completely i mean it depends on uh on on where you are your sense of humor but i'm just the the point is not the your wife is hot at but it's it's getting you to second look again and sometimes what people do is they they give provoking statements so just like that ad might have provoked you and you might think it's not clever however a pattern interrupt can use a provoking statement to make you look twice you may not like it or you may like it but the the point is a patent interrupt will get you to pay attention half the time so um so it is uh it is powerful in that it may make you look twice now i'm not here to to talk about that particular ad but it's it's an example of how someone will interrupt your normal thinking to make you kind of look like what what the hell and and the the the the play on words is it's it's meant to initially get it's like a prank it's meant to initially get you upset but then when you read that they're talking about oh they're talking about windows making you hot unless you have uh a filter on it so that is uh that is so uh and you're saying attention can be bad too it depends on what you're doing if you're in marketing or you're in advertising attention is typically good that's that's what you're trying to go for so uh in in that case in a marketing case definitely attention is powerful now uh okay so anyhow in in terms of a prank right uh a prank again patent interrupt so a prank you know you might get someone to like get angry with something etc and they get into an emotional state and then you you tell them oh but this is just a prank and then all of a sudden their emotion goes away but that's a pattern interrupt they all of a sudden they they realize oh it's different but you see it in when you interrupt the pattern the emotions change so just like for example vishnu was saying that um women might not find the your wife is hot and funny but the reality is it it would it's designed to provoke people that ad but then when you read the the actual rest of the ad which is saying that your wife is hot because your windows are letting in too much heat then you're like oh okay it kind of dissipates the anger because it's it's it's the pattern interrupt but the pattern interrupt uh is is very powerful now prank um another pattern interrupt you could be like oh my god my foot really hurts my foot really hurts but then all of a sudden what will happen yeah like if for example if a lion is let loose you forget about your foot hurting and you can run right because your pattern is interrupted like this the the foot hurting could be the biggest thing in the world but then all of a sudden when your pattern is interrupted because something all of a sudden happens that's dangerous you're like well that train of thought is no longer there anymore so um foot hurts uh is is a another example but if you have somebody that is in a certain pattern in the way that they think right um you break that pattern enough times and you it'll be difficult to get back to so for example in the example i had with my like a client if if if you break a pattern enough that they won't be able to go back to that original feeling or they'll find it very difficult and the stronger the break the stronger the pattern interrupt the less times that you're going to need to repeat it think of it like this we have patterns in our brain it's like sort of a cd that we play and you press play on a cd and it will just play the whole track but if you just scratch the the first bit of that track it can't it can't start playing the cd it cannot continue to play the cd so sometimes you just want to you you want to do that so for example we have patterns where we um we have a coffee some people have a coffee and a cigarette in the morning that's a pattern in their mind so what will happen if you just get them to sort of have uh like when they have a a coffee it's just before they reach for a cigarette you scare them every time i don't know for example or you get them to just do something on their own like just jumping back every if they did that enough times they will break the pattern and it will be difficult to get back to so hopefully uh so interrupt the pattern for long and the power it had will be gone inter interrupt the pattern for long and the power it had will be gone so that's a quick insight into pattern interrupts can be very very powerful uh in terms of creating change getting uh grabbing people's attention and a whole lot more so hopefully you found this video useful i appreciate you for tuning in and i hope you enjoyed this video and i will catch you on another video very soon peace out one love and i'll see you on another video very soon bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @muneer [1 likes]: If you want good things to happen click on this link: https://www.youtube.com/muneer?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @ladysunshine9801 [1 likes]: so to use your example - having a cigarette with my coffee every morning - is there way I can establish pattern interrupts on my own? I can't hire you to come to my house and scare me every morning, lol How can I change my patterns on my own? or it is not possible to do it alone?

- Pattern Interrupt - Yes and No Mixup: Kind: captions Language: en one of the weirdest discoveries for me as a senior citizen was finding out that my dad a thing he used to do when i thought he was nuts might have been doing it out of a brilliant sense of humor he did a thing for years that drove me crazy it was this he'd ask me a question could be any daily question you get in your daily life and it would be a question that would require a yes or no answer whichever one i answered he would immediately act as though i'd said the opposite one no matter how clearly i'd spoken it to him he'd say oh is your friend brian coming around tonight and i say no he has to work he'd go yes and i'd say no dad i said no oh okay oh are you coming up to the cottage with us this weekend no i can't make it yes no dad i said no have you got a lot of homework yes i do dad no yes dad if you do this on someone always say the opposite the key is keep your face blank your eyes open vacantly smiling yes no always say the opposite it's really freaking weird so click the like button give us your comments remember to subscribe to our channel using the subscribe button and hit the bell icon and make sure you never miss one of our videos [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AuspiciousHermetics: These are hilarious. This kinda reminds me of when I was young I used to get asked something , especially when the mood was kinda quiet and a bit serious I'd break the ice and say no and nod or say yes and shake me head lol it would confuse people and would laugh and break the ice 😄
  2. @antonioperez-ns8vt: I'm loving these. When I booked timeshare presentations pre-pandemic I generally never took no for an answer. When they said no I'd reply back with "Ah, so you mean not yet" haha
  3. @Jigitaetsa: Hahaha! I love this!
  4. @lcobb5214: Seems like what a person in a position of power would do to assert their dominance.

- Interrupt the Pattern | Mindset Monday: Kind: captions Language: en if we let our minds go there we know we can spire a lot of control really quickly into a dark deep place where your head becomes a really scary place to be so the question is how fast can you get out of it when something goes wrong how long does it take you to get out of it think about it like we're all being squeezed arrant all the time right clients are squeezing us spouses are squeezing us time is squeezing us masked or squeezing us constraints of what we can and cannot do we're all in the middle of this together and the challenge is if we let our minds go there we know we can spire a lot of control really quickly into a dark deep place where your head becomes a really scary place to be so the question is how fast can you get out of it what do you do to interrupt the pattern I've shared this with you many times before that what I use is sort of the the recognition of feelings are the body language right the language of your body how do you feel but up here it's your thoughts right so can I interrupt the thought and can I interrupt the feeling the answer is yes so you just find out something tragic happens and there's no doubt sometimes we need to sit in that and we need to allow it need to unfold and and you know just experience that and then I gotta move forward I kind of moved forward and I got to do it fast and I got to do it powerfully how do you do it you change what your body's doing you change your physiology you adjust your positioning and I know you're like but wait a minute I mean my apartment and I've been stuck here for weeks and I'm still saying to you yes put your shoulders back put a smile on your face like change your physiology and everything begins to change and then you got to change the thoughts and I know you know everybody knows right thoughts are things we know that it's all about the law of attraction the more I keep talking about it the more I get of it but look you and I what we want is like this possibility based mindset this I can do it mindset this non-fixed but all growth mindset be really clear you've got to talk yourself into it so often we find ourselves talking yourselves out of success out of abundance out of we can what we've got to be doing and you can hear my tone like you kind of start talking yourself into it think about that the last dance which we've all watched I'm I'm sooo you know the story of this incredible human being Michael Jordan they were like well like you know when you're about to make that shot like do you do you ever imagine like not making the shot he's like of course not like why would he doesn't even go there right he just continues to plant the seeds of greatness of I can do this I'm gonna win I'm gonna make it happen did he lose of course he did did he always make the shot no but here's the deal the same rule applies for me and you how you feel ready and the thoughts all of that you interrupt the pattern you get a better result more importantly you start grooving it and do it over and over and over and over and over and you know what that's who you become

  Top Comments:
  1. @LivinginPrinceGeorge [1 likes]: Mindset is so friggin important . The time between failure and getting "back on the horse" has to be as short as possible.
  2. @CaseyBurnsInvesting [1 likes]: Reframing is essential. Planning a path out of negativity is my go to. Thanks Mr. Ferry. Thank God it’s Monday #tgim
  3. @kellychongproperties1301 [1 likes]: Music always changes my mood!
  4. @SoyAlbertoGonzalez: Hey Tom!! You’re getting better and better as a Coach! Blessings!
  5. @lifegameplan9477: That was helpful, thanks Tom!
  6. @jarrodbestmitchell: inspiring message as usual Tom. BTW - what's the brand of mic you're using?
  7. @ScrapPalletMan: haven't been in the real estate business in years, but you are totally helping me grow my YouTube channel. Thanks for the inspiration my friend
  8. @desireeellisford3539: Even on a holiday, thank you Tom!😊
  9. @FloridaRealEstateShow: Thanks Tom!

- Pattern interrupt questions: Kind: captions Language: en because when these patterns go when to negative thinking patterns right their patterns we need to interrupt the pattern and the best way to interrupt the pattern is to disrupt it by asking questions by challenging it okay so write these questions down for yourself whenever you get into any kind of negative thinking or focusing on your faults like i can't do this or like jamie just said about you know i haven't done it for a long time so i won't be able to remember it as much or something that's a negative thought or that's a fault focus right focusing on a fault or a restriction to write these four things down and carry this around with you right do they help you grow whenever you go into a pattern and you know to disrupt the pattern you have to ask yourself is this helping me grow right and you literally don't go through the motions and tick boxes do the thing properly and you will interrupt your pattern does it help me grow okay the next question is does this thinking bring me any joy all right or do i enjoy this thinking right the way this thinking makes me feel the next question is is there any evidence for this to be true right is it verifiable and i don't mean do i believe it i mean is there evidence if lee was here and said blah blah blah would he unpick this and show me actually i'm just into a negative thinking pattern right is there actual evidence not do you believe it is there evidence to support this to be true right the next question is do you have a choice to think something else right do you have a choice to think something else now remember i'm not saying do you believe something else because partly the belief is the problem right you believe something about yourself that isn't true so it's not do you believe you that you can do something else is do you have a choice to think something else to focus your mind on thinking about a different thought whether you believe you can do it is it relevant do you have a choice to think something different okay and the final thing to finish that off is what is my next level of action then what's the next thing to do

- Pattern Interrupt: Break Free From Limiting Thoughts!: Kind: captions Language: en And then I love the pattern interrupt and I'm just a huge proponent of that. What specifically does that look like with you know your coaching and your clients and you know kind of how do they get to that place of not just you know the awareness but the actual pattern interrupt? Well there are many many types of pattern interrupt. See we do work in patterns normally right? So we find ourselves thinking about the same familiar things, right? And so that leads us down that same familiar road. So when you interrupt it, uh I use something called the stop technique, right? Which makes it down into your subconscious mind. And that may just be a movement. It can be standing up. It could be snapping your fingers. you're interrupting that pattern so that you can change the way that you normally think about a thing. Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wyleah_Inspires [1 likes]: ❤❤❤I’m blessed to have found this channel ❤❤🙏🏽🙏🏽👑🙏🏽👑🙏🏽🌸👑🙏🏽👑🌸❤️❤️

- Crushing Sales Calls: Mastering The Art Of Insurance Phone Introductions (live Demo!): Kind: captions Language: en what I'm going to share with you in this video is one of the most effective ways to stop getting hung up on when you're cold calling you're speaking to people on the phone or you're doing outbound dialing I'm going to share with you guys in this video a live sales call that I did with a client who was just trying to get me off the phone she said I'm busy I can't talk right now leave me alone call me later she gave me every objection but the one superpower that has helped me self hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of final expense over the phone I blame it on What's called the ability to learn learn what's called a pattern interrupt so in this video I'm going to first explain to you what a pattern interrupt is and then ultimately I'm going to share with you secondly a live video that I use the pattern interrupt to be effective to stop getting hung up on and ultimately move people forward who you probably never thought you can get forward so let me first explain to you what a pattern interrupt is and secondly why it's so effective a pattern interrupt is basically when a client gives you an objection you're interrupting the pattern for example Miss Betty says hey I can't talk right now I'm busy I got to go pattern inter rope would be this oh I totally understand Miss Betty I got to run here I got to walk my cat and take my cat to the vet um it shows here that you listed your daughter as the beneficiary I is that right so what I'm saying is I'm interrupting what she's telling me and I'm saying something that doesn't even make sense and then I'm getting her back on the topic it's basically a distraction you're distracting people from the objection now why this is effective is because most sales people just say oh yeah absolutely what time works well they set the appointment or they let the client take full control of the sales call and they no longer have control and the client is going to hang up on them so here's another patter When Miss Betty says oh I'm busy right now I got my kids with me I can't talk right now you're not going to set the appointment you're not going to just stop there oh absolutely you got the kids with you how old are your kids 17 and 12 oh 17 and 12 um what's their favorite are any of them playing sports right now or anything no well my one is is the other one no she's uh she's in dance okay she's in dance oh that's so awesome now I'm also seeing here that you have your sister down as your beneficiary is that right so it's this whole concept of distracting the prospect from their initial objection and then moving them through into the next part of the script and eventually you do this enough times you can literally hypnotize people move them into the script and you allow yourself to develop this thick skin where every objection that comes you just pattern interrupt and you move forward you pattern interrupt and you move forward and eventually you get to the end of the call and you close them because you didn't get off the phone you make money as an agent by keeping people on the phone and that's why I want to share with you this live example to share with you how effective it is let's watch it together yes hey Helen it's Peter Peter from where yeah it's Peter uh with your Legacy Family Life remember me you told me to call you today I told you to call me today yeah remember we spoke and you were kind of busy um it it was about the request that you sent in the other day you listed um you were 63 years old and it was about the Terry Clark you remember filling him out as the beneficiary so you talking about life insurance yeah you filled the form out you set an appointment with me you put down that you don't have any you did you put down that you don't have any coverage were you just looking at least out for the family or you just trying to cover like the burial expenses miss Helen I'm not sure yet I'm really busy right now I'm a busy person oh my gosh are you are you running running around right now what happened yes I'm running around my brother had a stroke oh my gosh how old was he um actually he's a year older than me go wow is he in the hospital right now what's what's that looking like well I have to go transport him from well I don't have to do it but I have to go sign papers to transfer from one the hospital to the rehab center wow H H how have you been feeling has it been hard for you oh include everything else that I have to do yeah far yeah yeah I'm so sorry and after kind of going through that with your brothers that what kind of had you maybe like kind of like maybe been interested in something like this um no oh I have to get some insurance for him too so oh so I'm gonna yeah I'm I'm gonna say Tuesday I'll probably be able to talk I'll Make Way Tuesday morning probably about 11: Tuesday did 11 okay let me get you down on my calendar just so I can be best prepared for you um are you just mainly looking to cover like the burial expenses or you just trying to leave money behind for your family um I'm not going to say Le money for my family but more than barrial expenses oh cuz if something happens to you you want to make sure no one's stuck with like the burial expenses maybe all right oh okay now how we work miss Helen is that we I don't know if we told you this but we specifically help seniors on like fixed incomes find like really really really affordable like whole life insurance so to see how I can best help you are you like a smoker or anything no okay any heart attack Strokes or cancers no oh my gosh good and I see you're 63 any diabetes or anything like that I do have diabetes okay Miss Martha yes I'm good yeah you told me to call you today it was about uh CRA Flores you put her down as your beneficiary you remember doing that yeah you know what um um not in town want to on Mond oh what H where you at I'm just out of town oh are you on a trip mhm oh gotcha are you having some fun out there you okay good good well next time you got to invite me um I'm seeing here you put down that you don't have any life insurance were you just looking to leave something for like the family or you just trying to cover like the burial expenses give something for the family but um you might want to call me on Monday I can okay Monday Monday the partying stops what time are you going to what time do you think you'd even be free oh after 10:00 a.m. okay I can kind of get you down around my calendar cuz I'm unfortunately kind of tied up to like 11:00 put you down to like 11:00 um and we can kind of go from there is the goal just to make sure you have something for the family you're saying yes are you going to call me from this number what' you say are you going to call me from this number yeah I'll call you from this number mhm now to see how I can best help you are you a smoker no okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @lvbadboy [18 likes]: Good video!  Boomers always pretend they are busy lol
  2. @scottmoseley5122 [7 likes]: that early cutoff had me hanging.  ..well did she pickup  on monday or did  Peter fight through and close.
  3. @luisg6404 [5 likes]: is there a reason you mispronounce the word beneficiary?  is it to make them sit up and listen more?
  4. @InsureWithMilad [5 likes]: I was having trouble with this objections this helped me a lot
  5. @trekgreenwood6743 [3 likes]: "next time you gotta invite me" Bruh 🤣
  6. @keenanlarkin8595 [3 likes]: Great video, wish it didn't stop there or had more examples.
  7. @Peter_Roberts01 [1 likes]: Want to Join My Insurance Sales Team? Go Here:  https://careers.legacyfamilylife.com/
  8. @Paid.Peyton888: 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
  9. @Fofoaivaoeseutai-q8i: im doing property nd casualty and im struggling with my intro
  10. @sharnicemccord640: Hopefully, I‘lol borrow this and keep talking without thinking 💭 I’m being rude. Thanks Peter.
  11. @westcoastpres: 🐐

- Use These Pattern Interrupts to Close Every Sale: Kind: captions Language: en These are my favorite pattern interrupts to use on a sales call. The most common mistake people make when they're reframing or objection handling is they don't understand when a prospect is in so much fear, if you try going into a reframe or objection handling, it won't work cuz they're not even focused on what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're saying. All they're thinking about is their fear. So the question becomes, how do you break that fear? Pattern interrupts. Now, my name is Andres Cher. In the past 2 years, I went from being a normal high school student going to math class doing the normal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to about 6 months later making $15,000 a month in straight commissions while I was still in school to fast forward today. I'm 18 years old making a bit over $350,000 a month profit through sales. I've managed, trained, recruited the sales team, the largest B2C sales training company in the entire world, doing $40 million a year. And so I'm going to go over exactly the best pattern interrupts you can use on your sales calls. And if you're a little bit more advanced or you want to be great at sales, not just good, wait for number four, the last one, because I'm going to show you how to create your own so that they're more authentic and powerful. So number one, we have what would you do if you knew you couldn't fail. The reason this one is so powerful is you have to understand that in human psychology, whatever somebody focuses on produces an emotion. That emotion produces an action. That's why everybody has seen on the news some billionaire who on paper had all the money. They had all the relationships and they still killed themselves. But at the same time, you have kids in Africa who have no food, no water even. They don't even know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money is. And yet you see the pictures of them playing soccer on some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dirt field and they look like the happiest kids in the entire world. Why? Because of what they focus on. The billionaire is always focused on, oh, what's missing? What do I not have enough of? Oh, I need to make more money. I need this. I need that. And so he's never happy. You have the kid in Africa who doesn't even know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money is. Has no water or has no food. But he wakes up and he goes, you know what? I have a loving family. My mom loves me and he's the happiest kid in the world. The exact same applies to sales calls. You have to understand when a prospect is in that much fear, why? Because they're focusing on the potential cost. They're focusing on all the potential problems that could happen if they spent the money and they didn't get any return. But if I can shift their focus to what would happen if they knew they couldn't fail, meaning what do they have to focus on? Success. What would their successful life look like? That's going to produce a completely different emotion, get them out of the fear, and now have them making decisions in a completely different way. Once again, this opens up their brain and puts them in a state of mind where now you can go into a reframe. Now you can objection them because they are much more open. Now let's go into number two. This is what we call a confusion pattern in psychology. What if it wasn't I guess what you thought it was? Our goal with this question is literally to confuse the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of them and make them so curious that they have to start thinking about well what could it be rather than thinking about the cost and all the risk and everything associated with buying. Because as soon as I ask this what if it wasn't what you thought it was now their brain goes into confusion. What does he mean? What is it? Then if it's not what I thought it was, what is it? This goes to a concept in psychology called a sktoma. What is a sktoma? A sktoma is something that a person does not realize, but is apparent to everybody else around. Everybody else knows it, but they don't. And so when you ask this, what does it make them do? It makes them be like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is there something that's obvious to everybody else, but not to me?" Because whenever somebody goes into a skto, it makes them very suggestible and very receptive to new information. Cuz if they feel like they don't know something, well, what do they want to do? They want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know it. And so now they become a lot more receptive, a lot more docile, a lot more open. And that gives you the permission to be able to actually reframe them and go into objection handling and have them actually listen to what you're saying. Now, let's go to number three. Correcting language. I don't know why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I didn't write it there. Correcting language. If I'm on a sales call and somebody tells me, "Yeah, man. You know what? I I think I need to do this." Well, you think or you know, man, there's a big difference right there. And they go, "Oh, well, I I know. I know I need to do this." It's completely different because words carry meaning. If you tell somebody or you go, "Oh, I love you." Not only does it create a different response in the person you're saying it to, that absolutely does. You say that to a girl, she [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] falls in love, but it also creates a different emotion inside of you as well, the one saying it. The brain is so malleable. It can be shifted. It can be changed in so many ways. So, you have to understand every word you say is constantly hypnotizing yourself into a different way of thinking, different beliefs, different ways of acting. If you always walk around all day saying, "I'm depressed. I'm depressed. My life is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Everything's horrible." Well, guess what you feel in 6 months? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] depressed. cuz you've hypnotized yourself into believing it. It works the exact same way with the language on the sales call. If you can get the person to be like, "I need to do this." Not just like, "Oh, I want to do this." Or, "I know I need this," rather than, "Oh, I think I need this." The difference in language by correcting their language produces a completely different response in that person. It makes them feel like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now I finally committed to something. This is a commitment now. It's not just a thought." So, number four, and this could be viewed as the most powerful one, and it's truth. We're in a society nowadays filled with liars and predators and child molesters and serial killers and salespeople in marketing telling you the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want to hear or lying to you just to get you to buy and take action. People value way more truth and honesty in this society than ever before. And that's why truth can be the best pattern erupt because it's something people are not used to. For example, I was coaching somebody yesterday and I was reviewing one of his calls, his objection handling specifically and the prospect told him, "Man, I I'm just I'm sorry he was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm sorry. I just I I can't promise anything to you now. Oh, boohoo. And the closer, he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up and he tried going straight into objection handling and obviously the prospect did not listen to anything he was saying cuz he was just in pure fear. So, how could we have pattern interrupted that with truth? I want you to try and figure it out yourself for 5 seconds. The prospect just said, "I'm sorry, man. I can't promise you anything to the closer. What do you say?" The easiest way is you could literally just be like, "Well, man, I mean, are you promising it to me or are you promising it to yourself?" He's the one who wants to like get to that 20k month goal at the end of the day. Now, the prospect has to be like, "Oh, well, it's me. It's me. It's me." And so now that you just shifted the focus back to it's my responsibility in the prospect's mind. Again, that's going to create a completely different reaction in terms of what he has to do because now he understands he's the one who's responsible. So if he understands I am responsible for my success, well now it's going to make you a lot more open to the reframes and the objection handling that the closer is about to do because you're no longer externalizing the responsibility. I'll give you one more example of truth. If somebody on a sales call says, "Oh man, I'm sorry. I just can't do this. Like I I can't lose the weight cuz like I have kids. I don't have time to go to the gym." And you go, "Well, man, can I can I offer a perspective?" And they say, "Yes." And it's like, "Your kids can't be the reason why you want to lose the weight and also the reason why you can't." Again, what is that? I'm just using truth to pattern interrupted because yes, he wants his kids to be the reason why he loses the weight, but they're also, well, at least that's what he's saying, the reason why he can't lose the weight. And so, because you use truth to point out this natural contradiction in the prospect's mind, now he has to sit for a second be like, "Wait, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that doesn't make sense." And what does that create again? A sktoma. Them realizing there's something that is obvious to everybody else, but not to me. which then does what? It makes it more suggestible, more open to new information. And what's the new information? The reframe, the objection link I'm about to use on it. Now, I hope this video is helpful. I'm on a mission to make sales education accessible to everybody because I mean, it changed my life more than I could describe. And I wanted to help change yours. So, in the description below, I'm going to put the link to a group I made where it has all of my sales scripts. It has live sales call recordings so you can see exactly how to implement it. It even has offers and influencers you could start selling for as soon as tomorrow, making commission regardless of your experience. I even do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] free coaching calls in there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ikhlasnawaz874 [2 likes]: Every time I book an offer analysis call with your team nobody shows up. Where do I go from here?
  2. @Arvindattri11 [1 likes]: Make a vedio on how to identify prospect personality type,btw thanks for droping these value bombs for free
  3. @WillMerwinn [1 likes]: Tryna see the interview with Raph haha
  4. @jackofallcontent6765 [1 likes]: The Africa bit is a tad racist😂😂 but great info tho
  5. @lerevofficial4683 [1 likes]: How does one even apply for a sales role..i tried looking for the website
  6. @Muskan.founder: It's masterclass

- How to Sell Using these Top Telephone Sales Techniques - The Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en hey you're probably here because you want to learn some of the top techniques for successfully selling on the phone and in this session we're going to talk about uh the pattern Interruption and the pattern Interruption is used whenever you sense that your prospect is is becoming irrational meaning they've stepped out of of of acting uh intentionally to acting out of an automatic reaction pattern and this happens typically because we mess up and we step into territory that every other salesperson does and we activate that that reaction pattern and so what we want to do is snap them out of it and get them out of that out of that place and we do that through there's a series of different types of questions you can ask and things that you can say to be able to do it but basically it gets them in a place where now they have to think on their feet and they're going to respond to you in a in a way that is you can have an an adult to adult qu uh conversation and this is key whenever you're whenever you're making phone calls especially because the more that the more that the that the buyer seller wall is up um the more that you're going to need to use this this tactic in order to get that down because guys like the bottom line is you'll never sell anybody so long as that buyer seller wall is up and you'll never sell anybody based on interest you have to create pain and you have to get to the root of what the real problem is when you're dealing with your prospects and if you've watched the previous couple videos the the one of the most famous ones that that I talk about is um when somebody's giving you a hard time and you're making a cold call is to say to them hey Mike this is a cold call uh you probably hate getting them as much as I hate having to do them because nobody else is doing anything like that it's all about doing something that somebody else isn't doing obviously maintaining your professionalism but it it just it snaps them out of that that that whole process C that they're going I have four kids I use a pattern interrupt with my kids all the time when they're going down a set way of acting and behaving this become automatic and habitual I do something to snap them out of it and that's the exact same thing that we want to do with our prospects so if you want to have more tips and get really in depth stuff in terms of how to use the pattern interrupt how to how to effectively use questioning techniques and reverse cell techniques and all that stuff click the link below get registered and I will get you on in the inside and get you some really good worldclass training and and help you make this career successful we'll see you on the inside thanks

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacquelineporter6127: Great Content

- NLP Technique: Pattern Interrupts You Can Use to Make More Sales: Kind: captions Language: en hey there it's john benson and this is a picture of the most influential creative and persuasive genius alive you shocked you surprised well keep watching and i'll reveal how this monkey ended up making tens of millions of dollars in the weight loss space first that was a pattern interrupt that was a true story i'll tell you more about that in a moment and i'm john benson and this is sales copy secrets [Music] welcome back and this my friend is nlp pad interrupts made so simple even a monkey could do it almost almost a monkey it well we'll get more into the monkey in just a moment so you're in the right place if you are a zookeeper no i'm kidding you're in the right place if you are a copywriter or a marketer or anyone wanting to improve their copywriting skills or perhaps even start a copywriting business or make more money online you are in the right place now i won't just stick around until the very end don't do the watch the three minutes and go to the next video you know attention span of a gnat kind of stuff no don't do that first of all it's not friendly to the algorithm but more importantly to you i'm going to give you a tool at the end of this video i want to show it to you too for free that's going to allow you to create pattern interrupts using nothing but stories it's a very cool little tool that i designed just for you you're going to get it for free stick around and while you're sticking around if i've earned your like i have to earn it if i've earned your like if i've earned your trust if i've earned your enthusiasm i want you to pulverize the like button i want you to share this video with a friend please help this channel grow subscribe and do me a favor leave a comment below so what is a pattern intro a pattern interrupt is an nlp technique usually used at the very beginning of a video sales letter to scratch the disk of your prospect's brain to snap them into a heightened state of curiosity and attention by giving their subconscious mind something to chew on and the cool thing about pattern interrupts is they basically demand resolution they demand that you have to solve this your brain is going to stick around until they get the answer to how did that monkey make tens of millions of dollars why why is that monkey more creative than most people i know well you gotta stick around to find out now don't you yeah you do you know once you open a loop like this in a pattern interrupt prospects will stick around just for this you know the getting the interrupt solved so they can get it out of their mind man it's going to go around and around they'll be going to bed that night going what was the monkey that's kind of cool and it's a great way to get people to watch your video and you are living proof of this i mean you are sitting here watching this incredibly incredibly stupidestly good looking man really really really ridiculously good looking primarily because you're really curious about the monkey bit right and you probably want to know a little bit about nlp or neuro-linguistic programming as well because you want to improve your conversions and sales and that's cool too so i'll tell you more about the monkey in just a moment oh god i'm cruel aren't i first let's dive into pattern interrupts now there are many types of pattern interrupts the most famous is the one i made famous in the very first video sales letter which i created bsl's in case you don't know and the first video sales letter was for the book the every other day diet and the pattern interrupt went something like this hey my name is john and this is my magic jacket and this jacket helped me lose over 68 pounds of life-threatening fat that's how i opened the vsl now i call that type of interrupt a non-sequitur interrupt because it doesn't appear at first glance that a jacket has much to do with weight loss unless it is some sort of weighted jacket or some sort of thermal jacket what the hell is this jacket all about and most certainly you have no idea what i'm talking about when it comes to a monkey being this persuasive genius you have no clue what i'm talking about and that's what makes pattern interrupts so fun and so sticky but there are many other types of pattern interrupts i'm going to cover them briefly here i'm going to plan to do videos on each one of these so i can dive a lot deeper into them one is called the three questions interrupt and to be honest with you this is not really an nlp pattern interrupt this is much more of a normal corporatey kind of interrupt but they are still very effective especially if you're talking more corporate sales more b2b sales and you don't want to be so mysterious and internet markety if that is a is that a word let's make that word and the three questions interrupt is basically this you start with three questions you say are you interested in this do you want to avoid this and would you like an answer that is blank those are the three questions pretty simple what are we doing here we're doing duality aren't we we're doing pool you want something good push we want something bad and curiosity question that's all there is to the three questions interrupt another type of pattern interrupt is what i call the middle of the story interrupt and that is very commonly used in movies and episodic television you'll see for example a tv show that you follow it will come in often in the middle of a conversation or a movie will start in the middle of a scene you have no idea where they're going a middle of something that hasn't happened yet and then they go three weeks earlier right a few moments later well that is a middle of the story interrupt and one of my most famous was one i wrote for a supplement company called on it and it started off with she walked through my front door a shattered woman well obviously you need to know the context of what follows that to have that make any sense at all but it immediately grabs your attention because it's like well it just comes out of nowhere and those are very very powerful if you know how to use them correctly chris a dot is a great friend and a great bsl writer he uses these all the time another type is called the quiz interrupt and i think i probably pioneered this one too but not sure about it i do know that it was one of my more successful weight loss offers can you guess which one of these seven foods is the worst food for your thyroid the worst ice cream a banana steak a potato broccoli milk or eggs which one i'll give you the answer in just a few minutes and it will shock you and it ends up being that broccoli is the answer to that so it's kind of cool and i don't reveal that answer as you might imagine for about 20 minutes then there's the story interrupt where you show a picture of someone and you say you're not gonna believe how this guy got on a cover of a fitness magazine and it's a very simple story interrupt it's similar to the interrupt that i just used where i said hey there's this monkey that's super creative and but that's also a non-sequitur interrupt so you can combine these techniques and finally one of my favorites especially for short videos is a time stamp interrupt where you start off if you watch this video until the 3 minute and 17 second mark i'm going to reveal blank and what's important about that is that they can't skip so you have to disengage the controls and so obviously this doesn't work for some ad mediums and doesn't work for some platforms like facebook etc they wouldn't like that too much google wouldn't like it too much but if you're sending affiliate traffic or you're wanting a quick hit this is a good one now today i'm going to cover the most popular probably the most famous of these pattern interrupts and that is the non-sequitur interrupt and i'm going to teach you how to do this by giving you a cool little tool that i call the nightmare interrupt map and you can look below you can download that for free look below look look i'm gonna do this right now i'm gonna actually open the nightmare interrupt map and we're gonna go over it together so i can show you how it works and you can download your own copy after this video cool all right here we are at the john benson's nightmare interrupt matt tm tm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and there's really two parts to this two see i'm doing two hands here set up in the story but each of those parts have different parts as you might imagine so let's look at this we have the setup and i'm going to ask four questions it was what october 29 1997. pretty simple i was with steve i feel like eddie izzard i was with steve at the time i was on the moon with steve how did you feel i felt fat bloated depressed i'm writing three words you could write ten it doesn't matter i'm just giving you how to think through things and form a story and finally what were you wearing now the funny thing is is that's the one question where most people go why does it matter what i was worried in my case what i was wearing became the thing and i'm going to show you what i mean in just a moment now in each of these steps of the setup i'm going to ask you to get more specific i want you to put current events around the first one for example what else happened on october 29 1997. i actually had to look it up uh my birthday was weeks before i didn't have to look that up the stock market crashed i didn't remember that and it was sleeting and cold that's what i did remember but i would not have put sleeting and cold down here which became a major part of my story actually had i not asked myself what was the current events what was going on currently and i'm going to show you quickly steve i connected him to i knew he had a camaro he had a cd of soundgarden we were listening to soundgarden on the way home and what is this like here's a different question so connected is a different question obviously how is steve connected what's the connections to steve that's the question i asked so in other words what things do i think of when i think of steve and the next question is a little bit different when i say i'm fat i'm bloated i'm depressed what is that like well what else is fat bloated and depressed well a beast whale is fat and bloated an overinflated balloon is bloated vincent van gogh was depressed so i just wrote i'm just writing things out and this is how you think creatively it's such a cool technique this will help you think and find these non-sequitur images and think more creatively for your storytelling and finally i was wearing a black leather jacket pretty straightforward except for one detail it was oversized because i kept getting these extra extra extra large jackets because i was obese at the time and i hated the way i looked so i thought the bigger the jacket the more i could hide and that ends up being very important in my story okay back over here to the current events what does this connect to so birthday weeks before stock market crash leading a cold connected to the market crash days before and my body was going with it so in other words how do i connect my condition to something up here like i was turning how old i was turning i don't remember like let's say i was 35 i was turning 35 at the time and i felt like and it happened to be 35 pounds overweight so that's how you see how i'm connecting them i'm giving these little tips on how to tell an interesting story so i wrote the market crashed days before and my body seemed to be going with it and that worked perfectly so now we're going to pull a couple of images out of that and this is where you're going to find your potential pattern interrupt image and you can find a whole bunch of them as you can see there's a whole bunch of these here that i could have used so what is connected to these events current events and what i wrote so the market crashed so what's connected to the market well stock ticker okay my body was going with it okay what is it connected with that well i remember my birthday hat from up here so i'm pulling either here or here and i'm thinking of what image can i think of so i'm thinking of a stock ticker and a birthday hat if i asked you when i started this pattern interrupt exercise to think of a non-sequitur image related to weight loss a stock market ticker would not have leaped to your mind would it or a birthday hat but now you can see how this could be very enticing hey this is john and what you're watching here is the wall street stock market ticker one from 1945 let's let's even get even cooler what on earth does this ticker have to do with my weight loss success i'm going to reveal that in a moment what am i talking about did i did i buy some product that went up down in the stock market did i get rich in the stock market so i could afford a personal trainer you have no idea but this is what i'm talking about isn't that cool this is how it works guys and girls and monkeys now the same exercise i'm doing over here what is this connected to spoon man i thought of the song spoon man which is off the cd we were listening to and i say to myself so this very day spoon man reminds me of the fact that i was addicted so in my mind i was thinking okay spoon as in they're doing drugs or something so spoon man reminds me of the fact that i was addicted but i didn't need a spoon or anything illegal to fuel my addiction i was addicted to sugar see i didn't have to be a copywriting genius to come up with that i just had to say how do i make spoon man or sound garden connect to how i feel well at the time i'm feeling i was with steve and i here's how i felt so this is what i'm trying to do i'm trying to make a story out of this and by the way as you can tell this isn't just creating these images for me or potential images for pattern interrupts this is creating my story it's pretty cool so out of this i could have chosen a spoon that's a good one or a sound solid garden cd cover 1979 camaro so i just wrote a couple of things down but i could have chosen any of those okay and let's look at the final one here i asked my what is this like what does this feel like well a beast whale is also fat and bloated an over inflated balloon and vincent van gogh is depressed so here's what i wrote how do i connect this how do i make that connected to me my stomach looked like i had a huge balloon under my shirt an over inflated balloon i could have said i was a graphic artist at the time and my mental state reminded me of another artist vincent van gogh but i believe it or not i wrote all of this during this exercise because my original letter didn't sound anything like this i wanted to show you how easy i could rewrite it at a drop of the hat using this exact formula you're welcome and then finally i wrote down i hope steve didn't have a knife in his car because vincent van gogh cut off his own ear so what am i thinking of when i look at this well i'm thinking of an over inflated water hot water balloon that would make an interrupt image i could use a knife that would be a little dark so i didn't use it vincent van gogh would be an interrupt image you get our balloon would be an interrupt image i could use any of this any of these would be interrupt images and i'm going to cover briefly how you could write the story i know i'm giving a little extra credit on this and giving a little more than i promised you on the thumbnail hope that you don't mind i'm going to tell you how to create a quick story just really four simple elements i want you to think of an opening a bad part a really bad part and an independence moment now there's a little bit more in my original nightmare story formula that's found in now bsl you can get that below and all the slides are filled out there's a lot more stuff that can help you write this stuff but i wanted to give it to you as much as i could here cool the opening is just what happened first well we pulled into convenience store to get some donuts and i needed a sugar fix this is all in my original story so what image pops out of there well donuts right right it pops out immediately the problem is if i said hey john and this is donuts and these donuts help me lose 85 pounds it might be too like controversial mean people might be thinking oh i'm going to put them on a fast food diet and people who are health-conscious at all wouldn't like that on the other hand it would have been very very attractive to people that were addicted to fast food i just didn't want to do that because i didn't want to give that impression the next question is the next part rather is the bad part and what happened next is the question so what happened first what happened next i saw two prostitutes that was out they were outside they were shivering in cold and i went to find donuts inside the store and then i realized i left my wallet in my office all that really happened and so would it i could have pulled up prostitutes but that wouldn't have gone over very well at all so i pulled out wallet and then finally the bottom moment is the really bad part where did you hit rock bottom in this story and i hit rock bottom in a vicious way i stole the donuts because i didn't want to go back and get my wallet so my my jacket was so big and i was so fat at the time that i could stuff like packages of donuts in there and no one the guy walked in saw me when i walked in didn't notice anything so another element of the story left out at me i mentioned again the oversized black leather jacket i mentioned it twice now so guess what black jacket black jacket i got my interrupt image look at this and then the interrupt image is formed by this and this is super important so i got my black jacket but you need to ask yourself a question what is the dream solution what would be your ideal perfect dream with reality not even in the picture how would you like to achieve success so there's the reason i'm doing this is because i want to call it something so my dream of a weight loss plan in this case would be that it'd be instant like i could snap my fingers it would be easy it works like magic i could snap my fingers flexible fun and i wanted to look like brad pitt i really i remember writing all this stuff down like hey i want to look like brad pitt in fight club specifically and then all i did was take in magic john and this is my magic i could have said john and this is my brad pitt jacket it still would have worked perfectly because you would have been thinking like what the hell is brad pitt jacket that that might even been better okay is that no way just a second what about the monkey john what about the monkey i know your brain is going what about the monkey john well here's the story behind the monkey there was this super intelligent incredibly handsome strong vibrant virile and above all modest copywriter that was living in malibu california at the time and his significant other made a little ethical bribe to him and said hey i know how much you want a monkey i tell you what if you write a winner for this weight loss offer meaning i'll write the number one offer we'll get a monkey i was so excited by that because i wanted a monkey all my freaking life i was so excited i sat down and wrote the letter in a day no edits at all i don't recommend this by the way i don't recommend writing without edits and having to write something in a day i was just that excited that damn monkey in my brain created a muse-like figure that allowed me to create one of the highest converting fitness offers at the time and to this very day it still does pretty well so i think that's a pretty cool story that little monkey in my brain became the muse became the inspiration became what inspired me to write things faster and better than i've written up until that time than ever before in my life well there i closed the loop are you happy i'm not because i still don't have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] monkey alright this has been nlp pattern interrupts made so simple a monkey could almost do it almost do it so now you know how to use the nightmare interrupt map and it's yours for free isn't that cool on creating interrupts that are non-sequitur meaning you're getting these weird images but also to tell a really cool story and this is going to help you secure those first seven seconds of attention that are super vital and you can hang on to that attention throughout most of your video sales letter and that's super important to secure attention rather than just get it it's one thing to get attention but you got to secure it you got to keep laying down loops we're going to talk about how to do that later in other videos so that you secure that attention you you anchor it so people just will stick around feeling like they're compelled to do it beyond their control that's not true by the way but it feels that way and you have access to that map down below grab it today any copywriter can use this any online marketer anyone interested in improving their copywriting skills this map and this training is going to come in really handy in the next video i'm going to talk about how you can take a pain point and magnify it using no lies 100 ethically magnify the problem so large that your prospect almost is forced to take action that very moment how handy would that skill be for you and hey if you haven't watched my other persuasion challenge videos they're in this series do look below because the entire series is going to help you become a much better copywriter and a much better marketer so remember like share subscribe comment below leave me something friendly leave me something constructive say something out of the blue i don't care use a non-sequitur interrupt post them below and until next time i'm jon benson and i'm here to help make you unignorable you

  Top Comments:
  1. @HopfenBoyz [4 likes]: I‘ve maybe commented 5 times in my life on YouTube... But this time I feel like it’s nothing but appropriate: AMAZING video.

Rarely get the impression that a 20 min teaching might be able to change my life… but since I kinda felt that here, I wanted to thank you and pay my deference to this video.

100% gonna check out more of your stuff.
  2. @iCksidhu [2 likes]: 4:21 start here
  3. @AIAffiliator88 [2 likes]: This is underrated channel!
  4. @nybrad6969 [2 likes]: These videos are ridiculously valuable... you're a machine, Jon! And your voice man... 
Okay, so a pretty random question about structure?
Is there a standard about the use of ellipsis in copy? Sentence length?
  5. @raccoon874 [1 likes]: stopping at the 6 minute mark, get to the point or fuck off
  6. @moonchildastro [1 likes]: awesome stuff
  7. @souomeyer [1 likes]: Obrigado pelo conteúdo! 💎
  8. @marialindley8010 [1 likes]: Ok, but WHY didn't you end up getting the monkey?
  9. @sannimustapha4376 [1 likes]: Brain rush!!! 
This is so good, damn
  10. @shazmahussain3395 [1 likes]: you are genius and very creative love your every single video
  11. @rooseveltsecrease9865 [1 likes]: What do the Charles Darwin theory of evolution and the Nightmare Interrupt Map have in common? I'll reveal that to you in just a moment. 
I returned to the video page a broken man... 5 daze earlier on 8/25/2021, JB sent an exclusive email meant only for me to attend a webinar where he introduced Pattern Interrupt as part of his exclusive high-end consulting pkg with me. As a bonus for attending the webinar he offered a link to the Nightmare Interrupt Map. You see? There's the link above... No, up there... Look up there. As I stated, that was on 8/25/2021. On 8/30/2021 at 2:01am 5 days after the invitation arrived in my inbox, I opened the email and excitedly clicked the link that connected me to the webinar. From the edge of my seat I listened as JB explained Pattern Interrupt, then excitedly rushed to download the Nightmare Interrupt Map dreaming of the possibilities, I clicked the link... I returned to the video page to... well, this is where you discover what Charles Darwin and the Nightmare Interrupt Map have in common....
  12. @googleruinedyoutubeforever: im confused...how does story and set-up connect at the end? do they both need to end with the same image (jacket?).... Setup is to get the image..and story is to build copy(story)?
  13. @kennytrimm6234: Here
  14. @wolverineforce2068: Fist 20 seconds 😂🤝🏼
  15. @dhagegopal: Hey Jon, super content. I was not able to connect the independent/moral of the story part.. great if you can explain..
  16. @israrmalik4336: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ magical stufff
  17. @freddy-rebooted: this is FASCINATING. I am learning to become a marketer and just learning to script my on-camera message to my ideal customer. I knew NLP could be used in marketing but have yet to meet someone who could explain it in depth and with positive upbeat energy. Do you have a course on this specifically?
  18. @ÆNONxSRLOSCO: Diamonds are forever....
Lol ❤😂 That's a pattern interrupt right there...
Thanks for this video I'll be binging your channel now
  19. @MrOnioncookie: Okay, but monkeys, especially chimps are dangerous as pets. 

It was probably for the best.
  20. @gustavoguerra3691: uauu!! very good

- Using Pattern Interrupt as an effective presentation tool.: Kind: captions Language: en language in the age of the iPhone and the smartphones how long does the average per worker corporate executive how long can they work at a task before they feel the impulse to switch and do something new what do you think that how long do you think that impulse lasts before we go you know what I'm going to put this email aside what's Facebook doing five minutes nine minutes three minutes three minutes is what they found three minutes we can do a task before we feel the impulse two I'm gonna call my wife not a lot of time and guess what it's not getting better it's not going to get better it's going to get worse another study more important to all of us is one that was done at Indiana University to find out how about people listening to a presentation listening to a lecture listening to a meeting listening to a sermon in church how long can they go before they're listening and all of a sudden I don't want to listen anymore I'm thinking about dinner I'm thinking about the next session I have to go to what do you think they found for someone listening to a class a sermon a speech or presentation luckily it's longer than three minutes seven minutes 15 to 20. there's your answer 15 to 20. here's the bad news though how many of you do longer presentations in 50 to 20 minutes right so what's the what do we have in our tool belt in our Arsenal uh performance-based tools what do we have that can overcome that obstacle yeah so I don't know if this is on the sheep but write these two words down pattern interrupt you ever heard that term before a so that's your secret weapon to keep an audience engaged what's a pattern interrupt you set it up here but how about in the back what's the definition of a pattern interrupt yes a change up changing something in the messaging something in the delivery so what are some of the the pattern interrupts or change it UPS that some of you use in your presentations in your communication that work pretty well yes there's a good one ask a question go to the audience what's the question you know make it interactive a dialogue not a monologue what else using your voice sure you know monotone you know monotone in The Voice you can't engage an audience if everything is like this and I'm talking like this the whole time and this is how it's going to go for the next hour and I'm if there's a video or something yeah vid change the visual change the visual there's another pattern interrupt change speakers guess what we got to hear you we got to hear you we got to hear other people coming up and and doing not me anymore so what happens is those pattern interrupts reset the clock for you gives you another 15 to 20 minutes for your audience is with you break people up into teams breakout groups that's a good way to keep your audience engaged pattern interrupt pattern interrupt pattern interrupt pretty soon the day will be done they didn't even realize it was over because they were having so much fun the ones that are no good somebody comes in with their PowerPoint they plug in they go to their first slide and it's an hour two hours of just slide after slide after slide okay pattern interrupt engage that audience keep them with you

- Give Me 8 Minutes And I’ll DELETE Your Fear Of Public Speaking: Kind: captions Language: en so has anyone ever told you that the fear of public speaking can go away if you just be confident smile sit up straight well to me that advice is absolute BS because it doesn't get at the underlying issue what is fear itself and how do we Channel it in the right way so if you stick around for these next few minutes I will give you the techniques that no one really talks about to delete your fear of speaking for good present it your best self and get that raise those promotions those opportunities that you deserve hey I'm Preston chin and I help people speak brilliantly when they're put on the spot at work so make sure to like this video And subscribe to the channel let's get into it so the first thing to realize is that fear is the same as excitement physiologically they're exactly the same you have the same racing heart the same sweaty Palms the same tight chest the same trembly voice whether you're excited or fearful the only difference is what your brain tells you because when you're afraid your brain says run away but when you're excited your brain says give me more so the question becomes how do we actually Channel our fear into excitement and it's not what you might think it's not well just be calm or well just make sure to breathe deeply with certain exercises or perhaps it's let's just make sure to sit up straight stand up tall and make sure that you lower your voice the problem with these techniques is that they're addressing what I call surface level challenges surface level challenges because they just affect how you physically are but if you're not addressing the root cause what I call Deep level challenges then you're going to still feel fearful when you actually start speaking so what you need to do is take the time before you get ready to speak to actually adjust your mindset so to delete your fear of speaking there are two techniques that you need to do consecutively the first is the pattern Interruption and then you combine that with the grounding vision ual now let me explain what a pattern Interruption is this is simply a redirection it redirects your brain from feeling that fear all those emotions to a specific task that you can focus on right so some people like to countdown they like to go 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 and that way it just focuses them ever so briefly on a set of numbers versus Their Fear and more importantly it clears their prefrontal cortex that part of the brain that processes all those emotions and it allows your prefrontal cortex to internalize that grounding visual next but let me say the countdown is one technique my favorite one personally is to recite the lyrics of my favorite song so here's me doing it as a demonstration my favorite song is Renegade by Eminem and Jay-Z and if I Bob my head to the beat of the song I immediately feel a bit more perform formative I start to become more playful and just that act of reenacting my favorite song allows me to Pivot my focus from the fear to something completely different so I might do something like this never been afraid to say what's someone mind at any given time a day cuz I'm a renegade never been afraid to holla about anything anything anything anything now to be clear don't do this in front of other people find a quiet room and do this privately and then when you do that you're ready for the second thing which which is internalizing your grounding visual so what's a grounding visual a grounding visual is simply a clear visual that gets you grounded in something that you're excited about let me further explain that with a quick example so I'm coaching a senior director at a media company who wants to build a better relationship with her executive just about a month ago she works really well with him he likes how responsive she is but she feels like he views her as purely transactional they haven't built up enough trust to where he sees her as an equal thought partner and furthermore she wants to be on his team so she wants to build more of a relationship with him but is nervous about approaching him for lunch so I say why don't we do this close your eyes and I want you to do a grounding visual I want you to visualize what is he actually saying to you in his own words after you've had that lunch with him so she closes her eyes and she says three things she's saying he's saying thank you so much for reaching out to me for lunch he's also saying it's great to get to know you more from a personal level and he's saying I'm excited to work more with you on other projects in the future and she felt really excited about him saying that so for you what is that ideal outcome that you have after that really scary interview that negotiation that presentation and the key to making this actually work is to make it a visual I want you to close your eyes and actually visualize exactly in his or her words what are they saying to you word for word how are they approaching you are they shaking your hand are they giving you a be hug are they lighting up and smiling at you if you focus on that level of detail not just at a high level oh he's excited to see me but actually feeling it feeling it through that visual you will ground yourself in success versus let your brain spiral off into a panic attack now one of the hard Parts about this grounding visual is that it can be really hard to actually visualize what is that ideal outcome how do you actually know what they're going to say or predict what they might say well the key is to do this bonus exercise which is what I call the no field do you write down three simple statements the first statement simply says I want my audience to know blank by the end of our meeting right what is that key piece of information you want them to know the second thing you write down is I want my audience to feel blank after my meeting right do you want them to feel feel confident in you excited about the opportunity optimistic about what you've shared eager to move forward what is that emotion that you want them to feel and the third thing you write down is I want my audience to blank by the end of this meeting and that is a key action right for example do you want them to Advocate on your behalf do you want them to go to their boss and ask for input do you want them to come up to you and connect with you on LinkedIn what is it that you want them to do immediately after the more concrete you can get the more likely you are to reverse engineer success but to see how this actually works I'm going to take you to a quick video that I did right before I was speaking in front of more than 300 sales reps and this is exactly how I was able to calm my nerves and perform at my best let's segue to that scene hey y'all it's Preston I'm here in San Francisco a little bit nervous because I'm going into a big presentation with about 300 reps that I'm going to speak to about how they can partner with us how we can make more money together and I have a lot of time but I know I need to be polished and so what am I going to do I'm going to go in there knowing exactly what I want them to know what I want them to feel what I want them to do by the end of my talk with them that's going to be what anchors me that's going to get me through this and um I know it's normal to feel the butterflies but as long as I come out authentic with goal in mind no script I'll be good so there's one Nuance to this you don't want to just jump into the pattern Interruption and try to come up with a grounding visual on the spot instead come up come up with the grounding visual first understand it deeply internalize it and then as you get closer to that important presentation meeting interview you then introduce the pattern Interruption and then right when your prefrontal cortex is ready it's clear you then jump right into that grounding Visual and you'll see major results if you want you can also focus on anchoring yourself to the key emotion information and action that you'd like your audience to do at the end of your talk but if there's one thing I hope you remember it's that you can't just think about getting rid of your fear by telling yourself the fear is no longer there by forcing yourself to smile to set up to be confident because that's not how our brain works when we tell our brains that we're going to be confident we actually become more anxious we're smarter than that so give those tips a try I know you're going to crush it and make sure to subscribe to My Weekly Newsletter where I go way more in depbt on communication topics just like this so that you can succeed at work but have you ever struggled with impromptu to speaking at work not knowing exactly what to say how to say it without sounding too scripted well if so then check out this video or I give you a clear framework to helping you speaking confidently whenever you're put on the spot I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @KHAN-eu3dc [9 likes]: Another useless anxiety video with lots of words and saying nothing. Something about “grounding visual”? What the hell does that mean
  2. @bambamgucci288 [3 likes]: Underrated
  3. @TimothyOnyikwa [2 likes]: May God bless you☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☯️☪️
  4. @mohibquadri177 [2 likes]: Why is it tough for Fresher's to settle in new company and earn respect faster as some say initial period is hard to prove ourself our worth..how to tackle such situation and get in control at workplace without being anxious about our job security & proving worth so that boss doesn't think of treating harshly.. which books might help in understanding it apart from your tips...
  5. @yilmadellelegnabebe4825 [1 likes]: Preston, doable tips even for a newbie! Thanks bro!
  6. @WrongVsWright [1 likes]: Great video bro
  7. @tungle3635 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! 

Can you do another video elaborating on the last tip? Also it would be nice if you can provide more than one example of how you apply this tip, thanks!
  8. @Bayareasumahomes: link is not working...just thought of informing you.wonderful info
  9. @vrittascientist: Thanks for sharing

- Culture By Design: Transforming Workplaces One Brain Pattern Interrupt at a Time (Content Sample): Kind: captions Language: en It happens all the time at work. People will come up to us with their drama. It happened to me all the time. The water cooler talk. You ever heard this? Hey, have you heard about Staca? Have you heard about Station Stephanie? Have you heard about them or what they're getting into? I would look at them dead into the windows of their soul and say, "Hey, speaking of Station Stephanie, what's the best thing that's happened to you today?" And they would look at me as confused as most of you have been looking at me for the last 15 minutes. What's that have to do with Staca and Stephanie? I said, "Not a dang thing, because I don't care about Staca and Stephanie and the drama they're getting into. I care about you and the best thing that's happened to you today." So, what is it now? One of two things typically happen as a result of that interaction. One, people stop coming to me with their bull crap. Or two, people stopped coming to me at all. Either way, guess who was smiling? A whole lot more. The truth of the matter is this. If everybody in this world has been through it, is currently going through it or will inevitably go through it then the bulk of any day the probability of the individuals that we cross path with or connect with that they aren't present and rather reside in their head thinking about where they've been worried about where they're at or anticipating where they're about to be is very very high. So how do we break that cycle? Well, I think it starts with this concept of fun. By a show of hands, who here feels like you could afford to have a little more fun in life? If your hand isn't up right now, believe me, you could afford to have a little more fun in life. What gets in your way from having fun? No answers wrong. Shout it out proudly, please. Oh my goodness. I heard time. I heard somebody say money. But the most powerful and perhaps the most important one to me personally was a gentleman over here. Somebody said me. Who was that? Sir, what's your name? >> Gerardo. >> Gerardo, can I give you this book? Come on up. Let's hear for Gerardo. Thanks, brother. Appreciate that. Thank you, sir. So, Gerardo said, "Me." Now, let me be clear. I uh I've done close to a thousand presentations in my life. This is my job. I have seen thousands of speakers in my life. And you know what I despise? What I can't stand? When a speaker gets up on stage and they say things like, "You want the key to life? You want more joy, fun, and fulfillment in all that you do? You want to create an unbeatable culture?" The answer was inside of you all along. It is the absolute truth. We cannot control what everybody else is doing. All we can control is how we show up and respond to the challenges that we face. And if we lead or lean into not my definition of fun, because you might be looking at me and saying, "If bow tie and Jordans are the definition of fun, count me out because I'm not about that life." I'm not asking you to be me. What I'm asking you to identify in our time together is what does fun look like for you? And as we progress through this journey, it also supplies us a framework. A framework to create more meaningful interactions with the present, with others, and ourselves.

- Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en fred miller knows what public speaking that got your attention didn't it you weren't expecting it it's called a pattern interrupt and we can apply that same concept of doing something different that really grabs your attention from what you're expecting to your elevator speech most people follow the same formula and that's okay so if you want people to remember you and remember what you said who you are and what you do try something a little bit different stand out from the crowd kind of like this here's another example so the next time somebody says uh who are you what do you do answer their question by asking them one here's an example i'm going to answer your questions by asking you one have you ever been to an event and you're watching and listening to the speaker and you're thinking to yourself well that guy's good i mean he is really good he's articulate authentic very entertaining obviously the guy has a passion for what he's doing and i'm i'm getting a lot out of this presentation man i wish i could do that i'm the guy they hire to develop practice and deliver elevator speeches like that you you probably don't know anyone who wants to improve their public speaking presentation skills do you well of course they do they might be the person but that's just real different the next time somebody says who are you and what do you do ask them a question try that and i guarantee your next elevator speech will be absolutely positively no sweat [Music]

- This is How You Can Counteract Negative Thoughts (Morning Routine): Kind: captions Language: en and so what I tend to do is I have these negative thoughts and throughout my day I push them to the side I push them away I push them away I push them away and so the moment I wake up I haven't built any barriers yet so what happens they come flooding back into my mind first thing in the morning does anyone have a morning routine to start the day I get bombarded with negative thoughts the moment I wake up I get bombarded with negative thoughts does the day off we're going to talk about is what to do if you wake up in the morning and you're bombarded with negative thoughts so the first thing to understand is that early morning Awakening and a very very high amount of negative thoughts first thing in the morning are the most is one of the most specific signs for a mood disorder and especially a depressive episode so let's explain that for a second what do I mean by specific signs so in medicine we have certain things that are sensitive in certain things that are specific so things that are sensitive are things that people are likely to have if they have a particular disease but they're not very specific so I'll give you all an example let's look at something like concentration difficulties concentration difficulties are not specific to depression so so if I have difficulty with concentrations I could have a major depressive episode I could have ADHD I could be high on a substance I may be physically ill I may have schizophrenia there are all kinds of reasons why I would have difficulty with concentration so that's not a specific sign for depression early morning Awakening and especially having lots of negative thoughts early in the morning is pretty specific even low mood throughout the day for example can be common in in grief or it can be common in things like even cancer for example physical illnesses but specifically waking up very early in the morning we're talking 4 AM 5 a.m 6 a.m with a mind that's running very very high on negative thoughts it's like you wake up and you're bombarded with negative thoughts can actually be a specific sign of depression so when I'm evaluating patients for depression one of the things that I'll ask them is like okay so you're feeling sad and down about yourself and things like that what time of the day do you feel that and the more they feel it kind of first thing in the morning especially if they wake up at 5am that makes me really concerned about a clinical illness so if you fall into that camp I'd highly recommend that you get clinically evaluated that being said there are a lot of people who wake up first thing in the morning with a lot of negative thoughts now that doesn't necessarily mean that you have a clinical illness there are other reasons why we kind of do that so now what we're going to talk about is understand a cup a little bit about what's going on in the mind when you wake up with negative thoughts and what to do about it so sometimes we worry about stuff and when we worry about stuff it's kind of hard to deal with it right so I don't know if this kind of makes sense but worrying about stuff doesn't necessarily solve problems so if I'm anxious about something and I'm thinking oh my God like are people going to invite me to the party are they not going to invite me the party I can think about it I can think about it I can think about it and at the end of those thoughts let's say an hour later is my anxiety been resolved have things been fixed no they haven't right so worrying about things in the moment sometimes doesn't actually fix problems if it did fix problems no one would have anxiety like or everyone with anxiety would have perfect lives because worrying about stuff if it actually fix stuff like that would be great the first thing to understand about worrying and especially worrying first thing in the morning it doesn't necessarily do anything so why do we do it we do it because our brain is concerned about a couple of things it's warning us about a couple of things or sometimes we have negative self-attitude so we're thinking negative things about ourself and then normally what happens or not normally but what happens nowadays is when we start to have negative thoughts we tend to distract ourselves from them so since thinking about them doesn't actually solve the problem what we end up doing is distracting ourselves this becoming easier and easier with the availability of technology so once I start browsing social media I can distract myself from my negative thoughts I can watch something I can play something I can do all kinds of different stuff to distract myself from these negative thoughts and when I distract those negative thoughts what happens to them they actually go dormant they don't get fixed right so if I lack self-esteem or I'm worried that people aren't going to invite me to a party and I spend four hours playing a particular video game at the end of those four hours those thoughts come back and so then what happened if we think about our days our days become filled with distraction so now I'm going to play games for four hours I stopped for a second the negative thoughts come back and now I need to do something else so I distract myself in another way I distract myself in another way sometimes I distract myself with work sometimes I distract myself I even will socialize right so even if I feel like I'm gonna be alone for the rest of my life and I have a group of buddies and we're all going to go out drinking tonight I can go do some fun stuff but I never deal with the problem and so what I tend to do is I have these negative thoughts and throughout my day I push them to the side I push them away I push them away I push them away and so the moment I wake up I haven't built any barriers yet so what happens they come flooding back into my mind first thing in the morning so how do we deal with this what should we not do and what should we do so the first thing to not do if you wake up with negative thoughts in the morning is use any kind of technology so it's so easy because Tech is so good at this stuff suppression of our amygdala in our limbic system which is our emotional circuitry our fear Center so social media memes video games Reddit whatever if I watch some kind of technology or engage in some kind of Technology it'll suppress my emotional circuitry the worst thing about a lot of social media is that even if it suppresses your circuitry in the short term over the long term it actually worsens your mental health so there's been studies that show that the more time you spend on social media things like Facebook or Instagram or Reddit or whatever the worse your mental health becomes over time and that taking a break or reducing your social media or technology usage improves mental health over time now the challenge though is that's overtime right I I'd put it to you this way let's say that there's even data that shows that for example having two drinks a week two alcoholic beverages a week correlates with improvements in mental health and some people are really confused by that they're like how is how can drinking help with your mental health and it turns out there's a confounding variable what kind of person drinks two drinks a week what is the setting in which you have two drinks a week it's almost always social so once a week I'm gonna go meet up with a friend I know my limit so I'm gonna have like two beers with dinner we're gonna hang out for a while and then we're gonna go our separate ways I'm gonna go to bed on time it's not like we're out there getting hammered so two drinks a week actually correlates with social social activity and that's what's responsible for the Improvement in mental health and if we go to 10 drinks a week 12 drinks a week 15 drinks a week then our mental health gets worse and worse and worse and social media in that same way when we use it temporarily if I'm having a really rough week and I spend two hours a week playing video games to kind of distract myself kind of cool off a little bit after a tense day that can actually be helpful because I want to suppress those emotional circuits because the rest of the week I'm actually dealing with my problems but as technology uses Rises and Rises and rises even though it's suppressing in the short term it can make things worse in the long term so if you have negative thoughts first thing in the morning most important thing is don't slip into technology usage because what that's going to do is push it away and then it'll come roaring back later second thing and this is going to sound kind of weird is don't try to fix the problem when you're feeling bad and y'all may be kind of confused by that you're like what do you mean don't isn't like when am I supposed to like fix the problem so let's understand this is really important so let's say I've got negative thoughts and I wake up first thing in the morning and here are my four negative thoughts and so what we can do in the mind is we can engage with negative thoughts right so let's say I'm let me just trying to find something uh like an example so let's say that I wake up in the morning and I think to myself no one really cares about me okay so that's this thought and then what I do is I start thinking okay no one really cares about me and then I start thinking about it well like or I'm feeling really lonely let's say let's say I'm feeling lonely okay and I start thinking about this thought of loneliness and then I think okay well like if I'm feeling lonely why don't I go and socialize let me call up a friend of mine but if you're in a negative frame of thought if this is the mindset that you're in when you think about Solutions what does your mind actually say oh people don't want to invite you right and you're like oh like and so even though you can try to solve the problem it's kind of like the more you engage with your negative thoughts and you start arguing with yourself and like the negative thoughts grow and grow and grow and let's say like you fight that thought for a little while you're like oh no I don't want to trust that people really do love me let me text someone so you text someone first thing in the morning hey you want to hang out this weekend at 9am and then they don't respond in 15 minutes then how do you feel they don't care about me does this make sense so oftentimes what we'll discover is that when you have morning and you engage with them these thoughts the more you engage with them the more they actually start to spiral and then you're kind of stuck in this like negative thought Loop where you're spiraling in negativity and this is the key thing to understand so when you wake up in the morning and you have negative thoughts you want to fix them but I don't know if this kind of makes sense but in that frame of mind you can't effectively fix them if that worked you we wouldn't be in this problem in the first place in fact engaging with those negative thoughts and trying to fix them in that moment actually makes things worse because you wake up and you think through that stuff you think you think you think you think you think and the more time you spend thinking the worse that you feel until eventually what happens is you hit the state of cognitive exhaustion where you're like ah and you get out of bed and you go grab your phone and then you distract yourself you push all the negative thoughts you push them to the side and now we're going to focus on this stuff in the middle we're going to focus on this stuff in the middle okay that's there we go we're gonna focus on the stuff in the Middle with distraction and then the second the distraction thought stops the thoughts are going to come rushing back so oddly enough don't try to fix things that's the second thing to be careful about third thing is avoid substances so this is this kind of goes back to this distracting thing and is almost in the same vein as um you know avoiding technology but be careful about things like getting high first thing in the morning and like getting high when you're feeling bad and like drinking and stuff like that because it's gonna just create more problems down the road down the line especially because substances are more likely to put you into a negative frame of mind where you can actually spiral so then the question is okay if I shouldn't use technology don't try to fix the problem and don't use substances what should I do first thing you should do is go for a walk so this is key when we're in this Frame of Mind where we've got some weird Thoughts The Right Move is to not engage with them and let them spiral but we what we actually want to do instead is kind of let them fizzle out so we don't want to distract ourselves by pushing them to the side but when we go for a walk or there are other things that you can do so what I would say is go for a walk or clean something there's this weird effect when we clean things or when we go for a walk is that like the thoughts don't we're not really pushing them away we're sort of letting them be there but we're not engaging with them and I don't know if you all have experienced this but like when you clean stuff and when you go for a walk your mind will start to wander so what sort of happens is the energy in the mind starts to kind of like dissipate you start just naturally thinking about like other stuff so now you've got two thoughts left that are bad but then you start thinking about other things right and then you've got like two kind of neutral thoughts and then as you keep walking what's going to happen is you're going to get one bad thought and then a couple good ones and then eventually that bad thought will go away and then you're just kind of like thinking about okay what do I need to do today and the key thing there is that in this moment you haven't engaged with the thoughts you can kind of think through them a little bit you're not going to try to solve them you're just going to let whatever you're going to let them kind of like it's almost like I don't know if you all have seen like a dog shaking off water after it's been in the rain or whatever but like that's kind of what we're doing in our mind anytime we clean or anytime we go for a walk the third thing to do with negative thoughts assign a time to deal with them so remember we said we don't want to fix them now but sometimes we have to address them but what we want to do is approach them from a clear head and methodically so this is like literally what happens in therapy so what's really cool about therapy and I've seen this this change a lot is that sometimes I'll notice a shift in my patients where they learn that they can take their negative thoughts they've got a box over here they wake up in the morning with negative thoughts here's day one here's day two and let's say here's day three when their boss gets mad at them and what they actually learn over time is they're like oh okay like I'm feeling bad right now I'm going to talk about this with Dr K on Thursday next day they wake up they're like I feel this way right now I'm gonna talk with Dr K about this on Thursday I'm feeling this way right now Thursday and then what happens when they come into my office is we're like cool okay let's break these walls down let's let all that crap out we're gonna let it all out and we're gonna kind of deal with it methodically one at a time and so what we can almost do is compartmentalize dealing with our problems and the key thing that when you when you assign a time is that when you're clear-headed you can actually fix stuff you'll get that the biggest problem here is that when we are emotionally active and we're not clear-headed it makes it even harder to fix the problems even though the problem seems so in our face when we let it set it down put it aside and then approach it with a clear head suddenly Things become so much easier and so one of the biggest advantages of therapy is is sure you can have a clinician who's trained in a bunch of stuff and that's fantastic don't get me wrong it's a great evidence-based intervention but half of the advantage of therapy is just learning how to compartmentalize and then approaching problems in sort of a calm way and the nice thing about a therapist is that you've got someone there who's going to keep you from spiraling and guide you in hopefully a productive manner but the major principle here is that assigning a time deal deal with them so then what I'm feeling pretty good about myself maybe before I have lunch I'm gonna sit down with a piece of paper and I'm gonna like think through those thoughts I'm gonna try to summon them I'm gonna pick one thing okay people don't like me okay and then let me try to socialize okay let me send a text and then even in that moment you're going to kind of acknowledge for a moment that okay like if I send a text they may not get back to me right away that's okay do I need to find and then when they don't when they don't respond if you're kind of really in a clear frame of mind do I need different friends instead of it suddenly being if they don't respond to you it's not a shortcoming of you it could be a shortcoming of them but when you're in this negative headspace and there are people who are neglectful of you in life it's never their fault because in this negative headspace in your spiral it's always your fault and so when you have morning I'd say very Simply Clean go for a walk don't use technology don't use substances and don't try to solve the problems instead assign a separate time where you're of clear ahead to approach whatever your concerns are and when people do this something magical starts to happen may not happen overnight but over time you'll have fewer and fewer and fewer negative thoughts in the morning because when we engage I don't know if this makes sense but when we engage with the negative thoughts in the morning we actually ramp them up do you all get that like one thought leads to another thought leads to another thought like this this grows when I start thinking these and then it grows and grows and grows and grows and grows and then I feel overwhelmed then what happens is if I'm engaging with my thoughts in the morning okay so I'll draw one last thing to illustrate this so I have four bad thoughts and then I engage with them and it becomes five six seven eight nine ten whatever and now here's the key thing when I distract myself and I push all these thoughts to the outside of my mind how many are left and now tomorrow morning when I wake up how many thoughts negative thoughts am I gonna have I have more than what I started with right and then I'm going to engage with these I'm going to create more and more and more and more and more and then I'm gonna have more the next day and more the next day and more the next day because I'm spending all this cognitive energy nothing is actually getting fixed so don't engage with your negative thoughts when you're a negative frame of mind set it aside for later and honestly when people start doing this when you start controlling how and when your mind thinks a particular way that's when your mind starts to get purified and last thing just to keep in mind is remember we started that sometimes earlier morning Awakening is actually a sign of a clinical illness so I'd recommend getting evaluated if you fall into that category if you found this video helpful check out Dr K's guide we've spent hundreds of hours writing and filming to help people understand their mind so that they can build the lives that they want so check out the link in the description below

  Top Comments:
  1. @HealthyGamerGG [83 likes]: Hey folks — Dr. K’s Healthy Gamer Coaching is a cutting-edge program tailored for the unique mental health needs of the internet generation. It can help with issues like lack of motivation, excessive procrastination, missing life purpose, repairing/building relationships, and more!  Sessions start at just $30.

You can learn more here: https://bit.ly/3FDSSDm
  2. @Imran-Lalani [3 likes]: I have intrusive thoughts/OCD/Anxiety.
  3. @darshan.1461: You are thought
  4. @fujiruzi3618: When I wake up 
I have no any direction 
I am overwhelmed 
Most of Youtube Videos say wake up early you are free from any feeling oh goad not true😮
  5. @ExecutionSommaire: 12:30 well I guess if I could actually say to myself "I'm going to talk to Dr K about this on Thursday", I would be doing pretty great haha
  6. @Isaacorgyt: What a great explanation, now i have like 5 years fighting with these habits. It seems and says easy but it requires a lot of energy and compromise, im still struggling with negative thoughts in general, but now i feel more powerful with tools to fight back. This video synthesize pretty well how to deal with it, at least said by someone who learn with books, youtube and practicing trial and error. Im not an expert but it feels great to confirm that is reliable way to manage thoughts and emotions. Thanks for sharing your knowledge with us, it’s exciting! 
I have a question. What if i walk at nights to shut down that negative energy/ thoughts. And after give that period of time to try to fix/ understand these thoughts. Like make a blend in the same walk, it’s recomendable? Thanks
  7. @CUB-qy2hj: 1:53 id wakeup at 3am drenched in sweat my jaw cleched mind racing.
  8. @ramy6286: Very helpful
  9. @Lucian-Nastase: 15:06 🔥
  10. @kubamir6351: What I sometimes struggle with is that to my mind going for a walk or cleaning in the morning feels like another 'task' that has to be done and it stresses over having to do those things after waking up... So yea, my mind literally takes solutions and makes them into problems or even minor anxiety. Not all the time fortunately, but there are worse days
  11. @MikeyJ1572: Wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy (post scandal)
  12. @MegaSahil05: Just be sad don't do anything 
Wake up have shower and slowly you will be fine
  13. @Aisha_babii: Pray
  14. @feli6277: I have no idea when I am clear-headed because I have no therapist currently
  15. @RobertCampbell-m1x: I am constantly bombarded with 💬 everyday and every hour of day. I KNOW THAT THE THOUGHTS ARE DEMONIC/ SPIRITUAL BATTLES ARE CONSTANTLY AROUND US IN THE SPIRITUAL REALM 💕🙏 THAT WE CANT SEE,GO FIGURE!!!
  16. @AMart-vt5pu: 14:02 how I see things when I'm on Adderall vs when I'm off it lol.
  17. @Kiefsgv: Kachaw
  18. @gaulehai: I always wondered why whenever I get built up with emotions I go for walks or do some cleaning. Then I made walking my priority and routine. Its nice to understand why and how it helps.
  19. @gyarados6507: Another incredibly useful video. Thanks Dr. K ❤
  20. @Cheska-c5e: How about Dr. K WHEN  i alway's  watched your Youtube Video on my fone?.. When i feel sad ich dort think about it then talk  to my Self what i am sad about, what i can do about/ if i can find solotion and  then i go ride my bike for Hrs and as you said my mind Starts to Wonder watching the Trees and flowers while riding my bike suddenly i foregot that i was actualy  sad..

- PRACTICE 🧘 routine methods for pattern interrupting: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] today let's practice developing a simple and reliable practice that interrupts the attention erosion process of a pattern good day beautiful soul Matt here welcome to another session on intention inspired kicking off today with a quote from pemma chin from her book start where you are a guide to compassionate living where she says if someone comes along and shoots an arrow into your heart it's fruitless to stand there and yell at the person it would be much better to turn your attention to the fact there's an arrow in your heart I love that so that's what we're exploring today developing a practice that shows us where we have an arrow in our heart so we can pull out the arrow the purpose of a pattern interrupting practice is to reclaim the energy and attention that a pattern needs to run and the practice can be very simple for instance If You observe that you're triggered into reactivity when you're in that stop and go traffic well we can rest our attention on our breath whenever the the traffic comes to a stop for example and with constant observation in the process we will inevitably r Ral other possibilities to practice so let's explore have you noticed patterns are only limited by the amount of energy available to them patterns have no internal mechanisms that limit their operation or Evolution so to dismantle a pattern we have to disrupt the observation of the pattern by simply bringing attention to its operation the energy then flows into attention not into the pattern so by bringing our attention to a pattern it naturally loosens its grip because we are taking the energy back with our attention so let's practice and in our practice Simplicity and consistency is the key intentionally changing our behavior from a well set pattern can be pretty challenging especially because a lot of these patterns develop when we're really young and they develop from situations that were too overwhelming to handle in the moment so to bring awareness to the pattern is to bring awareness to the stuck energy the emotions that were unfelt and you know that can be challenging but as we play with different ways to practice reclaiming our attention identification with the pattern becomes weaker and weaker and weaker so let's wiggle into our seat and practice this bringing attention to a common pattern that you've noticed running in your life just bringing it to mind and noticing maybe where you are what's in your environment what are the common things that trigger the pattern what kind of people are you around what are you actually doing what's triggering it and as you notice your internal and external environment what is something that you can do in this situation to return to attention as the pattern is running remember the pattern takes our attention it requires our attention to run so if we return to attention we take back that energy and the pattern loosens its grip so as you may have noticed one of my favorite things is to take a big juicy breath maybe even holding at the top there and then kind of squeezing that energy upward and I can feel the resources that that blood flow delivers to the brain and it's quite a high you might notice that as you take a few a few deep breaths um I also often have a hair band around my wrist that I can snap and that kind of you know like snap out of it brings that sensation to my wrist like okay focus up so those are some pretty simple ways to start practicing maybe bring just awareness to the sensations in our body noticing when we're in that reactive state things tighten up and we can just just relax the body one thing one of my friends often does is is um just return to gratitude good it's like when they're in a muddle they're just like yeah but it could be so much worse and thank God I have this or thank goodness that this situation is here or like that ice cream though so yummy anything that reclaims our attention will serve as an effective practice and as we intentionally separate from a pattern we will naturally come up with more and more ways to practice reclaiming that energy so what is one practice that has helped you reclaim your energy thank you for joining me on today's intentional session I look forward to practicing more with you tomorrow we're going to spend one more day cutting into our pattern with our practice we've been we've been really spending a lot of time dismantling these patterns because consistency is key so thank you for joining me and I'll see you tomorrow Peace Love practice practice practice practice

- It Sucks for 3 Days But It Makes Waking Up Early Effortless - Dr Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en how can people become a morning person or learn to get up early more easily and more regularly yeah um three days of pain the rest is easy so it takes about three days to shift the biological mechanisms to uh make you a morning person now if you are a very strongly genetically determined Night Owl that's a thing that's a thing so there are genetic mutations they call them polymorphisms that make some people night owls they feel best psychologically and physically going to sleep at about 1: 2 or 3:00 a.m. and waking up somewhere around you know 10 11 am or noon that exists not just during development or teen years but that exists not just for social reasons other people are true morning people they feel absolutely best going to sleep around 8:00 p.m. or 900 p.m. 10: p.m. would be late for them and they feel great waking up at 4:00 5 or 6:00 a.m. okay most people feel best going to sleep somewhere between 10: and midnight and waking up somewhere between 6:00 a.m. and 8:00 a.m. or so maybe 5:30 to 8:00 a.m. okay so those are three bins of the Night Owl the morning person and then the more typical schedule but it's heavily weighted toward that typical schedule if you look at the general population so if somebody wants to get up earlier you need to stack the four primary what are called zeit gers or timekeepers so named because some of the early chronobiologists that discovered this this stuff and the underlying mechanisms were German as it were so the number one zeit Gaber the number one way to shift your circadian clock which is this cluster of neurons that sits a few centimeters above the roof of your mouth is to view bright light at a time when you want to be awake aka the morning okay so that's why I say get outside look at the sun toward the sun don't force yourself to stare at it don't damage your eyes blink as needed no sunglasses eye glasses corrective lenses contacts are absolutely fine even if they have UV protection okay however if you combine that with another zeit Gaber the second most powerful zeit Gaber is exercise or movement so if you do some jumping jacks you skip some rope or even just take a walk while facing the sun now you're starting to stack different zeit gers and I'll explain the mechanisms in a moment if you then also add caffeine now this spits in the face a little bit of what I said a few minutes ago but if you were to add caffeine you can entrain as it's called the circadian clock to be alert at that time a bit more and I'll be honest if I'm going to exercise first thing in the morning I need caffeine I can't wait that 60 to 90 minutes if I need to jump right into exercise I find it's easiest for me to do 30 minutes after waking three hours after waking or 11 hours after waking and a lot of people find that the same but of course exercise when you can because it's that important but if you want to quot and optimize your energy levels for exercise typically people will notice that has to do with your temperature Rhythm Okay so we've got sunlight we've got exercise or movement of any kind it could be jumping jacks could be walking you don't have to do a full workout and then caffeine and in some cases food I'm not big on eating first thing in the morning I don't like to eat until 11: a.m. or noon that's when my first meal arrives for me just naturally that's when I get hungry it's all caffeine and hydration prior to that but if you were to eat something first thing in the morning you that's part of the way you entrain your circadian clock to wake up to essentially wake you up earlier and then the fourth one is a social Rhythm if you're interacting with other people you're going to entrain your clock to that as well way yes so there's a socially there's a social component to circadian entrainment now the pathways for these are from the eye in the case of viewing light to the circadian clock the supermatic nucleus in the case of caffeine it's more General in the case of exercise there's literally a brain stem to circadian clock connection a big super highway of neuronal connections that then So-Cal entrains your circadian clock remember your circadian clock generates an intrinsic 24-hour Rhythm such that if we put you into constant dark or constant light you would still sleep for a given bout and then be alert for a given bout with a little bit of a nap it just is what would call free run it would drift a little later each day this is what happens when you go to Vegas this is what happens when you're in an environment without a lot of cues about the day uh the sunlight uh rising and setting cycle sunlight exercise caffeine and eating and social interactions bring your circadian clock into alignment with all of those zit gers so when I said it takes three days if tomorrow you want to start beginning the process of becoming an early riser you'd set your alarm for 5:00 a.m. no matter what time you went to sleep the night before you're going to get up and you're going to do the four things that I described maybe leave out food if you don't want to eat maybe leave out caffeine if you want to delay by 90 minutes it's going to hurt and then by the early afternoon you'll be dragging a bit and you just have to be careful to not overindulge in caffeine which will then cause you to fall asleep later then you want to go to sleep at your now naturally slightly earlier sleep time the next day you'll notice you'll it'll be a little bit easier to do the morning routine I just described and by the third day you ought to be waking up with or before the Alarm by a few minutes or moments because your circadian clock has phase shifted okay it's phase Advanced as we say your circadian clock intrinsic to you generates a 24.2 or a 24.3 hour Rhythm it's not perfectly 24 hours and that we believe we don't know but the just so story is that it's that it's such that that you're able to then shift that clock in in one or the other direction you can phase advance so you wake up earlier and go to sleep earlier you can phase delay how do you phase delay well you're probably doing this already everyone nowadays pretty much qualifies as a shift worker by the strict and not so strict criteria of shift work which is are you doing any kind of cognitive activity after 9:00 p.m. are you viewing any kind of bright lights after 9:30 p.m. most people would say yes so the the Diabolical thing about the Circadian Timing System is that it requires a lot of bright light ideally from sunlight but a lot of bright light early in the day to make you a morning and daytime person but it requires just a little bit of bright light even from an artificial Source after the hours of about 9:30 p.m. till 4:00 a.m. to quash your Mel tonin make it difficult to sleep or if you sleep to make that sleep not as effective there's a simple remedy however which is and this is a beautiful study publishing science reports in 2022 if you view sunlight in the afternoon even for five minutes or so could be late afternoon could be sunset take off your sunglasses look in the direction of the Sun so now looking West you adjust the sensitivity of your retina the neurons in the back of your eye such that bright light later at night doesn't have quite as much effect to suppress melatonin and it reduces the Melatonin suppressive Effects by about 50% or offsets those so I think of this afternoon viewing as well first of all it's nice to look at a sunset if you're indoors in environment like this even if there are bright lights on get outside for a few minutes before the sun sets this is especially important in Winter even if you can't see the Sun as an object get some sun light in your eyes and that will at least partially offset the effects of bright light light in your eyes at night partially and I refer to this more or less as your Netflix inoculation so that that night you can be on your phone or watch Netflix and it's not going to disrupt your sleep as much but it will still disrupt your sleep somewhat but let's you know unless like Rick rubin's very diligent about wearing the red lens classes I've started doing that as well um but if you don't do that you I'm guessing he also sees the sunset in the evening um he's very attached for good scientific reasons uh to the sunlight thing but these are little things that take just moments right they're essentially zero cost that can really improve your sleep but that's how you become a morning person if you want to become a night person you do the opposite you view bright light between the hours of 400 p.m. and 10 p.m. and there then you will phase delay or phase shift in a delayed way your circadian clock making you want to wake up later the next morning I wonder if dogs count as uh social interaction absolutely and they have all of the same mechanisms we just described so I just thinking how can we stack that everything first thing in the morning morning walk you if you're in a place that's not Iceland or somewhere that's super high North dog social interaction moving around and then caffeine if you do or if you don't if you don't want it but uh if you have a dog that likes to run you're even better off CU it'll force you to run if you have if you have an English bulldog like I did you'd be lucky if you get out of bed by their eyes are droopy they don't and um uh they don't like to move but it is the case that dogs will naturally Orient toward the sun you know and people always ask you know do dogs have the same mechanisms absolutely intrinsically photosensitive retinal gangling cells the one that project to the clock and carry all of this um thing about circadian entrainment to sunlight are present as far as we know in every extent Mamon species every Mamon species that's that's alive today um and you know this is a system that evolved from bacteria that's very similar to the opsin the light absorbing molecules that are in the insect eye it's a very primordial system it's organized very differently anatomically in the retina and to me it's actually one of the more beautiful systems in in all of us in fact the one thing that no one can seem to defeat you're never going to biohack away is circadian biology this this you know fluctu 24-hour fluctuation in energy and focus you know some people require less sleep but we we're all um more or less a slave to these mechanisms and you know it's a good thing that we are because it forces us to rest neuroplasticity occurs during sleep it push down adenosine you know it takes us through these natural es and cycles of cognition I'm obsessed by the idea that in sleep you know the conscious mind obviously is not in control the unconscious mind can geyser up thoughts the brain is organizing things more in terms of symbols time and space are very uh very organized very differently in dreams and there's a lot of information to be gleaned from dreams it's just that we don't yet understand what the symbols mean the kind of classic Freudian yian um interpretations are certainly not going to be complete but you know I I'm so grateful that we get this thing called sleep and I think thanks to the great Matt Walker We Now understand that the whole thing of all sleep would I'm dead is a really dumb mindset and you know my team at The hubman Lab podcast we sometimes joke that we win by sleeping you know when we're in the peak of things we all encourage each other to like get rest you know get rest like we really prioritize sleep traveling should be about the journey not the chaos of packing which is why I have been using nomatic backpack and carryon Pro for over a year now this thing is the best backpack on the planet I did an entire month on tour on just hand luggage alone it's like the Swiss army knife of travel pack they've got pockets for your laptop your clothes your snacks it is so well organized that even your toothbrush feels important and the amount of thought that they've put into every pouch and zipper is is incredible it's beautifully designed it's not over engineered and it will literally last you a lifetime with that lifetime guarantee so this is the final backpack that you will ever buy plus they also offer international shipping free shipping on orders over $49 in the United States and if you don't like it for any reason you can return or exchange it within 30 days so you can buy it completely risk-free fill it with all of your possessions and if you don't like it they'll give you your money back right now you can get a 20% discount by going to the link in the description below or heading to Nom matic.com wisdom using the code mw20 a checkout that's Nom matic.com wisdom and mw20 a checkout thank you very much for tuning in if you enjoyed that clip you will love the full length episode with Dr hubman right there

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisWillx [138 likes]: Hello you savages. Watch the full episdoe with Dr Andrew Huberman here: https://youtu.be/PbXjK-F-5so! Get a 20% discount on Nomatic’s amazing luggage at https://nomatic.com/modernwisdom
  2. @brevenlangley5726: Uh.. why does this sound like Ai?..
  3. @beau6113: Delusional. By day 3 I sleep til 2pm because my body collapses in on itself.
  4. @itsokaytoberight: I have never understood this obsession with getting up early. You still need 8 hours of sleep, so whether you do this later into the morning doesn't really change anything. 

I try to stay in bed until 8am, but I also have full productive time right up until midnight. 

Wheras these people 'learning' to get up at 5am no doubt have to be in bed by 9 in order to remain healthy.

So what's the benefit?
  5. @Meursault_1111: Or just have the need to support your family and you’ll be up at 415 out by 445 and work by 6:30 for the 7 AM start too! God ❤️’s Ironworkers!
  6. @NormalityisRebellion: I just hope in the shower then make myself a cup of coffee after 👌🏽
  7. @jewfishhammer: Early morning wake up tip. Use a bright light on a timer instead of a noisy alarm.A bright light wakes you up quietly and fast.
  8. @merc9nine: I was getting angry at him when he said look towards light and exercise in the mornings. When he said that, i thought F You bro. Never happening. My wife goes around and opens all the blinds, and then i follow her around and close them all as I go into rooms
  9. @00ga-booga: A mortgage and kids to feed is all the motivation I need.
  10. @jtah81: We dont have sun in the morning 9 months of the year in finlanf
  11. @cmlxjcky: A sunrise simulator alarm helps a lot too
  12. @tommyrq180: My Lab is my alarm clock. He is going to get me up at 0530 for feeding and hour walk come hell or high water. Every day. His very, very loud ear flap is his final move, gets me up every time! Forces me to get to bed on time, too. Whatever works! 😊
  13. @mysigniscancer: Re: "social component to circadian entrainment"
In Austin, TX, 10th Planet has a Jiu Jitsu class at 6am (wake at 5, leave by 5:30); the social component is undoubtedly what drives people to be there that early.
  14. @wallywest2360: I'm 52, never in my life has it been easy for me to wake up early morning.  Even when I was working first shift for years on the weekends I would stay up late and sleep in.  

I've worked second shift now for quite a while and I love it.  Bed around 3am, get up at 11.
  15. @steveb9713: Seems crazy to me that healthcare workers get bazaar shifts that don’t fit circadian rhythm. Do they not learn about it in school?
  16. @Platinum1812: Never can understand how people don't see through Huberman.  He has zero standards for the evidence he uses to spout BS.  Sometimes its good, often it's whatever cookie cutter study of 19 undergrads out of an obscure college in Malaysia that shows some minor effect and he goes around swearing he knows what will work for you.
  17. @kennybunch8165: I have listened to this stuff so many times. And the disconnect is that it’s always assumed the sun will be up when you get up. Which in my entire career has never been the case. I can’t be the only one.
  18. @FuzzyFlopper: One thing that motivated me is that I have a home gym in my garage. If I don't work out in the morning, I have to work out in a broiler in the afternoon. In the morning it's cool enough to get a good workout in and get a good sweat. Winter isn't as bad because I build up body heat as I workout.
  19. @kendallramer6218: How in the world am I supposed to get sunlight exposure at 5 AM?
  20. @louisyurman: The best thing to do is to practice to get out of bed. Take an afternoon and pretend that you are going to bed. Put your jammies on, brush your teeth, whatever it is that you do before bed. Set the alarm for a couple of minutes in the future and you are going to lay in bed and pretend that you are sleeping. When the alarm goes off get out of bed as fast as you can and disabe the alarm. Keep practicing pretending to sleep and getting out of bed 4 or 5 times and the next morning you’ll be up and ready. Best to move your alarm out of reach so that you have to get up to disable it.

- Try It For 1 Day: Do This Every Morning to Boost Motivation & Focus: Kind: captions Language: en so let's settle the debate once and for all is it true that some of us are just not morning people and never will be if you don't consider yourself a morning person or you just find it's hard to create and stick to a good morning routine well your friend Mel I got the answers I have dug into the science I have so much amazing news to share with you and here's the thing if you are a morning person you can just spring out of bed I guarantee you you need to hear this because you not only need to understand the other people in your life who can't get out of bed but you also have to understand yourself I mean you may know what you're doing but do you know if or why it's working you should and by the time you and I are done today you're going to know the six steps that science says you need in order to set your morning up for success and when you do you'll not only sharpen your routine you're going to squeeze even more out of your day so let's get in do it hey it's your friend Mel welcome to the Mel Robins podcast I am so excited to talk to you today and I love this topic and it may surprise you to know that I'm not a morning person not at all but I love talking about morning routines I have so much to share with you I have taught myself how to break through that like GH in the morning and build a science back routine and when you digest and absorb and really put to use everything that I'm about to share with you it's going to change the entire trajectory of your day of your week of your month and of your life and if you're interested right now in making changes the morning routine and what we're about to share with you this is everything and so first of all before we jump into it because I got a lot to share with you in fact this is one of those episodes if you're watching on YouTube where I'm not going to look at you a lot cuz that sound that you can hear as you're listening I have pages and pages and pages of research to share with you because this topic is not only fascinating but the science is very clear it's very clear what's happening in your brain and your body when you wake up and you need to know about it and it's also very clear what the research says that you and I need to be doing every morning to truly Leverage The Best of our brain and our body and to set ourselves up for success and one more thing we have so many new listeners that if you're brand new and this is the first episode that you're listening to I just want to personally welcome you to the Mel Robbins podcast family the fact that you have hit play on this conversation about the science of morning routines and the six steps that you need to follow based on science you know what that tells me about you it tells me that you're interested in learning more about how you can Empower yourself to create a better life and I think that is so cool that you've taken the time to invest in yourself and I promise you you're are going to freaking love this conversation today and you're going to be able to put everything that you're learning to use you're going to be able to share it with people that you care about whether you're the kind of person that can spring out of bed or you're the kind of person like me that you have a hard time getting out of bed because the fact is I'm not a morning person and there are some people like my husband that literally it's like he's a weirdo the alarm rings and he's like Bing right out of bed no drama no noise no groaning he might you know a little because we're getting a little bit older but that's it like he just starts his day me oh my gosh like for me I feel like I don't know that overnight I somehow gained an extra 200 lbs because I feel so heavy and lethargic and I don't want to get out of bed and uh and I'm starting here because I really want to make sure to validate that there are a lot of us and you may be one of them or you may love someone maybe one of your kids maybe it's your roommate maybe it's one of your siblings there are a lot of us that have a hard time getting out of bed so let me preview what we're going to cover first of all I'm going to walk through a number of reasons why you may not be a morning person and if you're somebody who Springs out of bed I still still want you to listen to this because it's going to give you a greater understanding of what someone else in your life that you care deeply about is dealing with and why it may be difficult for them to just get up and go then what we're going to talk about is a number of reasons why morning routines really do matter and the benefit of it and finally we're going to jump into the six non-negotiable steps of your morning routine what science says about it so here's the first provocative thing I want you to consider even if you're listening to me right now and you are saying to yourself okay I got to listen to this because I know morning routines are important I see it all over the place and I got to get a morning routine and so I'm gon to listen I'm gonna figure this out even if you don't think you have a morning routine right now you do hitting the snooze button five times in the morning that's a morning routine reaching for your phone first thing and laying there and scrolling through social media for 45 minutes that's a morning routine rolling over and putting the pillow back over your head that's a morning routine the thing that you do right now in the morning every single morning whether it's working for you or not that's your routine and what we're going to confront today together is is it actually working for you are you working against the science or are you working with it are you following the steps that could set you up for success or are you just kind of doing what you've always done and then you beat yourself up because it's not creating better results and so first things first accept that whatever it is that you're doing you wake up you're hung over you're just devastated with anxiety you hit the snooze hit the snooze hit the snooze hit the snooze and then it's an emergency and then you rock it out of bed and then you're racing around and then you're late and then you're racing out the door and you didn't have breakfast and you didn't exercise and you left the house without your wallet that used to be me and that can become a routine and the good news is you can change it and that's why this matters and so now that we're on the same page and now that we've kind of gotten rid of the story about where you're at or whether or not you already have this handled now I want to jump into some facts okay if you're the kind of person like my husband who can just spring out of bed I just want to say you won the lottery congratulations you don't need to rub it in but it's it's really important for you to hear what I'm about to share with you because I think it'll give you more compassion and understanding around the people in your life who can't just spring out of bed and it will also help you understand how to better support them now you may be working a late shift which means you don't actually have the same schedule as anyone else when I was a young lawyer dressed out of law school I used to work the night shift in court it was so discombobulating I mean you're not even a morning person because you're really like stopping work in the morning here's a second reason and this one's very interesting if you're retired or you're a new empty nester or your routine is out of whack check this out there's research around this University of Wisconsin study said that when people transition to retirement they often start sleeping longer and they go to bed later and they wake up later and this may be a reason why it's harder for you to get out of bed right now because your routine is out of whack because your life just changed another reason maybe you have really amazing sheets I mean this is a problem for me like I truly invested in smooth cozy bamboo sheets the bed's too nice like that's part of the problem like why would you want to get out of bed and I I mean that truly I found this fourth reason to be super interesting genetics this is from a study published in nature communic ations there are 351 genetic markers linked to being a morning person and a recent study that was published in genome biology and evolution said that mourning people those of you who can just spring out of bed like my husband that's an inherited trait from Neanderthal ancestors that's kind of cool probably because if you slept in some sort of sabertooth tiger would be gnaw on your rear end before you woke up and here's one more study that I found this one from Harvard medical school so if you think about your circadian rhythm which is basically that sort of 24hour program that runs in the background that truly runs your entire body functioning okay and it's tied to your ability to sleep and so many other things your circadian rhythm is generated by your internal biological clock and according to Harvard Medical School that internal biological clock it varies from person to person but the good news is there are things that you can do even though your internal biological clock is personal to you there are things that you can do to optimize it and you're going to learn about it today some of us have a predisposition to Spring out of bed like my husband and some of us have a predisposition to be like a hunk of meat laying there marinating in the morning like I do good to know no reason to make yourself wrong then right you got to work with what you have here's the fifth reason and this one really rang true for me trauma see trauma and past trauma it activates a freeze response in your body and the University of Arkansas did a study about this and they found that when you've experienced a traumatic event it can disrupt your sleep and PTSD what theyve found in the research is that PTSD is linked to you having having sleep issues and what happens when you don't get a good night's sleep like you can't truly drop into deep sleep you wake up and you're exhausted and you're exhausted not because you're not a morning person you're exhausted because past trauma is preventing you from getting a good night's sleep and when you wake up and you're exhausted because you didn't sleep well what do you want to do you want to go back to sleep you feel even heavier that's why it's hard to get out of bed and for me connecting the weight that I felt in the morning to pass traumatic experiences was liberating because I realized oh wait a minute this isn't a deficiency this is just something that I need to heal and when I understand oh there it is again I'm waking up in the morning in a freeze response I'm just going to push through it that is empowering the sixth reason and this so many of you and your kids are experiencing right now and that's anxiety anxiety is the highest for a lot of people first thing in the morning and one of the reasons why is and we're going to dig into this when we get into the research around the six steps that you're going to take and how I'm going to teach you to work with the science and work with the natural wiring of your body anxiety can be higher in the morning for a simple reason cortisol which is a stress hormone or a lot of people call it an energy hormone cortisol is high in the morning because cortisol helps you wake up that's why it's there but the problem is if cortisol remains elevated you're going to feel more anxious and this isn't just your friend Mel Robbins who has a history with anxiety telling you this this is the research like if your energy and stress hormone is super elevated first thing in the morning of course you're going to feel anxious but if you don't take steps to start to lower it and regulate it your anxiety is going to be humming all day long and if you've ever woken up and the first thing that you feel is anxious and your mind starts spinning and your heart is racing you don't want to face a day you want to hide from it and that's what I did for years that's why I was hitting the snooze button and there's two other reasons why your anxiety might be higher in the morning drinking so if you have been drinking the night before guess what one of the number one symptoms of a hangover anxiety because as your body is processing the alcohol overnight your blood sugar is dropping and your anxiety is now spiking and so if you're waking up for anxiety ask yourself did I drink last night okay Bingo and the third reason why anxiety can be higher in the morning is because your blood sugar levels are often lower in the morning and that can lead to morning anxiety and so this is super important because when your blood sugar drops and your body then tries to bring it up what it's doing is it's pumping adrenaline into your body which then what stimulates fight or flight which what makes you feel more anxious I have woken up and felt anxiety is the first thing I've felt in my body since I was 15 years old like this is like my alarm clock in the morning I would wake up oh there's the anxiety I had no idea that drinking was part of the problem and the anxiety was present because my body is now processing alcohol while I'm sleeping I had no idea of the stored trauma which also is why I was waking up in a freeze and fight ORF flight response I had no idea about the blood sugar dropping and I had no idea that cortisol levels are the highest first thing in the morning I just felt like I was damaged goods that was going to feel this way for the rest of my life and when you understand what's happening in your body and you realize it's not you this can be explained and when you understand it to me it makes me more motivated to want to take the steps that are going to help me face it and quiet it and experience life differently and that's what's available to you that's what's available to the people that you love when you understand this and you follow the six things I'm going to tell you and the seventh reason why so many of you do not consider yourself a Mourning person is because of depression do you know that based on the research 75% of people that have depression have a hard time getting out of bed why well one of the reasons why is because depression just covers you with this kind of sense of heaviness this real dark cloud my husband had about a very very serious depression it's very scary when it happens and one of the big problems with depression is that your depression lies to you and it makes you feel like you can't do the things that alleviate the depression and lying in bed I'm sure you've probably heard the term bed rotting right where you just lay in bed and you think about your problems and you let the heaviness take over it is an extraordinarily common symptom of mood disorders like depression this comes from a study out of Emory University and look if you have been just burning the candle at both ends and you're tired like I have like I've been super tired this week and I didn't even set an alarm I just allowed myself to sleep as long as I needed to sleep and then wake up when I want to wake up and two mornings ago I just kind of laid in bed for about 20 minutes until I was ready to get out of bed that's okay every once in a while because you're just getting the rest that you need but if you chronically are laying in bed and you're just ruminating on what's wrong with your life that's a huge problem and the six steps that you're about to learn are going to help you feel better they're the six steps that you need in order to live and Thrive with depression they are the six steps that you need to push through all seven things I just talked about and I promise you the coolest thing about learning how to get up and get going is that the movement and the rhythm of your routine actually snaps you out of these seven things that I just listed that validate why it's been so hard hard for you and if you really Embrace what I'm going to be sharing with you these are things within your reach that are completely free that you are capable of doing that will help you feel better it will help you tap into the amazing wiring of your brain and your body it will help you start building momentum in your life and no matter what change you want to make what thing you want to improve this is the building block for you being being able to do that for yourself but I want to just unpack even at a deeper level why a morning routine works so that when we jump into the six steps you're like give it to me Mel let's go and I'd like to start with a quote from James clear because I think this quote really sums up what a morning routine is and then we're going to jump into kind of deeper reasons why they're so important so James Clear wrote the book Atomic habits he's like the go-to guy in terms of syn synthesizing habit research and making it understandable and he has this quote you don't rise to the level of your goals you fall to the level of your system now if you have a morning routine that is basically hit the snooze button six times and run late from work never eat breakfast hydrate on coffee that's a system that's one of the reasons why you're not meeting your goals you may have huge goals but if your systems don't support those goals of yours you're going to always fall to how bad the system is and that's what a morning routine is it's a system it's a system that can help you rise to higher levels it's a system that can help you be more energized it's a system that can help you achieve your goals and when you think about the simple things that you do every morning as a system you can now be very honest with yourself about whether or not you have a system in place that is helping you achieve what you want you can be very clear about whether or not you have a system in place that's helping you feel the way you want to feel every day and that's the first reason why this matters because a morning routine is just a system and it's fully within your power to change the system to improve it and there are reasons why you want to and that brings me to the second reason why your morning routine is so important this is the only time of the day that you're fully in control if you really stop and think about about how your day goes the second you look at your phone the second you walk into work the second that you check the news your day is gone you're now reacting so your only shot at feeling in control is this system we call a morning routine the things that you do before you do everything for everybody else the things that you do first thing in the morning that are just for you and I want you to protect this time I want you to honor this time I want you to honor Yourself by getting very serious about the system that you create first thing in the morning for you this is what you get to do for yourself before you turn your life and your time and your energy over to everyone else I mean you deserve this and that's why this is so important you're going to have days weeks and months where life is running you over but you want to know what's cool about a morning routine and this system that you can create for yourself is that you can always come back to it because when you wake up you get a fresh slate you get a clean start you get to decide today today I'm going to take control today I'm going to do the things that I know just make me feel like myself today I'm GNA put myself first and that's available to you every single day and when you have this system in place that you know you can come back to that's grounded in research you can truly take advantage of the gift that is a new day another reason why this is so important as you're about to learn because we're going to dig into this the benefits for your mind and your body and your spirit of creating a routine and this system it's just undeniable what I'm about to teach you in these six steps it will reduce anxiety it will lower your stress it's going to keep your brain energized it's going to help you boost your productivity and your concentration and check this out it's even going to help you sleep better and you deserve all that and that's why I want you to try this routine I'm about to teach you another reason why this is important and I think you're kind of getting this over and over is it sets the tone for your day who's in charge are you in charge of your day or is what's on the news in charge of your day you're in charge and that's what's available to you every single morning that you wake up and you follow these six steps and finally it's the single most powerful step of creating new change in your life if you want to be happier if you want to make more money if you want to get in better shape if you'd like to feel a little bit more peaceful if you want a mindfulness practice if there's anything in your life that you really want to improve having this system in place first thing in the morning it's like pouring a foundation for a house that you're going to build this is what you build on and so let's get into the six things that science says you and I need to be doing in order to set ourselves up for success and build a system that unlocks the potential of your mind body and spirit and the first thing is when that alarm rings get up and start the day do not lie in bed do not hit the snooze button research shows that lying in bed like I used to do increases rumination it makes your depression and your anxiety worse and this is all based on Research there so many studies that have proven this that I don't even want to waste the time listing it in fact this episode has a very robust notes section you can always find it at the end of the description you can also go to melrobbins.com where we have so many resources for every single episode but the science and the research is very clear lying in bed is making how you feel worse okay and so how do you get out of bed first you can use my 5-second rule I mean I literally invented a trick to help me get out of bed 15 years ago and it is super simple as soon as the alarm rings or as soon as your eyes open you're just going to count backwards five 4 3 2 1 boom get out of bed just get out of bed move and the reason why this works is because I've found that you know in those moments where you hesitate and you stop and think about getting out of bed if you hesitate for more than 5 Seconds you actually will lose all motivation to do it but when you start counting backwards 5 4 3 2 1 and then you move the second you start counting backwards 5 4 3 2 1 you've made a decision to get up it's the domino effect I don't know if you know this but when you tip a domino that first Domino it moves with a bit of force so that it can start knocking over something that's two to three to four times its size and so counting backwards is this tiny little micro action that you take that starts the momentum rolling boom get out of bed do not pick up your phone this is critical do not pick up your phone I have a rule personally that my phone is in my bathroom because then when the alarm goes off I'm kind of screwed I have to get out of bed to turn it off and so that's one thing that I've done because I know if I have the chance to lay in bed I just might so I go 5 4 3 2 1 I'm up and another reason why it's so important for you to just 5 4 3 2 1 get up is because of the research that you've already learned cortisol levels are the highest in the morning and so if you sit there and marinate in that stress and energy hormone you will feel more depressed you will feel less motivated you will feel more anxious those things that you're spinning around in your mind they're going to get bigger and bigger and bigger and you're going to start to doubt yourself that's why you got to push through you got to get up and you got to get going and that brings me to step number two make your bed make your bed you're standing up you've turned off the alarm you have not looked at your phone because again we're we're taking this time for you you get 20 to 30 measly minutes don't you every morning before you let the world in of course you do so step number two you're going to make your bed now why is this important there are so many reasons why you know for those of us who are not mourning people one reason is because when you make the bed you're not going to climb back into it okay and I know some of you are kind of laughing along but it's true but the more important reason is because when you make your bed every morning it's a super simple thing that you can do that starts to build a little bit of discipline and it's a way for you to just practice this skill where you just do what you need to do no matter how you feel and one of the reasons why making your bed is a great thing to do right away is because of all this research around clutter I mean when you walk into an environment where the bed is messy and your laundry is all over the place and things need to be picked up research shows that it can increase your anxiety it can make you continue to feel depressed in fact I'm looking at this one study right now from Bond University in Australia that says your physical environment significantly influences your cognition your emotions and subsequent behaviors including your relationships with other people and so it's a simple thing that you can do that truly helps you feel like a disciplined person it removes the visual clutter it prevents you from climbing back in it and here's the thing that I love the most it's a gift that you're giving to yourself because every time that you walk back into your bedroom for the rest of the day or at the end of the night you see this beautiful bed you literally do it's like this beautiful place for you to climb back into at the end of the day and you've done that for yourself a and this is one of those things that sounds little but it's actually really big when you're taking care of yourself you make your bed when you're feeling good about life you make your bed when you're on top of your stuff you've made your bed it's just a sign a simple sign that you care about yourself and that you take time to clean up and tidy things and that's a really important skill in life and it translates in so many other areas and so boom make your bed and I'm going to add one more thing to this for those of you that have a habit of hitting the snooze button or laying there and rotting and looking at your phone just think about the difference think about the difference of just boom you get up boom you make your bed you have gone from a person whose first decision of the day is procrastinating to becoming a person that takes action and a person that has discipline and a person that cares about how you take care of yourself and that's just in the first two steps now let's talk about the third one the third one you're going to hate and the third one you're going to resist doing but the third one has so much crazy science around it that I wrote an entire bestselling book about it and that third habit that I want you to do is something that you're going to add to your morning routine after you brush your teeth so after you get up you make your bed you go to the bathroom you brush your teeth I want you to look in the mirror I don't want you to say a thing and I want you to Simply high-five your reflection I know it sounds crazy cheeseball I got it I understand high-five yourself in a mirr m give me a break I was with you getting out of bed with the alarm ring I was with you and making the bed I was with you with creating a system high-fiving myself in the mirror like what is this let me tell you what this is the science around this is so crazy that I'm going to read from my New York Times bestselling book the high five habit um and the first thing that I'm going to read to you is I'm going to read to you this is on page 24 of this book The reason why you want to high-five yourself in the mirror and you're not going to say a thing comes from research from Dr Lawrence Katz who's a neurobiologist and researcher at Duke University and he studies something called neurobics now neurobics is a fancy term that basically describes the fastest and easiest way to create new neurop Pathways and Connections in your brain and the way that you tap into neurobics is you basically take a routine activity which for you is brushing your teeth standing there looking in the mirror and then you pair it with something unexpected like all of a sudden high-fiving yourself that's kind of weird and what happens is it snaps your brain into attention and according to Dr Catz this little unexpected physical movement that you're now adding to something you already do it's like a brain fertilizer that makes a new habit encode in your brain faster so you might be wondering well what's the new habit Mel well the new habit is great it's believing in yourself because now let's unpack what a high five is when you high five someone else what are you saying you're saying I see you I believe in you let's go you got this when you high five a team member that's what you're saying when you high five a family member that's what you're saying when you high-five somebody on a team that just screwed up in a huddle you're saying Shake It Off you got this when you do this every morning in the mirror you just activated brain fertilizer and you accelerated new wiring for a mindset that goes I like the person in the mirror I cheer for the person in the mirror I believe in the person in the mirror and it's crazy how this works in fact because you're probably like okay I kind of get that let me tell you something would you feel more inclined to create this system for yourself if you knew that this is what all the winning NBA teams do yep they studied NBA teams and high fives let me read a little bit about that to you for those of you that are curious this is all in Chapter 2 of the high- five habit book the chapter is science says this works and the study that I'm about to read to you is on page 22 and it's all about research from UC Berkeley so UC Berkeley researchers studied NBA players habits of success and they took a look at teams in the beginning of their seasons and they recorded how often players gave each other high fives and other signs of encouragements like a fist bump check this out they were able to predict which teams would have the best records at the end of the season based on the number of high fives they were giving each other at the beginning of the Season why well the best NBA teams I'm talking the ones who made it to the Championships they were the teams who gave each other the most high fives at the start of the Season whoa why does this matter well high fives are about trust when you high five a team member you're lifting them up instantly the physical touch and the high five says I got your back man let's go we got this it helps you shake off a bad play it lifts your mood it communicates confidence and it reminds you that you can win now when you do this in the mirror to yourself you are your own best teammate and you're leveraging this amazing in science and the Brain fertilizer to accelerate programming a mindset of winning of resilience of believing in yourself and of cheering in yourself and that's why a silent high five in the mirror right after you brush your teeth is the third science back thing that I want you to do and that brings me to number four drink a full cup of water and every time I cover this and I teach this and in fact I teach this in a course that I offer once a year called launch and people go crazy they hate this drink a cup of water I don't want to drink I need coffee let me just explain why this matters first of all you need water and every single one of us underestimates the crucial role that water plays in your body brain and spirit operating effectively and most of us are dragging ourselves out of bed and the first thing we Hydrate with coffee or tea or something other than water and let's just stop and consider the importance of water water comprises 45 to 75% of your body weight that's amazing and 80% of your brain composition it transports nutrients it regulates your temperature it has a huge role to play in lubricating your joints and allowing your internal organs to to work properly it gives structure to your tissues to your cells its critical component of your heart being able to pump I mean you can go a month or two right without food you wouldn't last more than a week without water that's how critical this is now I'm not going to get into how much do I need to drink all day we'll do a whole another episode about hydration and proper hydration and how much you should be drinking all I'm telling you is Step number four of a science morning routine is get water in first thing in the morning and I want you to make it part of your system that you drink a full cup of water before you start slamming the caffeine and there's so many reasons why this is important there's an incredible book called brain food the surprising science of eating for cognitive power and in it it's it's fascinating the role that water plays for example did you know that when you don't drink enough water you want to know what you feel brain fog you're exhausted you you have headaches and you have mood swings and step four of your new morning routine and the system you're going to create for yourself of just drinking a cup of water before you do anything else it's simply just starting you to get aware of how important it is to become more conscious of it so that you start taking better care of yourself in fact simply drinking more water it can be one of the easiest and healthiest changes that you can make for your overall health and for your brain functioning and here's a huge reason why this matters you know I used to be the kind of person that once I dragged myself out of bed and I made my bed and then I high-fived myself in the mirror I Army crawled to the coffee maker like I could not start my day without doing a tap suck of the Nespresso machine I mean I just literally like give me the coffee give me I can't wake up without coffee I didn't understand the science and then Dr Amy Shaw came onto the podcast and explained to me and I'm gonna share it with you so that you don't miss a thing she basically said that if you drink coffee or any form of caffeine first thing in the morning meaning within the first hour or two of waking up you are screwing yourself over because there is this sleepy chemical that's in your brain called a Denine and when you wake up it takes your brain an hour or two to flush the adenosine the Sleepy chemical out of your brain so you can wake up this is why you're groggy but if if you're like the old Mel Robbins and your army crawling your way to the big gulp cup of coffee first thing in the morning you know what you're doing that caffeine and the coffee it is trapping the adenosine in your brain the caffeine is preventing your brain from flushing this sleepy chemical out and so have you ever noticed that if you have coffee first thing in the morning about two hours later you're like I need a second cup and then halfway through the day we like oh my God I'm exhausted I got to have another cup I used to be the kind of person that would I'm almost embarrassed to tell you would have at least six cups of coffee then when I mve to lattes it would be at least three like double triple shot lattes I was chasing the caffeine this one change step four drink a cup of water full cup of water first thing when you get up and then wait at least an hour for your first cup of coffee I know I know I know I know I know I know you don't want to just try it once please try it once try it once and see what happens cuz I'm going to tell you what happened in my life I drank a cup of water I set the timer I was gripping for 90 minutes before I could have my first cup of coffee and then something crazy happened I didn't crave a second one I have gone from being a person who drinks coffee all day long to waking up and drinking a full cup of water I'm not even craving the cup cup of coffee I then enjoy a cup of coffee about 90 minutes to 2 hours later and I don't ever need a second one it's incredible and so that's why I say step four is drink a full cup of water and then try to delay your caffeine for at least an hour and you know just as a side I have to tell you something we did an internal research project with a focus group about what I'm sharing with you right now and the results were extraordinary we put a group of people together and we walked them through this morning routine and the feedback that we got specifically on starting your day and drinking a big cup of water first thing and then delaying caffeine it was insane they quit coffee I mean they'll drink decaf every once in a while but here's the reason they're using science to leverage the potential and capacity of your brain power and your natural wiring see you don't need to be chasing these things when you understand the science you can activate all of the amazing programming and possibility of your mind body and spirit and that's what's available to you and that brings me to number five get outside and take in Morning Light so we had Dr Rebecca Robbins from Harvard Medical School on the podcast and she's a really important expert on this topic because she is a world-renowned expert on sleep she runs one of the most respected sleep clinics and labs in the world she's doing research on this her research is the research everybody who writes books about sleep is actually citing and she's the one that came in and talked about the importance of exposure to light first thing in the morning for your overall health and you and I tend to think about things like okay gota exercise we got to eat right we got to be in great relationships with people that's all true but you also need need to take care of your circadian rhythm and doing this first thing checks the box and I love that first thing get outside look out the window whatever you need to do Dr Robin said that exposure to morning sunlight is crucial to reset your body's internal clock and help you transition into the awake phase in fact getting Morning Light is one of the most important things that you can do to get better sleep at night because when you get morning light it not only helps you move into an awake phase it starts the internal timer in your body that starts to count down toward when it's going to be time to go to bed that's why this matters so much and I know what you're thinking you're like Mel well what about if it's cloudy well this is what Dr Rebecca Robbins had to say even if it's a cloudy day getting outside will get you the sunlight exposure that you need in your eyes and it'll stop the floodgates of melatonin and begin your day it is a complete myth that a cloudy day can hamper that or dampen that ability same thing with a rainy day complete myth that just because it's raining that the type of light that's coming through the clouds isn't going to help you now you don't want to go out and stare blindly at the sun that's not what I'm talking about I'm talking about stepping outside and actually getting the light exposure and so how much light should you get now I like a 51020 roll and a lot of this comes from research that neuroscientist Andrew huberman of the podcast huberman lab has made wildly popular with people right now but I break it down this way 5 10 20 if it's sunny outside just be outside for 5 minutes if it's cloudy outside be outside for 10 minutes if it's raining or it's not great outside or you can only get bright artificial light inside first thing 20 minutes that's your rule and finally what am I doing what am I doing after I step outside you got to move your body really Mel yes you do now if I got to wave a magic wand and I were able to tell you exactly what to do for my age group I'm a 56y old woman it's all about strength training and getting outside and walking but I'm going to tell you something for this system all I'm going to ask you to do 10-minute walk that's it 10minute walk every morning and why am I asking you to just add to your system a 10-minute walk there's a number of reasons why first of all the research is very clear and it's also shocking the benefit that a simple 10-minute walk can have on your health it can add years to your life but I also want to highlight the things that it does for you immediately like how you feel when you start the walk versus how you feel 10 minutes later is shocking and I think you kind of know this but it's important to go through this so that I just remind you of why this matters and why it's important that this is part of your system every single morning it clears out any of the overwhelm and the overthinking and the anxiety that you may have it immediately boosts your mood there is this research around what happens when you're walking the term is called forward ambulation that sounds like super fancy right which makes me want to do it because you and I hear walk and we're like oh for God's sakes a walk for real Mill yes forward ambulation is what's happening when you're walking see you get into this mode where you're walking you're moving your legs you're swinging your arms and you get into this optic and auditory Flow State where your brain is now kind of having to absorb all this input around you from the path that you're on to the traffic going by to the birds in the in the trees and this input changes how you see the world this input as you're walking and you've got this new optic and auditory flow what does it do it quiets your anxiety why because there's all this new input instead of sitting there in your bed ruminating and feeling overwhelmed you're flipping on this switch inside your brain that helps with overthinking and what's super cool is even if you have low vision and we have an extraordinary producer on our team that's legally blind it still works and the reason why is because sound becomes your primary sense and the same phenomenon happens with auditory flow so whether you have visual or auditory flow it has a powerful documented effect on your nervous system and it changes the way your brain is working and the reason why I recommend a 10-minute walk is because that's what the literature says that's all that you need you can put your kids in the stroller and go around the block you can find 10 minutes to walk the dogs real quick and that's why I'm saying get out there for 10 minutes and have you realized that you can combine five and six yeah so when you step outside to get light into your eyes first thing in the morning to set the Circadian rhythm just start walking for 10 minutes it's going to put you in a better mood it's going to make you more productive this is all research back and if you do it without being on the phone or listening to something meaning you take a quiet walk the research is incredible about how it helps you create a stronger more relaxed and confident mindset and that's why I say that the sixth step is a 10-minute walk outside and the other reason why I'm focusing on 10 minutes is because systems work when you can do them and I don't want your morning routine to be so complicated and timec consuming that you have to opt out of it I want you to build a morning routine and create a system that starts your day that puts you first that leverages the science that is something that you can do whether you have a super busy day or you're on vacation I want you to be able to use the same system whether you're in a hotel or you're visiting friends or you're at home because if you can do the system anywhere the system is truly going to work for you and so let me recap what that system is starting tomorrow morning or anytime you decide this is your reset this is how you take control of the time that you have first thing in the morning and you set yourself up for Success using all of the best research to tap into the potential of your mind body and spirit this is also the foundation for you being laser focused on making the changes and doing what you need to do and you can kind of sense that when you st back these six things up you're now on a roll and you can add anything you want to this but these are the basics so let me walk you through them and then I'm going to share one more thing that I do number one the alarm rings you're up 543 2 1 get up get going because once you get up and you get going you're going to keep going second thing you're going to do you're going to make your bed it's just simple discipline it's a wonderful thing to do for yourself and you become the kind of person that just does what needs to get done and you have higher standards for yourself I love that third you're going to leverage this fascinating science around neurobics and as you're brushing your teeth or after you brush your teeth just high-five yourself in the mirror don't say a word that's it number four you got to drink a big cup of water big cup of water start the hydration train first thing in the morning and delay caffeine for at least an hour and see what happens number five get yourself outside remember the 5 1020 rule for sunny cloudy or rainy days or if you can't get outside artificial light and finally number six 10-minute walk 10minute walk does extraordinary things now that whole thing takes about 14 minutes if you really think about it get out of bed that's 10 seconds make your bed that's a minute high- five your mirror that's a couple seconds drink a cup of water depends whether or not you chug it could be another 20 seconds get outside and take the 10 I mean this is a no-brainer this is something that you can do any morning anywhere it's a system that sets you up for success and it's also a system that helps you lower anxiety it helps you push through depression and find your energy again it's a system that helps helps you tap into what's possible and then when you get back from your walk add whatever you want for you maybe it's meditating maybe it's journaling maybe there's something else that you want to add in there are lots of mornings where I do my 10-minute walk and then I head straight to the mat and now I'm doing strength training but this core six step principle is the system that I use it's the system that makes the difference for me when I go through those periods where I don't do it I feel terrible and I love that I can wake up any single day and just come right back to it and when I follow the system you know what I feel I feel like myself I feel good because I'm taking care of myself I feel more powerful because I'm not letting my emotions or my mood or the things that are going on in my life or my business to dictate what I do this system shows me that I'm in control because I can do these six things in my life no matter where I am or how I'm feeling and that makes all the difference in the world and if you do that you got the formula for Success you got the formula for supporting yourself you understand the simple things that you can do to leverage all of this remarkable science and I'm also going to encourage you if you want to go deeper make sure you check out the notes section of this episode because we have summarized all of this on our website at melrobbins.com we have resources for you to take a look at but this is the basics and the building blocks for you to tap into your own potential oh and I almost forgot to tell you the seventh thing so when I'm done with this system you know what I do I sit down and I take 15 minutes before I look at my phone I haven't even looked at my phone yet I haven't answered emails yet I haven't looked at social media I mean I am selfish in the morning this is my time so when I'm done with that walk I come right down to my kitchen table and I sit down and I spend 15 minutes on a project that matters to me and the reason why I do this 15 minutes I call it my hot 15 every single morning is because I know based on the research that that moment right there after I've taken my walk after I've done these six things my mind is primed for Focus I am motivated I am able to push something forward and because we're going to be doing another episode about this where I dig into your questions make sure you submit them whether you put them in the comments or you go to melrobbins.com this would be better go to melrobbins.com podcast you're going to find a form where you could submit topics and questions you can submit them there and we're going to compile them all and we will do a really amazing episode answering your questions all about optimizing your morning and we're going to have that coming up really soon I'm so excited that you listen to this thank you for listening all the way to the end I've got awesome bloopers on this sucker so there's still more to come and I wanted to be sure to tell you in case no one else tells you that I love you I believe in you I also believe in these systems and the reason why is because systems help you create a better life systems ensure that it's not your mood or your feelings or what's going on that determine what happened in your life it's you that you have the ability to support yourself and to set yourself up for success and there is no doubt in my mind that when you implement what I just shared with you into your life you will be very very surprised by how it impacts you all righty I will see you in the very next episode and thank you for being here on YouTube with me and watching all the way to the end I know that you loved this I know you're going to share it with all kinds of people in your life so thank you for that and I also have one request of you please hit subscribe you know it's my goal that 50% of the people that watch this channel are subscribers it's free to subscribe and it tells me that you really enjoy this it supports the team and helps us in bringing you more amazing content here every single day so hit subscribe thank you thank you thank you for being the kind of person that supports people who support you and I know you're now thinking okay this is amazing Mel we're on a roll and that's how you're going to feel when you implement these six steps you're going to feel every morning like okay check check check check check now I'm on a roll uh you're probably thinking what's the next video that I should watch great question let's watch this one next and I'm going to be waiting for you in it the moment you hit play I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @malgorzatadebowski7711 [1 likes]: Most people ask me why I wake up early if I don't have to. But that's exactly the point — I wake up early because I want to. No alarm, no obligation. Just the gym, a walk, a longer day ahead. Since I retired, I noticed something shift in my mind. When you stop forcing yourself and start choosing — everything feels different. Energy, mood, purpose. It all comes down to how you set your mind.
  2. @dorothydisanto7601 [1 likes]: Nothing beats jumping out of bed after a really good night's sleep and starting my early walks. ❤
  3. @o2phone737: You are supposed to let your bed air for a few hours because of your sweat  skin dust mites
  4. @MabelMakwanise: Hey Mel, how is warm water for a start in the morning?
  5. @sergeachiepi5704: Thanks
  6. @ElaSaneva: ❤❤❤😊!!!
  7. @ayeshaabdulmalik466: Yup I make my bed
  8. @ayeshaabdulmalik466: I  was never a morning person but for growth I have started and I am a morning person from the last two years ❤
  9. @Vongsreynith: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @marilyndavis6066: i WILL START FIRST THING TOMORROW
  11. @Raskolnikov32: Set five alarms for work, hide them about bedroom, wake up late for work and all the alarms have been turned off by me with no awareness of having done it. 
So easy to say to just do this do that when your sleep self has no such rules.
  12. @NionSaks: the ranking format is smart because not all habits are equal. cold showers and meditation get all the hype but honestly consistent sleep schedule and a 2 minute morning check-in did more for me than any ice bath ever did. I do mine through Olimp Motivation - one quote, one intention, done. the boring simple stuff wins every time
  13. @armindreyer9932: It helps a lot
  14. @tracyeglington2694: Hi can I ask how soon do you have to do 10 min walk? I work from home and it’s dark outside when I start ? So can I do the 10 min walk hour or 2 later ? Thanks
  15. @LeAnne-e6b: 🙏🏻❤️
  16. @davidgibson4007: Dear God help it get to where right away when I get to the new place I start really cleaning up putting away my clothes I start really folding my clothes I am able to get a job at the day program and even if I don't get a job at the day program then I wait for thirty days and I wound up getting a gym with my money and that's when I get a job at the day program or a job out in the community or at some point and I still lift weights at home and as soon as I get there I wound up having a morning routine I wound up taking walks so my life will change more and more I wound up controlling my emotions more and more and I wound up asking Alex if I can still talk to him after the trail visit is over and if I am not able to then I will be more than fine without him and right away I start really working on goals and I am talking about 12 month goals in terms of the program and I also wound up doing everything and anything and I mean everything and anything that is required of me and I wound up holding myself accountable more and more and already I take charge of my life more and more already I wound up being a responsible person more and more
  17. @TheFulger321: Wow so much common sense
  18. @legingerie: My anxiety is way worse at night making it hard to decide I'm going to bed.
  19. @peacetruth3074: Mahalo for the free life coaching! Really appreciate it.
  20. @lucyli9188: thank you

- The Science Behind Morning Depression (And What to Do About It): Kind: captions Language: en Why do symptoms of depression seem to be at their&nbsp; very worst first thing in the morning? If this&nbsp;&nbsp; happens to you, you should know two things: Number&nbsp; one, this is really common. Number two, it's not just&nbsp;&nbsp; in your head. It's not just laziness or a lack of&nbsp; motivation. There are these massive hormonal shifts&nbsp;&nbsp; that have to do with your circadian rhythm that&nbsp; might be causing morning depression symptoms. So&nbsp;&nbsp; let's talk about five surprising biological&nbsp; causes of morning depression and then I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; give you five things you can do about it.&nbsp; [Music] Okay. Amethyst Amanda said, "I didn't know morning&nbsp;&nbsp; depression was so common. I dread getting out&nbsp; of bed and getting the day started. Once I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; up and moving my day usually gets better, but&nbsp; then at night it's a tossup. Some nights are&nbsp;&nbsp; fine; some are a one-way ticket to existential&nbsp; dread." What amethyst Amanda is describing is&nbsp;&nbsp; called diurnal variation, which basically means that&nbsp; certain feelings are influenced by hormones which&nbsp;&nbsp; fluctuate and spike throughout the day. Here's&nbsp; another comment, sent in by viewer @theEagle906:&nbsp;&nbsp; "In the morning I always get this weird feeling&nbsp; in my body, like a weight on my forehead, like I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; choking up and I just want to scream." Okay. So a lot&nbsp; of people feel like their depression symptoms are&nbsp;&nbsp; worst in the morning. Uh here's some other common&nbsp; ways people feel it. You may struggle to get out&nbsp;&nbsp; of bed. You may have no energy or feel exhausted.&nbsp; You might feel hopeless and overwhelmed about&nbsp;&nbsp; the upcoming day. Maybe you can't get yourself&nbsp; motivated or can't think clearly, like you have&nbsp;&nbsp; brain fog or you can't concentrate. Maybe you&nbsp; feel irritable, frustrated, or cranky, or perhaps&nbsp;&nbsp; you struggle to do simple tasks, like getting&nbsp; dressed or brushing your teeth. And some people&nbsp;&nbsp; even feel empty or numb. Okay. So what causes this?&nbsp; Why do so many people with depression experience&nbsp;&nbsp; their worst symptoms right when they wake up?&nbsp; Well, it helps to understand the body's internal&nbsp;&nbsp; clock, which is called the circadian rhythm. And&nbsp; by the way, here's my win for the day: I finally&nbsp;&nbsp; learned how to spell rhythm. Okay. So like I&nbsp; said, circadian rhythm is your body's internal&nbsp;&nbsp; clock. Not only does it help us fall asleep and&nbsp; wake up, but it also regulates our heart rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; our body temperature, our energy, our alertness,&nbsp; and our mood. Without us thinking about it, our&nbsp;&nbsp; body releases certain hormones throughout the day&nbsp; to help us regulate our biological processes and&nbsp;&nbsp; our activity levels. At night your brain begins to&nbsp; release melatonin, your body temperature decreases,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this helps us get ready to sleep. In the&nbsp; morning it releases a dump-truck load of cortisol,&nbsp;&nbsp; the stress hormone. And this is probably supposed&nbsp; to help us get moving and take action for our day.&nbsp;&nbsp; So what does this have to do with symptoms of&nbsp; depression? There's at least three things going&nbsp;&nbsp; on here. So cortisol levels are typically at their&nbsp; absolute highest right after waking up, and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty common for people to feel a spike in their&nbsp; anxiety first thing in the morning. So why would&nbsp;&nbsp; this make some people feel depressed? Here's&nbsp; my theory on this: Cortisol spikes paired with&nbsp;&nbsp; a depressed inaction lead to a trapped, frozen&nbsp; stress response in the body. So imagine it like&nbsp;&nbsp; this: You wake up with a ton of racing thoughts&nbsp; and a ton of buzzing energy paired with this&nbsp;&nbsp; chronic feeling of like, "Why try? This is hopeless.&nbsp; There's nothing I can do that's going to make my&nbsp;&nbsp; life better." And then on top of that, cortisol&nbsp; makes it hard to think clearly, which makes&nbsp;&nbsp; catastrophizing much more likely. So your nervous&nbsp; system might move right past activation into a&nbsp;&nbsp; shutdown mode, which is called the hypoarousal&nbsp; response. This is when your nervous nervous system&nbsp;&nbsp; flips the switch from "let's try hard" to "this&nbsp; is pointless. Let's conserve energy," and it shuts&nbsp;&nbsp; down. This is a subconscious survival response. Your&nbsp; body is trying to protect you from more pain, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it triggers that leaden feeling. It's dissociation,&nbsp; right? It makes it hard to move. It makes you feel&nbsp;&nbsp; numb. And this is the morning depression people&nbsp; are talking about, because moving is pointless.&nbsp;&nbsp; It would just lead to more pain. Okay. So I talk&nbsp; about this hypoarousal state in a bunch of other&nbsp;&nbsp; videos. Let's talk about the second thing that can&nbsp; cause morning depression. Studies have shown that&nbsp;&nbsp; people with depression and bipolar disorder have&nbsp; measurable differences in the RORA gene, the&nbsp;&nbsp; RORA gene, which is connected to the circadian&nbsp; rhythm. So this means that their body clock isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; aligned with when they're supposed to wake up. A&nbsp; higher percentage of people who are night owls&nbsp;&nbsp; develop depression, and many depressed people have&nbsp; a disorder called delayed sleep phase, which&nbsp;&nbsp; makes you want to wake up a little bit later and&nbsp; later each day. It's like each night your bed flew&nbsp;&nbsp; to a time zone that's an hour earlier, and it just&nbsp; feels impossible to catch up on sleep. And guess&nbsp;&nbsp; what? More than 60% of people with delayed sleep&nbsp; phase also have depression. Now, recent research&nbsp;&nbsp; is also showing that the hypothalamus could be a&nbsp; culprit of morning depression. So the hypothalamus&nbsp;&nbsp; is this little gland deep in your brain, and its&nbsp; job is to regulate hormone timing, also known as&nbsp;&nbsp; your circadian rhythm. And a recent study found&nbsp; that people who experience morning depression&nbsp;&nbsp; may have an inflamed hypothalamus. And in fact, the&nbsp; larger the hypothalamus gland, the more severe&nbsp;&nbsp; the depression. Okay. So what does this have to do&nbsp; with morning depression? Let me let me just step&nbsp;&nbsp; back just a minute. Don't hate me for this, but&nbsp; I'm totally a morning person. I am a lark. If I&nbsp;&nbsp; have a spike in negative feelings, it's usually&nbsp; at bedtime. When it comes to diurnal mood variation,&nbsp;&nbsp; the low mood period of the day tends to overlap&nbsp; with when the body temperature is the lowest,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is typically during sleep. We are built to&nbsp; sleep through the hours that mood and energy are&nbsp;&nbsp; at their lowest. But a lot of us have a literal&nbsp; alarm clock that fights our circadian clock. Your&nbsp;&nbsp; schedule might force you to be awake during the&nbsp; lowest time of your circadian rhythm, and you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to get up and get moving when your body is saying&nbsp; like, "Wait a minute. I'm not ready for this. I hate&nbsp;&nbsp; everything." So long story short, for many people&nbsp; with depression, the time that they're supposed&nbsp;&nbsp; to be waking up is right when their body clock&nbsp; is right in the middle of low energy, low mood&nbsp;&nbsp; state of their circadian rhythm, and that's what&nbsp; makes them physically feel leaden, groggy, and down.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not just laziness or a lack of motivation;&nbsp; it's a biological misalignment of their internal&nbsp;&nbsp; clock with the world's schedule. On to the third&nbsp; biological reason: Research has found that many&nbsp;&nbsp; people with depression may have higher levels&nbsp; of an inflammatory marker called interleukin-6. This&nbsp;&nbsp; inflammation-causing chemical rises and falls at&nbsp; different times for different people, but it most&nbsp;&nbsp; commonly peaks when? Guess! In the early morning,&nbsp; which may contribute to depressive symptoms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Research is still new in this area, but chronic&nbsp; inflammation may play a role here. Luckily, there is&nbsp;&nbsp; something you can do about inflammation: exercise,&nbsp; staying hydrated, a healthy diet, anti-inflammatory&nbsp;&nbsp; drugs, and stress-reduction techniques might&nbsp; also help reduce depression by lowering IL-6&nbsp;&nbsp; levels or improving brain health. Okay. So those&nbsp; are the first three biological reasons why your&nbsp;&nbsp; depression symptoms might spike in the morning.&nbsp; They're all related to your circadian rhythm, the&nbsp;&nbsp; cortisol awakening response, a misalignment of your&nbsp; body clock and your alarm clock, and inflammation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So hang tight here because we're going to&nbsp; talk about how to do a circadian rhythm reset in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a minute. But first we have to talk about&nbsp; sleep disorders and sleep deprivation. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; a reason why I have a long playlist of videos&nbsp; about sleep. Depression is very closely related&nbsp;&nbsp; to sleep disorders, and sleep disorders impact&nbsp; mood and energy levels. Sleep phase disorders, like&nbsp;&nbsp; I mentioned above, like a delayed sleep phase or&nbsp; an advanced sleep phase and other disorders, like&nbsp;&nbsp; sleep apnea, seasonal affective disorder, parasomnia,&nbsp; insomnia, struggling to fall asleep, struggling to&nbsp;&nbsp; stay asleep - all of these can aggravate depression,&nbsp; and depression can aggravate them. It's a vicious&nbsp;&nbsp; cycle. And one study found that for people with&nbsp; both depression and insomnia, when their insomnia&nbsp;&nbsp; was treated 87% of them saw their depression go&nbsp; away. And even if you don't have a sleep disorder,&nbsp;&nbsp; simply not getting enough sleep can absolutely&nbsp; be a contributing factor to depression in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving you feeling exhausted and unmotivated in&nbsp; the morning. So this sounds too simple, like don't&nbsp;&nbsp; hate me, but have you tried getting more sleep?&nbsp; Okay. I know that's too complicated. Some people&nbsp;&nbsp; with depression sleep too much. Some people just&nbsp; can't get enough sleep. Sleep is a struggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can learn to improve your sleep. Okay. No shame here.&nbsp; Just like, this is an option. Okay. All right. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; move on. That takes us to our next point: Being&nbsp; depressed makes you exhausted, but being exhausted&nbsp;&nbsp; can make you depressed. So when we're treating&nbsp; depression we have to explore whether your&nbsp;&nbsp; low energy is from a physical illness that's not&nbsp; being treated. So maybe it's low thyroid or anemia&nbsp;&nbsp; or low vitamin D or a hundred other disorders that&nbsp; make people feel exhausted or low energy. So it's&nbsp;&nbsp; usually a good idea to work with a doctor to rule&nbsp; these things out. Okay. So there's five biological&nbsp;&nbsp; causes for morning depression. Now, let's talk about&nbsp; five really good treatments that you can do for&nbsp;&nbsp; it. The first treatment is counterintuitive. Would&nbsp; you believe that sleep deprivation can treat your&nbsp;&nbsp; depression? Researchers have found that if you&nbsp; combine light therapy with missing two nights&nbsp;&nbsp; of sleep in a week, you can reset your circadian&nbsp; rhythm, and this can be an effective treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; for depression. Dr. Tracey Marks made a video. She's a&nbsp; psychiatrist. She made a video on how to implement&nbsp;&nbsp; this, so I'll link that video below. There are&nbsp; some other ways to reset your circadian rhythm&nbsp;&nbsp; that aren't as extreme. Light therapy is one of my&nbsp; favorite treatments for depression because it's so&nbsp;&nbsp; easy and effective. Light exposure is one of the&nbsp; biggest factors that your brain uses to set your&nbsp;&nbsp; circadian rhythm to know when to wake up, when to&nbsp; release cortisol, when to release melatonin. And&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple studies have shown that light therapy is&nbsp; effective for up to 60% of people with depression.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can use sunlight or a light therapy box to get&nbsp; morning light exposure. And usually it's for like&nbsp;&nbsp; 15 to 30 minutes. It's pretty easy to do, pretty&nbsp; inexpensive. You can also micro-dose melatonin at&nbsp;&nbsp; night to help reset your circadian rhythm. So&nbsp; most tablets are 3 to 5 milligrams. To micro-dose&nbsp;&nbsp; you take a half milligram starting much earlier&nbsp; in the evening, like 5:00 p.m. And this can help&nbsp;&nbsp; reset your circadian rhythm. But to do this you&nbsp; have to be able to source quality melatonin. And&nbsp;&nbsp; Tracey Marks describes in her video how this works.&nbsp; But most melatonin supplements are not, they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; regulated. They have a varying amount of melatonin.&nbsp; So you really have to get a good melatonin supply&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to get that micro-dose earlier in the&nbsp; evening and reset your circadian rhythm. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; thing that can help is if you time your medication.&nbsp; So if your medication makes you sleepy, take it at&nbsp;&nbsp; night. If your medication wakes you up, take it in&nbsp; the morning. The times of day that we eat, exercise,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sleep all impact our circadian rhythm. So don't&nbsp; do exciting things like eating or exercising right&nbsp;&nbsp; before bedtime. Doing those things earlier in&nbsp; the day will help you get tired at night and&nbsp;&nbsp; feel rested and awake in the morning. Okay. Let's&nbsp; address the big one for morning depression, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is managing the cortisol awakening response. So&nbsp; when you feel frozen by the morning cortisol&nbsp;&nbsp; flooding your system, just start with one simple&nbsp; step. Literally put your feet on the floor and&nbsp;&nbsp; take a step. Movement is the best way to counteract&nbsp; depression's freeze response and to channel all&nbsp;&nbsp; that energy into a helpful place. Don't wait until&nbsp; you feel better to take action. Movement is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to help you burn off that cortisol, and you'll&nbsp; feel more proud of yourself for getting up and&nbsp;&nbsp; going. Did you catch yourself shutting down that&nbsp; idea right away? That is depression talking. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; it's tough to plan a morning routine. And so to get&nbsp; yourself to take this action when you don't feel&nbsp;&nbsp; good, when you don't feel motivated, you might need&nbsp; to brainstorm with a friend or find something that&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll look forward to in the morning. Now, I know&nbsp; this can be really tough. So let's let's talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; how to line some things up that might help. Uh one&nbsp; of the things that I've seen has been effective&nbsp;&nbsp; is to have someone call or text you to check in. So&nbsp; in the morning they call you at 8:00 and be like, "Hey, how&nbsp;&nbsp; are you doing? What are you looking forward today?&nbsp; Oh, yeah? What clothes are you going to wear today?"&nbsp;&nbsp; And they kind of talk you through your morning&nbsp; routine. Another thing that's maybe a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more extreme but might be helpful is to get a&nbsp; dog who wants to go on a walk. They're not going&nbsp;&nbsp; to let you get out of that. Um for some people&nbsp; having someone who's relying on you can help&nbsp;&nbsp; you get motivated. So if you have to get up and get&nbsp; breakfast for your kids or if you have a coworker&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have to drive to work. that might help&nbsp; you feel motivated enough to get moving. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; a couple other things that can help you get moving&nbsp; when you're having a hard time. And one of them is&nbsp;&nbsp; just focus on just one task at a time. So put your&nbsp; feet on the floor, stand up, brush your teeth. Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; do all three at once; just do one at a time. Feed&nbsp; your pet. Right? And just focus on one task. Do one&nbsp;&nbsp; task. And it can also help to count down to it. So&nbsp; you go 5 4 3 2 1, and you take that step out&nbsp;&nbsp; of bed. Another thing that's really important is&nbsp; to always congratulate yourself. So the depressed&nbsp;&nbsp; mind is going to like harass you. It's going to say,&nbsp; "Oh, wow, you got out of bed. Any idiot can get out of&nbsp;&nbsp; bed." That is depression sucking away your energy. So&nbsp; instead, give yourself grace, even if it feels corny.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll say like, "Oh, great job, Emma. You got yourself&nbsp; moving. That was hard for you." Whenever I do a hard&nbsp;&nbsp; task I try to be like, "Okay, good job, Emma" and like&nbsp; literally like verbally give myself a pat on the&nbsp;&nbsp; back. Okay. Another thing that's helpful is to have&nbsp; like something positive in your morning routine to&nbsp;&nbsp; look forward to. So this might be like reading&nbsp; something happy; practicing gratitude; avoiding&nbsp;&nbsp; scary news and social media; wearing something&nbsp; funny, like wearing funny socks; or reminding&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself that during the day you often get feeling&nbsp; better. You could also make a little extra time in&nbsp;&nbsp; your morning routine so that you're not so rushed&nbsp; and stressed. So if you give yourself a little&nbsp;&nbsp; extra time, maybe if you finish getting ready you&nbsp; can watch your watch a little show that you enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; or listen to some music or do a quick stretch or&nbsp; a little bit of yoga in the morning, something that&nbsp;&nbsp; feels good to you. And then another thing that&nbsp; I think is helpful is during the afternoons&nbsp;&nbsp; or whenever you have a little bit more energy,&nbsp; plan something to look forward to. So if you plan&nbsp;&nbsp; something later in the week that you look forward&nbsp; to, that can help you get moving each day. Or if you&nbsp;&nbsp; plan something tomorrow afternoon to look forward&nbsp; to, that can help you get out of bed in the morning.&nbsp;&nbsp; Another thing that's going to help you get out&nbsp; of bed, clearly, is if you get enough sleep. And&nbsp;&nbsp; sleep hygiene can help you improve the quality of&nbsp; your sleep. And I made a video on this if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn more about it. But it's like decreasing&nbsp; caffeine, alcohol, heavy food, drugs, nicotine, screen&nbsp;&nbsp; time - anything that improves your sleep can help&nbsp; improve your depression. Okay. Talk therapy can&nbsp;&nbsp; also help you build a life that you look forward&nbsp; to instead of dreading. So it can help you. Therapy&nbsp;&nbsp; can help you break down the overwhelming parts&nbsp; of your life into manageable problems that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can solve one at a time. You can learn to take&nbsp; care of yourself, set reasonable goals, and feel&nbsp;&nbsp; empowered in your own life. So when you have some&nbsp; hope that you can take action today to make your&nbsp;&nbsp; life better, suddenly it doesn't all seem so dreary.&nbsp; Okay. Medication can also be an effective treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; for morning depression, and some of the recent&nbsp; research suggests that the most common type of&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-depressants, SSRIs like Lexapro or Prozac, may&nbsp; not be as helpful for morning depression as SNRIs.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you could ask your doctor about that. Mornings&nbsp; can be hard, especially when you have depression,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think it's good to acknowledge that it's&nbsp; not just in your head. There are things you can&nbsp;&nbsp; do with your biology that can help. Get the help&nbsp; of your doctor and your therapist. And find one&nbsp;&nbsp; part of this video that resonates with you, and&nbsp; find a way to implement that in tiny steps. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you'd like some extra support you could check out&nbsp; my membership. I've got eight courses on there, and&nbsp;&nbsp; I do a monthly call with my members where I answer&nbsp; your questions and provide a little bit of support.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you can check that out if you'd like to learn&nbsp; more ways to implement these tiny changes that&nbsp;&nbsp; we're talking about. I feel really passionate about&nbsp; this because I really have seen that when people&nbsp;&nbsp; make these small changes a little at a time, your&nbsp; depression can get much better. It can get - it can&nbsp;&nbsp; go from being overwhelming to feeling manageable,&nbsp; and then eventually being like not that big of a&nbsp;&nbsp; deal or even resolved. So I hope that's really&nbsp; helpful for you. If any part of this video has&nbsp;&nbsp; been helpful for you, I would really appreciate it&nbsp; if you give it the thumbs up or leave a comment&nbsp;&nbsp; below. Or if you can think of someone who could&nbsp; benefit from this video, it would help them, then&nbsp;&nbsp; go ahead and share it with them because that tells&nbsp; the algorithm that people are benefiting from my&nbsp;&nbsp; content, and that helps helps the algorithm show&nbsp; it to more people, and they can learn the things&nbsp;&nbsp; that'll help them. So really appreciate&nbsp; it. Thank you for being here, and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [94 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @michaelgawel5823 [1 likes]: Having to get up and work a shity job!
  3. @KaelaMensha: It is because people get up too early,  and never actually wake up
  4. @michelebailey2780: Thank you for this. Your video found me! I was just telling my church counselor that im not a morning person, never have been. I get up around 10am each morning. I used to work at 8 30am and stopped having morning jobs because i can't wake up! Im stuck between awake and asleep, then my heart would pound really hard like i ran a marathon. So nowadays, i work jobs that start later and feel much better.
  5. @georginahonestly: Thank you, very helpful.
  6. @susanfraser7333: Talking to people in the morning is then worst!
  7. @MentinkPC: I've been feeling so tired and sluggish in the mornings. My issue is having 2 jobs and a young toddler prevents me from getting a sufficient amount of sleep most of the time so some of these suggestions may help me. I also tend to get analysis paralysis when looking at a full to-do list right away so focusing on only 1 task at a time may alleviate that. Thank you for this video
  8. @countvlad8845: Excellent.  What happens when you wake up around 6 am, and instead of rising, you try to get back to sleep, only to have a real downer of a day?  You are fighting your circadian rhythm because there is light outside.  Can you set your circadian rhythm for later in the morning?  How does that happen?
  9. @LeRae-s3y: It's the "fud" Fake UNnatural DIE-its.  Big corp$e$ $tockholder 🗑🚮 garbage. 


I went Keto, Ketovore, to  CARNIVORE or LION lifestyle and it fixed it for me.
  10. @damamae950: This morning angst is me. My depression is treated well with meds and life changes, but when something disrupts my rhythm (travel, camping, etc.) I struggle to get up. I feel like a drunk. When I'm a house guest, I don't wanna talk to anyone! How can they be so cheerful?? Now I'm retired and work to maintain a healthy schedule... But still. Thank God for coffee or I'd be nothing.  P.S. - Having my dog helps me get up.
  11. @miaab3655: I wake up with anxiety and nausea.  And now a new distressing symptom has recently appeared.  I'm a very sensitive person and I care about others and desire deep connections.  But because of how I feel when I wake up I've started experiencing self loathing because I am so cranky, onery, uncaring, impatient and selfish.
  12. @amb7440: I feel that as humans we are all interconnected and I believe we are connected to all living things.  Especially in the US. I feel we know things are not right and there is a darkness impacting our collective well-being.  Is a society and more importantly as a community I feel we need to let go of the political ideologies that are separating us in care more about each other.  That does not mean except abuse and vitriol from others. But instead look for commonalities.  I think many of us are feeling the lack of community and maybe even safety as a collective.  Let's do whatever little things we can do to change that.  Much healing and strength and love to everyone Commenting here.
  13. @vansnyder9499: I'd be interested if there's a way to not have dreams about thigs that make you depressed.
  14. @peggybyrne6533: SUCH good stuff!!  I share with all I can think about. Your manner as well as your content is so easy to learn from.  THIS topic has been an issue for me in the last few weeks, and it is helpful to hear it normalized.   Thanks so much!!  Well done!
  15. @mkilderlong124: CRY-1 gene is in people with a night owl sleep schedule.
  16. @suemitchel-runow3566: i now catch it as soon i realize im awake
  17. @RootBound505: WHO has a friend or even family that will call or text in the morning? Or ever for that matter?? That one hurts hard
  18. @Nannabis72: I literally feel sick when it's a particularly bad morning. If the night was rougher than usual, it's brutal in the morning.
  19. @sstephaniestearns: I get up and do a few things first thing like brush teeth, take care of my cat's needs, fix breakfast and then I don't want to do anything else... I don't do drugs, drink alcohol and I eat healthy, anti inflammatory foods.
  20. @charliechuggerz: i’m really glad i searched out this video. i have depression and in the morning it feels overwhelming

- Get More Attention on Social Media with Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to teach you how to get more attention on social media with patent interrupt 3D video ads hi I'm Murray also known as creativeman on fiverr.com in this video I'm going to talk about these things I'm going to talk about what is a pattern interrupt 3D video ad I'm going to show you examples of pattern interrupt 3D video ads I'm going to show you all my FAQs my frequently asked questions I'm going to share how to make your pattern interrupt 3D video ads convert better and I'm going to share my order requirements if you'd like me to make you a patent interrupt 3D video ad for your business so first let me show you my gig video it's about a minute long if you've already just watched it recently then just fast forward a minute hi I'm Murray also known as creative man here on Fiverr and this gig I'll create a patent interrupt 3D video ad to help you get more attention for your brand are you struggling to get your business seen on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram posts not getting the attention they deserve I can create pattern interrupt 3D video ads that are proven to explode engagement likes and shares with these style of ads they'll bring your post more click and leads than ever before because they are brand new and the animations appear to pop out of the screen people love to share these attention getting videos because they are so unique and sometimes they even go viral message me to see my YouTube playlist of all available animations you can also copy the playlist link from my gig description below basic plan is for one pattern interrupt 3D video ad for Facebook standard plan is for two versions of the same pattern interrupt 3D video ads for Facebook and Instagram Premium plan is three versions of the same video Facebook Instagram and an ad friendly neutral version which you can also use in paid ads and on other platforms like Tick Tock YouTube shorts Pinterest Twitter and Linkedin etc for regular monthly patent interrupt 3D video ad content be sure to click subscribe to save check out my playlist of examples and order today now you may have been through my website gigdemo.com where you take a 30 second quiz and I suggest different marketing Services based on what stage of marketing that you're at based on your budget and many other factors on the second question in my quiz if you click that you're on stage two media content and go through the next few steps then pattern interrupt 3D video ads is one of my recommendations and you'll arrive at my Google Presentation for pattern interrupt 3D video ads so if we just click on slideshow here and here you can find all the links to the gig examples more examples but let me just give you an example of these so these are short video clips that repeat I can use any image behind here you might already have some good images on your social media Pages already that we can use and put that in behind and then I have an animation on top that really grabs attention and appears to pop out of the news feed I can control if it's a Facebook post with this Facebook icons we can control the social proof count here your page profile image I mean these would come straight from your Facebook page but I can do many different platforms not just Facebook I can do Instagram and Linkedin and I can have neutral designs for different social networks and then we can have the text here website links and call to actions and hashtags Etc here's one for a roofing company foreign [Music] okay so you get the idea I'm just going to come down to the next page um Pizza Company I mean I'm not going to go through all of them I'll just be out of there and here's some more examples okay so on my Fiverr profile fiverr.com forward slash creative man you can see my gig here and by the way while you're here you can also hover your mouse here and a video plays in behind this not many Fiverr profiles have this but you check that out but if you come down here into my portfolio section see projects I've got some here under pattern interrupt 3D video ads and this is the second group of videos got some examples here you can check these out it's quite an awesome one these sort of animations you could apply the animation to almost any Niche you know it doesn't have to be so specific to your niche so feel free to check these out there's a few more here this is a restaurant one where a burger gets created in the animation just really grabs attention on the news feed and there's an econ one where this comes in here construction this is where dogs come across you can come and check this out later also if you jump over to my YouTube channel and click on the shorts tab you can visually see all the different animations I've got and I've got many more than this so if you've got some ideas you can tell me um what you might be thinking of and I might have an animation that really fits that well just tell me your industry your Niche that you're in and uh yeah you can check out these but I've got other animations on top of this so this video you're watching now is going to go at the top here and uh yeah you can come down and check out these different animations this is sorted based on the niche or industry down here but for every industry you know you could have hundreds of different types of animations that will fit your industry so don't feel like it's just one specific animation like this one with a space Band you know get out of this world results well your business might be providing out of this world results and you know instead of this image here you can have a space image actually would probably look better with the space image there and you can have other ones like this if we can click on this one you know that could be your image in the background and you can have a character come along here and be encouraging people to like on the post now let me show you how to make your pattern interrupt 3D video ads convert better I'll show you this video so your animation will be a bold entrance and that's really going to grab people's attention in the news feed because they're not used to animations that appear to pop out over the post and it's more likely people are going to share your posts because it's really great people's attention it's short but has the perfect mix of also being really engaging as well you want to speak to your audience with personality you know entertainment is part of selling feature a strong call to action this is key to the entire video tell your viewers what they need to do otherwise you're impressing them but they're left confused about what to do next so good call to actions use coupon code head to our store comment below drop a testimonial buy two get one free so it's really clear what the call to action is okay frequently asked questions just before I get to that uh this is the main gig video this here is actually an audio file you can click here and listen to me there hey how you going Marketing in general this is just a screenshot of what Premium plan looks like so you're getting a Facebook version that's got the Facebook icons there uh Instagram with the Instagram icons there and then you get a ad friendly version like if I go and click on this it'll be bigger the ad friendly version um doesn't have any social media icons up here but you can also run that in ads and have no problems and you could also use it for other different platforms like Tick Tock YouTube Pinterest Twitter LinkedIn and other platforms and this slide here is talking about subscribe to save if you click subscribe to save here you can save time and effort with automatic monthly orders no commitment cancel any time work long term with me as seller so that's an option as well I just want to bring your attention to PDFs because you might not have seen PDFs in gigs before if you click view presentation I've actually copied all my FAQs here but I will show you them down further Below in just a minute and these are just some more examples here but yeah if we go down on the gig down here you can see all my frequently asked questions can I see some of your examples and I've got the YouTube link you always need a copy and paste fiber never makes them clickable but they're okay with YouTube links and just tell me which animation you want to use when you order what exactly you're offering this gig can read that how many videos am I getting all the different plans shows you here you can just sift through the plans most people go with a Premium plan because it gives you the Facebook and the Instagram version and an ad friendly version you can use on different platforms as well animations for my industry check out my examples or categories of animations there you go all there can you assist with the wording yes I can help can you post these videos to my page for me watch me my Premium plan having an ad friendly version some people get a bit confused so just read this one can you run this as a video ad on Facebook and Instagram yes just message me for details and how can I get pattern interrupt 3D video ads on a regular basis that's just talking about the subscribe to save so I've copied my requirements from this gig into a notepad file and this is it here so this is what you'll be asked when you order what is your name what is your business name what are all your social media links not your usernames you know what are your links for Facebook Instagram Tick Tock you know the more I have the more context I can grab about your industry example these would be your social media links and what is your website link I'm sure I can find that on your social media profiles but if you can give me some link they'll help me get things started quicker let's just confirming what package you're ordering so basic plan is one pattern interrupt video ad for Facebook stand plan is two versions of the same video for Facebook and Instagram same video Facebook Instagram and AD friendly version I explained this really clearly at 40 seconds into my gig video if you just watch it from Five Seconds basic plan is for one pattern interrupt 3D video ad for Facebook standard plan is for two versions of the same pattern interrupt 3D video ads for Facebook and Instagram Premium plan is three versions of the same video Facebook Instagram and an ad friendly neutral version which you can also use in paid ads and on other Pinterest Twitter and Linkedin Etc then under requirements so bring your attention back to my examples just to make sure that you've seen examples of the animations that I can do and then chosen animation for example if you wanted this one where the money bags fall down on this Grant Cardone example then let me know just say it's the money bags falling one or the grand Cardone one or if you want the Iron Man one then just copy and paste the whole whole thing here images if you have an image you'd like me to use please attach it landscape format is best with the image it'll be pasted in here it's actually better without the text because there's a lot going on like if we look at this real estate one you know it's a it's a simple image of a house might be a house you're selling if you're in real estate you don't want to have the background image too busy like this restaurant one got the restaurant scene that could be inside your shop or store or anything that explains your business so if you have an image you'd like me to use please attach it landscape format is best or just say use from one of my other social media posts that's what I often do or just say use an appropriate royalty free image copy and paste whatever you want there and please note you know simple is best a real wordy banner fly is a bad idea as text will be too small to read if the image is congruent to the animation you chose it'll look better for example if you wanted the astronaut then a space scene behind it it's going to look a bit better now text this is this is optional I can come up with this but if you want to come up with something then you can send it through and I'll be using emoticons and things so this is the text that shows here it's only 60 characters per line approximately some animations I don't quite have that much room so yeah I recommend a few sentences some Emoji so it stands out more some lines of no space so it stands out better and a clear call to action and a few lines for hashtags if you like and in terms of social proof we just go back with that this video we've got 76 000 likes as social proof I can put any number you like there I could put Millions this Grant cardoneware and I've got 926 000. this one here 153 000. so if you'd like a copy of these requirements I can send them through to you as well so when you've explored my animations in my YouTube playlist and remember you can have like hundreds of different animations for your particular industry many of them are very versatile then jump over to my gig and uh yeah you can place an order and do subscribe to save if you like and if you have any further questions just reach out okay cheers right bye-bye

- Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads for Online Coach: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] are you online coaching and struggling to get your business seen on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram post not getting the attention they deserve look it's harder than ever before to get people to click on your posts and ads so what is the solution well today I'd like to show you a breakthrough new type of 3D style pop-out ads that will explode your business's engagement likes and shares thank you with these style of attention grabbing ads they will bring your online coaching posts more clicks and leads than ever before because they are brand new and literally pop out of the screen people love to share these types of ads and sometimes they even go viral they have been proven to boost clicks on posts and ads imagine when your post comes alive and they see something bouncing out of their screen or when you run a special offer like 20 off all online business coaching this week if you need a little more information well why not get in touch today for a no obligation quote and see how these brand new 3D ads can help boost your business today

- Pattern Interrupt 3D Video Ads for Fitness Niche: Kind: captions Language: en are you in the fitness world and struggling to get attention on social media are your regular Facebook and Instagram posts struggling to get the attention they deserve look it's harder than ever before to get people to click on your posts and ads so what is the solution well today I have to share to a breakthrough new type of 3D style pop-out ads that will explode your engagement likes and shares [Music] so with this style of attention grabbing ads they will bring your Fitness business more clicks and needs than ever before because they are brand new and literally pop out of the screen people love to share these types of ads and sometimes they even go viral they have been proven to boost clicks on posts and ads imagine when your post comes alive and they see something bouncing out of their screen or run a special seasonal offer like an Easter Christmas or Black Friday deal and make it stand out from the rest need a little more information well why not get in touch today for a no obligation quote and see how these brand new 3D ads can help boost your business today

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- Daily Life Insights #12 - Create a Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en what's good everybody just gonna film a little video here i just finished my workout and came up with a little observation or a little thought that i was having in terms of something really important um and very valuable for improving yourself uh day by day so one thing i realized about me and probably about many other people is that you know we're really just going through life mostly in just an autopilot automatic response the same way we've been doing for a very long time that just keeps getting us the same results whether that be good or bad and the main thing you need to realize is understand that who you are right now or how you are right now is just your programming it's just the way you've been consistently acting and it's what your brain is comfortable with it's just auto autopilot it's been keeping you alive and it's happy with it because you're not dead that's the main thing but obviously for most people what you're doing right now is probably not the ultimate goal it's not who you really want to be or who you really believe you could be so you know you ask yourself how do i actually change and you gotta realize that like human beings we're a learning machine we can adapt and we are built to adapt to whatever we consistently do the main thing is you just need what i call a pattern interrupt in your life to switch you or just to like gradually change the direction even if it's one percent just a little minor change of what you're doing how you're thinking how you're acting et cetera so a big thing you got to try and do is no matter how small it is let's say you just want to start working out you want to start reading more you want to meditate you want to do anything productive you got to just get the ball rolling man you got to just take baby steps and i know everyone knows this but people don't understand how powerful how quickly you can change as long as you just you you kind of get over that initial inertia of starting something new and then your body and your brain will take care of the rest because it's your new pattern the same way you could be a super lazy unmotivated person right now and it's automatic you could be a super motivated hustler and make that automatic too if you just slowly just just move your your your mindset to you the better way so a big thing i've been doing is for any minor change anything you want to just do better literally do whatever it takes man like if you got to literally go for a walk for five minutes let's say you've never exercised and that's the most you can do and then you reward yourself with a netflix show when you come back it's better than nothing because all you got to do is with a pattern interrupt and with actually changing your way of being that will slowly change your thoughts and then build it subconsciously because eventually you'll start being like damn okay so i actually went out i did the five minute walk i didn't feel like it i was tired um but i still did it and then the next day you're gonna wake up slowly thinking differently be like okay five minutes was easy maybe i could do 10 minutes 20 minutes maybe i can go for a run today maybe i can actually go hit the gym boom boom boom give it six months you're hitting gym every day give it six months you're working on your business every day six months you're reading every day whatever it is uh you just gotta slowly be consistent and i would say honestly whatever you gotta do in the beginning if you gotta really like have a crazy reward at the end of it just to get the ball rolling do it as long as it's not forever you're not like taking a year to start go to the gym one time a week or whatever it is then it's better than nothing just start moving start the ball rolling in the right direction and then the rest will take care of itself if you stay consistent

  Top Comments:
  1. @aaronbell5964: 😴 𝖕𝖗𝖔𝖒𝖔𝖘𝖒

- How the Super Women Daily Call and "Pattern Interrupt" Helped Me Change a Habit: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody Laura Mills here want to share a little situation that happened with me today where Layla's message of patterned pattern interrupt uh helped me through a just a very small situation I have a love hate relationship with coffee and I was drinking a lot of it before Denver during Denver and after Denver thinking I was just going to conquer the world and coffee was going to help me realize that was not helping my mind body spirit in any way so I stopped and last night had a very late night and this morning was kind of dragging and was driving and thought I'll just stop in and get a little cup and pattern interrupt popped up and then the little voice said well you usually get a large why not just get a small and Layla said pattern interrupt in the back of my head and my Superwoman Powers kicked in and I drove by I did not get the coffee and in doing that I felt a shift I felt a burst of energy that I would not have gotten from the coffee it came from inside and it showed me the power I have in my decision and that I am a superwoman and that um a couple other things also came up with this I felt in thinking about sharing the story that it was too small it was no big deal Small Potatoes and then I realized I'm really comparing myself with other people's stories in comparison comparing myself with anybody else is not fair to me and that's just not a good habit to have so that's another pattern interrupt so here I'm sharing my little story and also realizing that it is the Little Steps it's the baby steps that matter it's the baby steps we make each day that make us a new person in a week or a year or five years so I took a baby step today and stepped into my power as a Creator in my life and thank you love you all look forward to talking tomorrow bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @dcpoweron: You are awesome Laura!! Love your point on baby steps adding up to big changes :-)

- Relationship Advice: Pattern Interrupts: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends welcome back this is my lovely wife Sonica my name is Christian today we're going to be talking about how how to quickly Break Free of when you're feeling angry hurt really offended there's a way for most of us when we feel a strong emotion we have a tendency to get all serious about and get stuck around it and we have to talk about it for a long time and we've actually found some really quick easy ways to just totally bust us up from from being pissed off to just laughing hysterically and so we'll give you a couple of examples here and uh we swear to God they're real life examples we actually do this at home so one day we were hanging out in the HUD tub all our whole family and our daughter was huffing puffing mad it didn't matter what I said or anybody else said she just got mad or still so pretend Sonica as our daughter and here's what I actually did want to be friends and she she tried really hard to hang on to be a man and it lasted about 20 seconds and then she just busted up here's another one that I learned actually when I studied with Tony Robinson 20 years ago is he talked about um when somebody's really pissed off he can do this all right here's another good example when the conversation is going nowhere you're just not getting anywhere you just break into ridiculous singing like Danish and nobody will take you Ser you after that or here's my favorite right so every time I get really pissed off at Christian and we are just at this little bit of an impass I will do something really mature like this and this is what actually happens we just break up yeah it's really hard to hold your blank face in the face of that so we would invite you to play with what are some different pattern interrupts you can put into your own relationship when you're in that place of feeling pissed off or hurt and you can't quite get off of it and and actually talking about it just makes it worse what's a fun little something you can do like that that'll bust you up into laughter remind you of of the lightness of yourself yes you'll come up with something for sure yeah have fun with it blessing for actually let us know what you come up with oh yeah send us an email that would be great you can find it on our website our website address is on the description of this actually let's put it out we'll put the email out on a slide Hereafter send that to us that'd be great yeah have fun creating pattern interrupts blessings to you blessings

  Top Comments:
  1. @QueenMsLee1: I actually am the one to do something goofy when I am mad.  I stick out my toungue and go Plbbbbbbttttt!!!
  2. @peppyjames: I love you guys! Thanks for that!! :)
  3. @jonnyBB3B: lol. This is class!!!
  4. @MarcelleAllen: I'm a fan of the chicken dance.... people just LAUGH...

- Pattern Interrupt   Emotional Loops: Kind: captions Language: en-IN Pattern Interrupt - Emotional Loops: Are your past stories still writing your present?&nbsp; Many highly skilled professionals&nbsp; feel stuck in recurring patterns,&nbsp;&nbsp; unable to break free from old narratives that&nbsp; dictate their relationships and inner peace.&nbsp; If you’re yearning for clarity, balance, and&nbsp; authentic self-expression, you're not alone.&nbsp; Our proven methods will&nbsp; help you reframe narratives.&nbsp; For free consultation click&nbsp; on the link in the bio.

- What Is Pattern Interruption For Online Dating Messages? - Your Online Dating Guru: Kind: captions Language: en What is pattern interruption for online dating messages? Imagine receiving a message that makes you stop and think. That's what pattern interruption aims to do in online dating. It's a way to break the usual flow of messages that everyone sends. When you start with something unexpected, it grabs attention and sparks curiosity. Most people tend to send simple greetings like, "Hi, how are you?" or hey there. These are familiar and often ignored. Pattern interruption flips that script. Instead of following the same old routine, you introduce something surprising or funny. For example, referencing a unique detail from their profile or asking an unusual question. This shows you've taken the time to read their profile and are genuinely interested. It also makes your message stand out from the crowd. Using humor can be a great way to do this. A funny comment or playful tease can make your message memorable. Personalization is key. Mention specific hobbies, favorite books, or travel destinations they love. This makes your message feel tailored just for them. When you do this, it disrupts their expectation of receiving generic messages. They're more likely to respond because your message feels different and engaging. Storytelling is another effective tactic. Starting with a short, relevant story related to their interests can peak curiosity. It invites them to reply and share their own stories. Avoid cliches or overused phrases. Instead, craft a message that shows your personality and genuine interest. Pattern interruption is not about being weird or random. It's about being thoughtful and creative in your approach. It helps you get past the initial while of autopilot responses. When you succeed in catching their attention early, you set the stage for a more meaningful conversation. Remember, the goal is to make a memorable first impression. Using pattern interruption in your opening lines can turn a bland message into a conversation starter that gets noticed. It's a simple yet powerful way to stand out in the crowded world of online dating.

- Change Your Life With Pattern Interrupts (And Achieve Presence Without Meditation): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys what's up beon here coming to you from the Black Forest in Germany today I want to talk about how you can drastically alter the course of your life for the better today and we're going to do this with something called pattern interrupts so what is a pattern interrupt well imagine that every single day you go for a walk in the woods and you take exactly the same path and one day you decide to switch it up and you take a detour off your regular path so you take a different route on one day what are you going to experience on that day well the first thing is the state of Engagement you're going to be off of autopilot and your mind is going to be engaged with the present moment now I don't mean this in a mindfulness sense you're not going to be deliberately focusing your mind on the here and now but rather you're going to be in a situation that's unfamiliar to you you're going to be doing something different and so your mind is going to be forced to focus on the present moment your thoughts are not going to be in the past or in the future but rather open to the stimulus of your environment so that you don't get killed and so you can spot you know things that can help your survival Etc um so you're going to be engaged in a of a aut pilot that's the first point the second point is that you're going to get some perspective on your regular habitual path so you might climb a hill on this new path and you might see where your old path starts and ends and you might find you might see ways that you can take detours bit by mosquitoes here um and you might see obstacles that you can sort of go around and so forth and in general you'll get a better idea of where your habitual path lies in the context of your larger environment and the third point is that your going to um come across paths that you've never you know that you never knew existed that you never knew were options for you and you know you're also going to encounter people who you've never crossed paths with you know that are walking these other paths so you're going to experience a lot of new things you're going to broaden your horizon you're going to get perspective and chances are the following day you're probably not going to take your regular habitual path again you're probably going to take some you know at least part of this this detour that you took on this um day where you're doing this pattern interrupt and that's a exactly what a pattern interrupt is is when you do something that goes against your routine um that basically immerses you in a different environment or in a different activity that gives you perspective that um puts you know broadens your horizons and can help you even change your behavior and this is really important because uh we're largely run by our routines and our habits as you probably know so what we did yesterday we're probably doing today and we're probably going to do tomorrow as well so it's really useful to make these pattern interrupts part of our regular routines as well so that we can uh systematically broaden our Horizons get perspective and also change our own behaviors if that's what we want to do you know whether that's dropping old behaviors that we don't like or starting new behaviors and new habits so that's basically what uh pattern interrupt is um and if you look at your own life um I'm sure you can relate to this you know if you look at those things that you're most proud of and the best things you've accomplished you'll probably find that at some level they were caused because uh change was forced upon you or maybe you forced change upon yourself at some point in the past and that's exactly what a pattern interrupt is is when you force that change upon yourself um to create that space where you can experience new things and get perspective Etc so how do we start incorporating these pattern interrupts into our lives in a systematic way um well first let's look at the um characteristics of a good pattern interrupt and the first one is that it should be somewhat challenging so if you're trying to break out of your routine and it's not it it feels easy to you it doesn't feel like a challenge you're probably not venturing too far outside of your regular routine so it should be a little bit scary um you know and that just just that that could be a good indication that you're pushing yourself far enough out of your comfort zone the second point is that it should be a pretty immersive activity so you know if your um pattern interrupt is to take a cold shower you shouldn't just turn it on for one second but you should really just take a full cold shower and really have that completely different experience or if your pattern interrupt is meditation for example you shouldn't just do it for one day but you should rather immerse yourself in it over a period of 30 days say um also U this is kid this is pretty critical it should be fun and game likee make it exciting don't make it some masochistic you know chore that you have to do um although that can be fun in and of itself just make sure it's something that you find somewhat appealing in some way uh so make it fun make it game likee make it something to be excited about and another point is that it should be spontaneous so you should be able to act on this immediately once you decide to do it so that you don't lose enthusiasm and just like Peter out on the idea all right so what are some good examples of pattern interrupts obviously this is very individual depends what you've got going on in your life already uh you know what your routine already is and what kind of a person you are but I have a few ideas that might inspire you um and one of them my favorite is travel you know go someplace new buy an airline ticket for some you know for a country where you don't even speak the language uh it'll be okay it might sound kind of scary if you don't travel but you'll be fine just make sure there's no a war and that you can actually get a visa when you land and it'll be cool um that said it doesn't have to be another country it can be the next state over it can even be the next town over you if you've never really been there and that said if you already travel a lot this might not really be a pattern interrupt for you so you know if you do travel all the time and staying in one place for a while might be a pattern interrupt or even going to a place where you wouldn't normally um find so appealing so maybe there's a town you know 100 miles away where you just have no desire to go there well actually going to that place might be your interrupt um another example I love this one too just see if you can walk a really long distance it might sound kind of silly but actually just challenging yourself to walk for 30 m in one go Um can be a great one you know you'll see a bunch of different things you'll push yourself um you'll expand your conception of what's possible for you um and this should be challenging for you you know 30 miles might be too much but if you're reasonably fit it should be doable um and even more than that could be doable as well so challenge yourself to see if you can go for a really long walk another one uh meditation this is obviously a great one this is how I got into meditation in the first place I challenged myself to immerse myself uh in meditation for 30 days straight you know 15 minutes a day and um that's how I got into it uh in the first place basically had it not been for that I would have you know probably never stuck with it because only after two weeks had I really experienced the benefits of meditation excuse me but um mosquitoes all over the place here but yeah meditation is a great one and obviously if you're already meditating as you probably are if you're subscribed to this channel then meditation is not going to be the best pattern interrupt at least not a 30-day challenge like that so you might instead a book a Meditation Retreat go to the posa retreat or do a solo Retreat somewhere in nature um and make that your interrupt I've also done that as well and that's actually how I discover continual breath awareness is by doing a solo Retreat which was very very much a pattern interrup for me at the time um another example fast you know don't eat your next meal go a whole day without eating perhaps ramadan's coming up you might go the whole month of Ramadan fasting um just try it out see what happens uh or experiment with intermittent fasting uh which I highly recommend in particular I'll be doing more videos on that subject because at least for me it gives me a lot of mental energy and has been one of the main things that's helped me with my meditation practice in mental energy in particular so fast is a great one um reading if you don't read pick up a book if you do read find a subject that you've never really read about maybe I don't know interior design and pick the best book in that subject and read it and just expose yourself to that new set of ideas um there's a t there's a ton of examples here obviously another one of my favorites is turn off the water heater you don't really need cold or you don't really need warm water you know if it's not freezing you probably don't need it um I haven't taken a warm shower in over six months you really you know at first it can get it can be kind of hard to get used to but after a while you definitely will um related to that it's just going through cold water swims a great way to kind of mix things up and put your body in a different stake where you're forced to be engaged and that's really one of the main points once again for pattern interrupts and another simple example watch a different YouTube channel you know expose yourself to different ideas um different people so on a really small scale that's almost too small of a scale really but try to expose yourself to different ideas and immerse yourself in them um that could be a good interest so those are some ideas for you um just a non-example would be going to the gym and go and doing a different lift for for instance so that's not really pushing yourself um it's not really too immersive a better example would be instead of going to the gym go to yoga or go rock climbing or go for a run or something like that if you don't do those um things habitually um yeah and as I said that's how I got into meditation and I can also say that I really can't overemphasize how important these pattern interrupts are and just broadening the um sort of bringing depth to your life bring uh showing you different things and potentially changing the course of your life for the better um in very unpredictable but good ways and not everything you try is going to result in you know such a traumatic change in your life but the more you do these mini experiments the more you're going to find things that do stick and that do change the course of your life for the better so I really encourage you to try this out um last thing I want to mention is that two more things actually uh here's an exercise for you and that is to think up your own pattern interrupt um that you want to actually instill in your life that you're going to actually do and take take action on it immediately and the first step is to just write down here in the comments what it's going to be to kind of cement your intent to do this pattern interrupt by doing that you'll also help Inspire others and maybe give me some more ideas of what I can do in my own life and um and yeah and even if you don't write it in the comments just mentally note it down you know write it down or mentally note it down and actually try to follow through with this and put it into practice you can watch all the YouTube videos you want but unless you actually take action and do something that's going to push your comfort zone your life is not really going to be any different so I really encourage you to actually do this um the final thing I want to mention is that the more you bring presence into your life generally so the more you meditate the more you're mindful during your day-to-day actions and the more you do continual breath awareness which is one of the subjects of this channel uh the easier it's going to be to automatically do pattern interrupts throughout your day this is because the more you meditate or do these other you know mindful activities the greater is going to be the gap between anything that happens to you and your reaction to that stimulus for example um you know if someone insults you you know someone does something that would normally draw out a conditioned response from you and you've been meditating a lot you're going to have a gap there where you don't actually where you can actually choose is whether you want to respond in your normal way by maybe lashing out at them or to you you could decide to not respond at all to them or you know do whatever you want whatever your kind of higher self um um would want to do rather than just being a slave of your condition responses so that's why I love continual breath awareness in particular because it makes that um that Gap kind of a dynamic part of your life gives you freedom from the tyranny of your habits and uh yeah so bring more pres into your life um that's what I talk about in this channel continual breath awareness basically keeping your awareness on those sensations of breathing throughout the day and you know freeing yourself from those conditioned responses so that's all I have for this video um I hope you enjoyed this and I hope you really you know put this into practice write uh your pattern interrupt in the comments below hopefully Inspire others to do it as well and uh yeah change it up do something different get some perspective on your life broaden your horizons change your behavior Behavior if that's what you want to do um and that's it so thank you for watching please subscribe if you enjoy this and I'll talk to you next time what's up guys I want to talk about how you can reconcile freedom from outcome with having a goal so freedom from outcome is one of these ideas that we see recur over and over again in the ancient texts and it's spelled out most famously in the Bog of Vita where Krishna tells Arjuna to be free from outcome to not be attached to the fruit of your labor just be attached to the labor that's the only thing you can really control

  Top Comments:
  1. @wurgelman [2 likes]: hey bevan, great video like always. please keep up the good work, people will follow. i like the idea of doing things i wouldn't usually do, i pretty much meditate every time i have nothing to do haha.

things that come to my mind are:
- taking different routes in everyday life
- trying new foods
- freerunning through the city
- start reading books again ^^
- meditate to my bodys limits (at least a whole day)
- running to my bodys limits
- sleep without moving
- and i'll try to do small things like writing drawing or going down stairs differently

you are my greatest Inspiration atm (together with krishnamurti :D), cba already had a big impact on my life. thanks bevan!
  2. @gregkava7526 [1 likes]: This is something I've been trying to implement more into my daily life to break away from my habits. I started looking for work elsewhere as I was becoming to comfortable where I was and as a result I've landed this great new job in a new area. I'm learning to adapt to new situations whcih helps to create positive neural pathways. You should always challenge and test yourself to learn how your mind and body reacts and to gain a deeper understanding of your potential

- How to change your energy using a pattern interrupt.: Kind: captions Language: en all right so here's a technique that I've used to break some habits uh that I think you might find pretty effective and you might have it happening in your life and not even realize it so if like say you um getting ready in the morning and you probably have a set routine right you you do a certain pattern every morning you know you go to the bathroom you take a shower you brush your teeth whatever um you ever have somebody call you on the phone while you're in that routine or have the kids yell up the stairs or something like that and then you finish everything up and then you walk out the door maybe you get to work and you realize you forgot to brush your teeth um it's because your pattern was interrupted your your thought process and so you weren't even thinking about it your brain was just on a track and you were going about your business and when you interrupt it it kind of screws all of that up so for me I've used it in other areas of my life to try to affect the positive change rather than make me afraid to brush my teeth um for instance yesterday um I did something to help me stop a negative thought pattern I I noticed uh a while back that after a therapy session I'd be exhausted I'd come home and you know like I just mentally couldn't focus on anything so I would end up you know on social media I'd end up watching a TV show or whatever and eventually I'd get back on track and get back to work but I'd lose like an hour or two of productivity and it just wasn't wasn't working for me so I was I was at a bar a couple of weeks ago and there's a woman sitting at the corner of the bar and she's quietly sitting on her laptop just sipping on a beer and she was writing and she's sitting at the corner of the bar sipping on a beer and she's just writing her dissertation while sitting at the bar and you know through talking to her try not to interrupt her too much but you know eventually she picked her head up and started talking to the people around her and uh you know she she liked the atmosphere got her out of her house and it kind of helped her work just like sipping on a beard you know calming the brain down a little bit whatever so I'm driving home from therapy two weeks ago and like you know what I'm gonna stop at the bar there's a bar I pass on the way home I'm gonna sit in the bar have one beer bring my laptop and just start typing start doing whatever comes to mind and I got a ton of work done a ton of work done and it was only in like an hour and so this week I figured okay let's try it again and see what happens I didn't have my laptop with me this time I just had my phone and I sat down I'm trying to type on my phone wasn't really working so I ended up just getting a bar napkin and a pen and just started writing down ideas and I wrote I got like topics for articles that I have that I had written down I thought through my uh topic list for my next defining Life podcast I I just like I had all of these notes in one hour over one beer and it was again it was time that I would have wasted otherwise now look if you don't want to drink in the middle of the day I get it I'm trying to drink you know less anyway um I don't have a problem with alcoholism so I it's not an issue that I have but if it's if it's something that you can't do there's other ways you can do this you know if for me a pattern interrupt previously was watching TV at night if I would watch TV at night it would create a chain of events that caused me to snack caused me to stay up late so a pattern interrupt for that would be to insert something else in front of one instead of wanting to sit down and watch TV um if you wanted to do something like what I'm talking about like if you're driving from therapy and you're typically exhausted or some other meeting or whatever you know maybe you need to stop at a Panera Bread grab a bowl of soup or a coffee maybe a decaf if it's later in the day go to a coffee shop grab a decaf you know this happens a lot with people that work from home we get stuck in these routines at home and we can't like we just kind of like get stuck in a in a pattern of behavior that causes us to sort of numb out a little bit so changing a venue sitting in a cafe you know whatever to to try to change everything and it changes the entire thought process so if you're stuck in a routine that you want to break sometimes completely changing that scenery other times just changing the pattern of events the sequence of events can cause that pattern interrupt and change the result for you give it a shot see ya

- Pattern Interrupt - The Self Narrative: Kind: captions Language: en not knowing quite how to begin this particular video mike pauses for a second turns to the left concerned about what's to follow mike picks up a red flag and waves it at the camera now this is the a wonderful pattern interrupt i came up with a little while ago and it really messes with people's heads and it's a lot of fun to do let's say you're sitting in a bar or something and your friend is telling you some story and you haven't really said anything for a while you treat the entire conversation as though it's a story in a book but you're doing the narrative out loud as to what you're thinking and what's going to happen next it sounds odd but presume the person's telling you that you know oh and he's lost his job and this is happening that well obviously don't do it if someone's going through really bad stuff but maybe someone's going on about their new job or something you might put your hand like this and you say out loud what would be in the story mike considers this for a few moments then letting his arms drop turns to his friend and says please go on this is so freaking brilliant basically you're doing filler all of your own thoughts even now mike considers whether or not he's doing the video properly and decides whether he should stop and begin again but then decides to go on he drops his hands comfortably puts them in his pockets and says i love doing this stuff pattern interrupts are amazing you can do great ones if you just bring in your own narrative not sure whether or not he's done this accurately mike opts to do it again you can do pattern interrupts pretty well anytime with the self narrative just bring it in whenever you feel like it realizing he hasn't done a call to action mike says remember to smash that bell and hit the subscribe button to get more cool videos from us at this point mike realizes he's done and sets the bell down and walks away

  Top Comments:
  1. @iamnotthemessiahnowfocuson7469: 😂😂😂 cool I like it funny and we do it all the time like when someone is talking to me and they go on and on and my eyes glaze over because my conscious mind has gone to sleep and I can tell unconsciously how they are feeling like you know that film saving Private Ryan when they’re sitting down chatting and suddenly they hear the grinding and rolling of the German Tanks is that eerie when you watch it
  2. @PhilosophyOfSelf: I used to do this in the "narrated detective story" format. "It was a rainy day, just like every other, except the secretary did something out of the ordinary. I looked up and ...". Past tense and in the pulp fiction paperback style. Lots of fun!
  3. @NickvonZ: While watching video, Nick Z thinks, and says aloud, much to the confusion of folks sitting around him on the metro train, "This is pretty funny."

- #TonyTalk 8: Breaking the Pattern of Reaction to Regain Control: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] most of us today live in a world of reaction where we do things that are urgent but not important and so at the end of the day we're exhausted but we don't feel that se feeling of Victory and if you want to have a life that feels Victorious then you and I have got to decide what do you want for your life today not what you thought five or 10 years ago

  Top Comments:
  1. @ewroylong [1 likes]: John Demartini of the move "The Secret" said that his seminar is the best. Tony isn't going to like the comment.
  2. @cosimomarraffa: love it

- Pattern Interrupt - Monica or Luigi: Kind: captions Language: en so the person's droning on and on and he says something and you say yeah i'm sure you really feel that way monica luigi here's another really cool pattern interrupt a lot of our students worldwide are using it with spectacular results sometimes somebody will be telling a story will be dominating the conversation or just you feel like throwing this at them just because you can there's nothing better than the monica slash luigi intervention we've researched these names and these are the best ones to use so don't switch it up if it's a guy you're going to call him monica if it's a woman you're going to call her luigi it makes it more baffling monica and you say it with intention and meaning like it means something he'll go what do you mean you say i think you know or he might say who's monica you say i think you know it's fantastic if it's a woman say luigi instead yeah tell me the rest of your story luigi the key is to say it like you're unearthing some great horrible secret that you're both aware of you will devastate the person harmlessly and hilariously the monica luigi intervention it's a pattern interrupt use it if you like that pattern interrupt you just go ahead and subscribe to our youtube channel and we'll send you more videos like that all the time because they're awesome [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Stevebarker66 [2 likes]: There's far too much silliness on this channel.

Please keep it up or I may have to reconsider not altogether discounting the possibility of potentially not unsubscribing.

Yours sincerely,

Colonel 'Mandy' Volestrangler - MBE, DSO & Bar (Mrs)
  2. @LapNgo-h9u [1 likes]: Yeah, you took my jacket. Give it back! NOW!
  3. @MarsX3DTHEEVIDENCE [1 likes]: You have SUCH A TWISTED MIND!  I'm so glad to be studying with you, LOL.

- Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en the truth of it though is that once you change that thought your brain actually starts to believe in okay so it goes something like this so you catch yourself with that awareness of I'm not an elite elite athlete okay then you take something like this which is called a reminder band that's why I'm wearing this today and you switch it to your opposite wrist okay this is called an interrupt a pattern interrupt it literally interrupts your current thought your current thought pattern okay then you say what you want to be true I'm a great athlete and that's how you rebuild that habit you create a new habit and it works with anything

- Not Another NLP Handshake Pattern Interrupt Video: Kind: captions Language: en What is the NLP pattern interrupt? Stay tuned. This is Damon from NLP Gym this is not another handshake pattern interrupt video haven't already please click subscribe to this YouTube channel so you get these videos on a regular basis pattern interrupt was first made famous by Milton Erickson when people go to shake his hand he would interrupt the person by picking up their hand and turning it back to their face and then putting them through an induction and then to finishing by basically finishing the greeting shaking the persons hand and saying my name is Milton Erickson, the point of that was basically he would interrupt the pattern that they were going through that they were sort of on autopilot doing when you go to shake someone's hand kind of on autopilot smoking doing here and close to the other person you're expected to greet them and would interrupt that it when you interrupted an automated pattern like that that normally engage in on autopilot it makes you very susceptible to going into a trance so that's exactly what he would use it for me but it was a quick way that he could put somebody into a trance by interrupting the normal pattern that they would go through so we're gonna be an experiment a little bit with that today another way to think of a pattern interrupt the story I heard by our red rather by Alan Watts the philosopher and he said that whenever a person joins a samurai group to be to learn how to be a samurai they come in usually as boys and they would come in and there they have to basically clean the dojo that between everything and as they would be cleaning as they're earning their keep one of the Masters would walk in and take a window fencing sword so it's made out of bamboo and crack them over the head with it and this would go on for days the samurai in training least expected it the master samurai would come in and crack over to hack and then he became paranoid and freaked out about it always looking over shoulder and waiting for that to happen and then the samurai master would find ways to still surprised and crack him over the head with the kendo fencing sword to the point where eventually the student just gave and he gave up his paranoia he gave up looking and just gave in to the process and then he became ready to learn his first lessons so that's in a sense a type of pattern around i have an assistant this is ryan and Ryan's gonna help me with demonstrating onto pattern in the rough that I like to play around with brian has no he'll be back around and no hypnosis background so she has no idea what I'm about to be right along so you're 30 When I was your age I was 31 so that could be considered a pattern interrupt because it devised what a person would normally say in a situation like that a pattern of thinking for the pattern of interaction and follows after night slices of how old ru they tell you their age maybe I'll make a comment about it but what I meant what I said just now made absolutely no sense so it kind of throws a person into a spin for a second to figure out a day does that make sense of how does it okay no it doesn't make sense of and carry on the conversation now the other one we're going to do is one that milton erickson used to do but you don't see a whole lot of actually got this office Steve Andreas his blog so we're going to have you close your eyes and just relax and maybe feel the floor concrete in a to feed its gonna feel grounded in nicely marks and just take a deep breath and can you shake your head now no you can sew but that's not know so she shakes her head no and I can say no you can't do it you don't know how to do it and so it's interrupting our normal pattern because she did the activity now some people will say yes and if they do that i'll save what you didn't do it so I again once again interrupting her you're not letting her have it either way and what Milton Erickson would do he would have this back and forth until the person sort of gave into it and gave it to the ambiguity and gave into the confusion and then he didn't put them into a smooth induction that would follow right after so what's the point of the pattern interrupt one of the pattern interrupt is NLP neuro-linguistic programming programming part is also known as patterns as well so you have set behavioral patterns that you follow along with most of time on auto pilot and whether it's in a sales situation or negotiating are in any situation where persons just runnin their normal patterns might be useful to get them out of those patterns for example go to a clothing storm soon as you walked in the clerk walks up to you and says and I help you with something and we see no thinking walking and then a few seconds later we turn around realize winner I didn't know what I just say no I said no because i'm running a pattern that I'm used to that I started selling something I don't want to sell me something so i just say no and keep walking also known as we need to interrupt those patterns if you're in a sales situation and they could be many other situation for your just need to teach someone something in order to teach someone something are to have them follow along with you are to close the sale you might have to interrupt that pattern of thinking so you interrupt the pattern using use a number of different things already questioned it could be an action is a famous story about Tony Robbins throwing water in a woman face when she was talking about how bad her life was and every time she would start to do that he would throw the water in her face and interrupt that pattern to the point where she couldn't go back to that pattern for a pattern interrupt extremely powerful when you need to get someone out of their normal routine way of thinking for their normal behavior pattern you can interrupt that and then once they are out of their normal pattern there isn't a state of a bit of confusion and there at that point there is a good time to leave them where you want them to go or lead them to what would be for help or beneficial for them check out our website NLP-Gym.com there you can find out how to sign up for NLP Gym's ultimate NLP practitioner training just coming up in January 2017 follow us on Facebook for real-time updates on workshops and free practice sessions that I hold in santa cruz if you like this video please click like right down here and leave me a comment or even a question I will follow up with you stay tuned to the end of this video so you can see how you can get your hands on a free NLP online training take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @giacomorotondi7251: Let me work with you ❤
  2. @skionen1781: So the purpose of pattern in the wrap is to get a person to do transderivational search
  3. @skionen1781: Cool thanks 👍
  4. @howtopellaclementine9488: wtf
  5. @DamonCartNLP: This is where you can sign up for The Ultimate NLP Practitioner Training: 
http://nlp-gym.com/events/nlp-gym-ultimate-practitioner-training/

- How A Pattern Interrupt Can Help You Recover: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody dan here with pain free you ah today's topic is going to be how a pattern interrupt can help you recover so I'll get to that in a minute long day I think this video is going to be really important for a lot of people all right so many of us have habitual responses to our symptoms we we immediately launch into fear frustration anger sadness despair overthinking it got to figure this out why do I hurt doubt comes into play often and and it's very much a fear response same thing happens when we wake up and we've got the morning Jitters anxiety stuff going on Boom habitual response it's kind of the natural what do we do when we're scared right there we go there's that yawn again well I'm shooting this video at 11 30 at night so long day been up since probably about six so I'll be shooting this video uploading it and going to sleep so a pattern interrupt is a concept that's very much taught in NLP neuro-linguistic programming it is something that can interrupt the normal pattern or habitual response and the goal of that is to actually change our emotional mental and behavioral state so what do we want to think about here well first you want to identify your normal habitual response when you have symptoms what's your normal response when symptoms increase what's your normal response and if you'd like to find a way to respond differently you've got to break that habitual response and so there's something called a pattern interrupt and it's very useful to change that emotional mental or behavioral state so what are some examples of pattern interrupts well first of all do something that's so different from your normal response that it kind of breaks the Habit right so for example if your normal habit to anxiety to the fearful thoughts to the symptoms themselves if the normal response the habitual response is oh my goodness what's going on oh no couple examples smiling laughing Splash cold water on your face Breathe Right humor joke about it take a power pose like get out Superman um you know do a hard stop and I've I've said that a couple of times in group coaching calls when somebody is you know when I'm coaching somebody and and they're going down a certain path I'm like hard stop you can literally when you notice your habitual pattern kicking in you can go hard stop come on Dan hard stop we're not doing that right you can even just say something bizarre you know when you notice your habitual fear pattern to say something silly kittens puppies Penguins elephants and your brain's going to go wait what what are we doing and it can be anything make up something silly you know it could be as silly as nope nope nope not doing that you know I'm not doing that we're not playing that again right anything that you can do to break the typical habitual fear response and every time you notice yourself going back into that fear do it again and then do it again and then do it again after a few times what you're going to notice is the fear response loses its Edge it doesn't grab you by the collar and Shake you as much right it's called a pattern interrupt it's very useful in a technique called to kind of break people out of their state it's also a very interesting tool in the world of sales and so if you're interested go to YouTube and look up pattern interrupt interrupt and pattern interrupt to break bad habits could be an interesting thing to do but I've really captured the essence of this here and it can even be useful to get a kid to stop crying you know if kids like yeah cry I want this I want ice cream pattern interrupt what can you do to interrupt that kid's pattern you know silly stuff kid's gonna be like what you know you do this pattern interrupt several times in a row you can break out of break somebody else out of a pattern but more importantly you can break yourself out of a pattern so the first thing that you want to do is identify what your habitual responses are when symptoms are kind of you know being symptomatic and uh sensational or colorful you know if they if they're grabbing your attention and your normal responses fear freak out panic learn to break that habit and it's called a pattern interrupt because we all were habitual beings and we have a pattern when kids start crying what's our typical pattern ah stop that right maybe wait maybe we don't do any kids crying but maybe when they're misbehaving right we have patterns with our spouses with our boss with our employees with our kids and if you've identified that some of these habitual responses are not ideal we can interrupt our own patterns by doing something silly you know if your normal response is panic to symptoms you can just go ah and what I mean by this ah is I know what's going on and if you put a smile on your face it's hard to be afraid and smile at the same time because this would be a fierce smile [Laughter] and I'm being goofy here but literally you know your symptoms start climbing you go ah I know what's going on my brain must be perceiving something dangerous silly doesn't have to be you know anything meaningful or fantastic you could even start singing I'm up to see the wizard the wonderful Wizard of Oz right anything that will break your pattern from the habitual Panic or fear or catastrophic thinking or I better go research this or let me call my doctor or I need to talk to somebody about this I need to research this more I need to jump on Facebook or I need to watch some videos on YouTube I need to practice somatic tracking or breathing or right these are habitual responses right whenever our symptoms are kind of kicking our butts we automatically go into that habit into that response and it becomes very very patterned so if you want to break it do something silly ah sing a song Smile you know what you could also do wear a rubber band around your wrist and every once in a while snap it snap something to just go oh I'm doing it again I'm doing the Habit again I want to break that and so this stuff works and I believe truly that if we can break out of our habitual response our habitual fear response to our symptoms can absolutely absolutely help us with our recovery because for many of us we don't even recognize that we are in our habitual fear response to symptoms we just don't we just do it then we realized that I spent the whole day in fight or flight worried about things and scared and thinking that this is going to be the rest of my life and talking to anybody who will listen to us and asking for help 16 Ways to Sunday but we have the opportunity to break our own habitual response but it first starts with identifying it so ask yourself and write it down on a piece of paper when things get a little bit sideways symptom-wise what's my natural response without even thinking about it what do I do and by making a new pattern to interrupt the old habit and making it something fun it's so different from our normal response because a lot of people have been listening to me for a while and they're like oh well when I notice the symptoms I'm going to calmly reassure myself and in many cases it's okay I'm all right there's nothing wrong with me but sometimes that calm reassurance isn't terribly convincing because it's really we're still scared we're still coming from a place of fear but if you can make your pattern interrupt to get you out of that habitual fear response something funny or silly come up with something share share with me your uh your results comment below let me know what you came up with and then do it and then do it often you know I used to and it I didn't even know it was a pattern interrupt but I used to use the two words I'm good I'm good right it can be simple it doesn't have to be you know fancy um simple and short I'm kind of liking this one ah I know what's going on with a smile because when you're smiling and you're doing something kind of goofy it's hard to be afraid when you're doing that so I want you folks to try this it's called a pattern interrupt look up NLP pattern interrupt if you want to get a little of the technical details but the whole concept here is we have a habitual response to something and if we want to change our emotional mental and behavioral state we need to interrupt the habitual pattern so that we can change our state because our state is how we navigate the world and if our state mental emotional and even our physical state and behavioral state is all about fear and like tension and uh it's not going to send the messages of safety but if you can do something kind of fun and silly and goofy at minimum smile splash some cold water on your face run the faucet called [Music] that'll get your attention right breathe tell yourself a silly joke get yourself a uh a book of dad jokes and uh next time you find yourself in that fear State go grab the dad joke book and start reading through a bunch of them do anything to break your habitual fear why is this important because this whole thing is run by the subconscious brain perceiving danger and if we can get out of the fear State more often with this pattern interrupt guess what's going to happen brain's not going to perceive as much Danger and things can start settling down find something to break your own state and this can I even work with breaking other people's States you know but try to make it a little bit fun funny and see how this goes I want I want you folks to try it comment back below let me know how you make out with this but it's called a pattern interrupt and it can be extremely useful for getting you out of your habitual emotional mental and behavioral States and kind of shift you towards fun humor get out of that fear state so I'm gonna wrap this one up hope everybody's doing hope it was a great weekend here in the United States Monday is a holiday Memorial Day but for anybody who's wondering yes I am still running the group coaching program because I don't have any plans for the morning so I'm going to be running that call as planned and um I guess that's all I've got for you so love you all and I will see you tomorrow take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @diclarke6798 [3 likes]: Turning on rhe radio and listening to great music, relaxes me in the morning and I sometimes even Dance❤
  2. @Jagrt2000 [2 likes]: Your fear smile made me laugh!  Love and Blessings to you!
  3. @chrisbenj3819 [1 likes]: Get on an OCD based SSRI to help out then when you get it under control ween off while using these tools. It’s really hard to do it all on your own
  4. @lauraschmuck5565 [1 likes]: I'll just think about your goofy expressions on this video. I'll use the "aaaah, I know what this is" Thanks for this video. I will start today.
  5. @LiseBenson-q8e: Excellent! Thank you
  6. @SusanWallace-t3d: In the Eighties my son was into He-Man.  He used to run around the house putting his pretend sword in the air and yelling “I am the Power”.  I am using that
  7. @Jade-ms2ys: "Kittens! Puppies! Penguins! Elephants!"  Hey thanks for your video!  Happy day to anyone reading this!
  8. @stellaluciaaagaard4922: This video is so important and just what I needed today. One of the most essential videos, I have watched so far. Thank you so much😊
  9. @kaylaryder8371: listen to rumi the guesthouse
  10. @kaylaryder8371: hum  say hello  thank you  lol mikayla
  11. @martinbalaam12: You're kinda describing Tourettes
  12. @marciaclaesson7844: I am going to try to bring myself into the present moment by noticing something around me or by rubbing or tapping my hands, arms, or legs.
  13. @bonnieklapel1825: I just listened to a video about pattern interrupted rewiring but it didn’t explain how to do it.  So I did a search and this was what popped up. 
I have AuDHD and my brain has kept me in such a rut that I’m frozen and can’t get accomplished what I have to do and I’ve been in this spiral or spin in my brain and can’t take any action and it’s been so horrible and has been going on for 9 months and I’ve been in therapy for over 5 years.  And I think I’ve made progress suddenly I realize that I’ve slipped right back into it.  And I’m so desperate to get out of this cycle and I know that so much of my life will be turned around.   I’m going to have to set an alarm on my phone for every 10 or 15 minutes because it goes on all day long and and even all night long until I’m so exhausted but I haven’t accomplished a damn thing and then beat myself up mentally and spiral from there. 
Thank you. I subscribed and liked the video even though this was my first time on your channel!  I’ll let you know how it goes. 😮😮😮
  14. @2much2fast4me: My husband’s natural response: think the wife is attacking me and defend myself against things that aren’t even happening 😂😂 It’s not all that funny by Day 3 🙄 BUT it does serve to validate what you are saying about habitual responses to chronic pain, Dan (and for those of you here because of your chronic pain, PLEASE be aware that your responses to it DO affect those around you … if you can’t suspend your belief in your pain for yourself, TRY doing it for your loved ones, because they didn’t ask for this, either, but YOU are the only one who can do something about it!! 🙏❤️).
  15. @Ladybird22373: How do you get on your group
  16. @kathleendillon1572: I am going to say, “SupercalifragilisticXpaladocious”
  17. @MTarquinio-r9e: Love the rubber band!
  18. @dualmass: Ice on my chest works cold shower too, my dad used to say “ go take a cold shower “ when I was young and angry 😊
  19. @chrisbenj3819: But why would the medical field let us or anyone live this way?
  20. @Leon.schulze06: Great video.

- EP044: 11 Ways To Pattern Interrupt Yourself To Success: Kind: captions Language: en to the bigger life podcast a source of inspiration lessons stories skillsets minuses and strategist invigorate and expand all areas of your life let's go back here with the bigger life podcast we've had a little bit of a of a break partially actually kind of completely because of me having a lot of stuff going on for seminars in four weeks so yeah we have bigger big round fitness and business summit which I will do a separate podcast on on insights on that one and then I flew out to Slovenia this past week to do a Bioforce conditioning coach course with Joel Jamison we brought them out to our gym over there to the vigor gym in Slovenia so it's been you could say a little bit spicy you know so you know I really really work on keeping this at once a week and I'm sure in a in a in a coming year that we're gonna step it up to twice a week with Jean as I free myself up a little bit more and create a better schedule but you know it's uh it's been crazy but it wasn't hard to fit in but we're back and we're back and here's the thing is today we're gonna talk about about pattern interrupts in your life to get you to a place that you want to go results so whatever that may be in whichever area of your life and you know what I wanted to bring this up was because essentially you know what like literally for the last four weeks [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I've had pattern interrupts right I mean from the events but it was a huge just talking to people at the Vig around fitness and business summit you know and it was so many people were coming up and saying like man this is one of the best events I've ever been to and but it's an interrupt in their world in their life to kind of pre frame things in a different way you know I mean like you're going from the hustle and bustle of building your your gym business or whatever business it may be or whatever you may be doing you know and then you come into this environment with some of the you know the top coaches in industry presenting speaking on you know different methods and strategies and principles of helping you move your life and your business forward and you get to talk to them in the hallways and you get to talk to like-minded individuals and you know some of the I would say if you've had some your city and anxiety and all these other things you know you kind of get rid of that and see a better future and you see a vision for where you're going and it's a pattern interrupt right in your daily life where you know you may not be moving in the direction that you want and it's like boom you punch right through it so what I wanted to do today was talk about pattern interrupts that you can create both on a daily basis and some that are a little bit bigger you know so think think of breaking them down into shorter or longer pattern interrupts and I mean there's there's a lot of this stuff right there's a lot of stuff there's a lot of drills that you can do period that can kind of shift your mindset and shift you to shift the frame of how you're thinking and what you're thinking and um I mean it can do wonders legitimately can cuz remember like that you know the muscle in between our two ears is our biggest it can be our biggest al are our biggest enemy and it's it's usually the one that um that tends to steer us the wrong way based on our the stories that we tell ourselves or you know the if we're listening to naysayers and society and all this other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so the kicker is like how do we pattern interrupt like the thoughts and the patterns that we have in a story that we have in our head and go into positive direction and once you it once you know how to do that and you train that because remember everything is you know trained or untrained right you're gonna you're gonna fall to the lowest level of your training and it goes the same thing for your brain and your mindset right so when you can start shifting those things it can make a world of difference I can I can absolutely you know kind of confirm that that's worked for me because as you guys may have know you know I've been I was a big knucklehead and I kind of kept pattern interrupting myself into a different future so with that said I'm gonna kind of just go down the list and talk about a couple of things that uh that have really worked well for me some of them are just rituals that I already do because believe it or not you know one of the best times to pattern interrupt yourself is in the morning we've talked about morning rituals but you know it doesn't mean that depending on your life sometimes you know in the morning you just wake up you didn't have a great night's sleep and you might be you know thrown off or maybe there's a lot going on in your life and the first thing that happens is you wake up and you get stressed and anxious so the question is like how can you pattern interrupt that and not make it you know hey go to a flow tank early in the morning yeah that's probably not you know not gonna happen for majority of people right but what are some things that you can do what are some things that I do and coach people to do well one of the things I do first is like I do walk and podcast and you know think of it this way if I wake up in the morning I'm stressed out and I accidentally I say accidentally because I'm really good about not checking email until noon by accidentally you know open up the email just because I have a thought like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm expecting this and I look at it and it freaks me out and the spiral begins you know a lot of times like I said like before anything happens I'm just like boom I pack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up take my phone put on you know depending on what the weather's like and I'll go even if it's raining now like I you know I'll take an umbrella and I'm out the door you know and I walk the lake now if you know if you don't have the lake nearby who cares just what is a what is a path or a route that you can take you know that takes you anywhere from 20 to 40 minutes and that's why you know getting up a little bit earlier to do stuff like that can make a world of difference so now you know you're doing to two things you're moving around and yeah even just walking makes a difference even walking changes I would say the chemicals in your brain cause you start being active but then number two I'm gonna feed myself something that's gonna be inspirational something positive something that's gonna make me look into a better day into a better future and whether that's a podcast or whether that's an audiobook or whether I go to youtube and you know listen to somebody's speech or something that's gonna like fire me up you know I mean that is a pattern interrupt into your world because guess what you're gonna come back first of all whatever it's stuff you were thinking about is most likely not gonna be what you can be thinking about cuz you just you know I would say filled your your brain with with positive things and you went on for a walk which kind of puts you in a different space so that's one of the pattern interrupts my second pattern interrupt is wine is is the buildi work that I do in the morning now sometimes you know mobility work is great and like any any type of movement engaging in any type of like I said it doesn't even need to be like strenuous exercise although that helps too but any type of movement is gonna get you out of I would say being focused on something negative overly negative right it's just the way that our brains work we start thinking about the process of what we're doing which is why I love the mobility and flow flow stuff in a morning cuz it just gets me out of that place right and also like a swift like most people don't use this enough a warrior we call it shift moves right it's on a shift move is you know feel free to you know steal this it's not like it's not like what's created nobody did it before but you know shift move is is it's three different things one is five deep breaths right so you just breathe in through nose fully exhale through mouth five times and you know we've talked about breathing and how powerful that can be after you do that you declare so you declare how you're feeling so I mean and you yell that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out so you might be like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tired you know I'm focused or I'm angry or whatever it may be you get that out and then you do five of something squat jumps push-ups you know burpees are great just because it's a full body movement and it's a little more to do I call that a shift move and legitimately like those are you know three things that help you one you know you got your breathing to calms you down you got your declaration so you get stuff out and then you do some physical activity that's really short but intense that you know I would say starts aligning norepinephrine and dopamine and puts you in a better place and it's like the reality is like this stuff works right now you may be you know complete like in a crazy crazy spiral of anxiety and stress and maybe that won't you to get you out but for a lot of things throughout the day that can get you like it can get you sharp and it can get you going just like you know I mean I wish that I had a cold plunge pool in my house cuz I would just like man I'd get up in the morning I jump straight into that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and trust me you'd come out of that going like okay I'm ready to go pattern interrupt um but using stuff like that like as tools like I said from the walks and to listen to podcast to the five to ten minutes 15 minutes of flow to the bed of nails I love the bed of nails I've been doing that every morning now like I almost get out of bed and just lie straight down on it and start meditating which brings me to the next one which is meditation meditation is a great pattern interrupt now I will say this like sometimes when you're in a spiral it's hard to meditate cuz just the thought of it is like ah I don't know right so you got to do something before that like go for a walk do a shift move do a 5-10 minute workout and by the way like I love this really really short workouts because it's like almost it's not even workout five minutes you know squats push-ups oh you can do that anywhere right just bodyweight stuff band pull apart push-ups right just really really basic stuff get the blood flowing gets Yuri centered and yeah of course if you're if you're at work you might not be able to pull that off but you can absolutely do shift moves but meditation is fantastic it's an incredible reset right it's an incredible reset and pattern interrupt but you got to be able to use it I would say in the right situation so for me lunchtime is a great time to do a do a meditation because it's almost like there's a reset button in the day and right now I'm just using mostly to call map or binaural beats and I just focus on my breathing so I change stuff a lot like I've done the mantras I've done headspace I've done you know 10% happier I've done a lot of different I would say pre-recorded meditation stuff that's been good I like changing it up but right now I'm really focused on just breathing because honestly it's like it's something that I need to work on anyways and I usually listen to binaural beats which is which is been pretty cool but I use that as a as a pattern interrupt in the day because when you're going 100 miles an hour you got all these things that you want to think about and you know you have to do you know essentially what you you want to do is kind of create space right and we've talked about meditation how powerful it is and you at this point in time it's not you know anymore because there's so much science supporting and backing up all the great things that it does for our brain especially like helps us be Center to be focused on stuff but you know like I said that the analogy I think that Garrett used years ago to me that that's probably the best one is that you know business is gonna be crazy life is gonna be crazy whether you like it or not a lot of times and it's kind of like the hurricane right you you you don't want to be in the hurricane making decisions you don't want to be you know you make a way different decision when you're angry stressed-out jealous anxious then you do if you're in a mindset of power abundance success love you know giving right though you make completely different decisions in those two spaces so why not shift your emotion why not shift you know the the way that you're thinking and then make decisions out of that place and so I use this I would say the the the the meditation at lunchtime to almost kind of like give myself a better shot at the day cuz cuz it's gonna wear me out like if I start working out in the morning you know and I'm doing work I'm using my mental energy a lot you know and I have meetings I phone calls I have business coaching calls I got a lot of stuff that can wear me out and Dre me so how do i you know reset myself and you know meditation is one of them if I can combine it with environments which I'll talk about in a little bit like going to the lake even better right I changed the environment I get into this place that calms me down where I start you know like I said meditating recreate the reset button I essentially go into the eye at a storm right instead of being inside of the hurt in the tornado being thrown around making choices out of a place that's not that great I go into the I had a storm and I separate myself from the problem and give myself space so that when I'm done I'm like Musa okay cool let me let me make choices with clarity now like it's almost a restart of the day now what I've started doing that this is this is something that I've only done for the last three weeks but really really powerful and by the way like everything by Debbie Ford is awesome so if you you know reading all the books by their before it is fantastic but asking yourself powerful questions obviously if you guys have heard you know the quality of your life is comes down to the quality that questions you ask yourself which is the Tony Robbins quote and I definitely believe that because questions can interrupt the process that's going on in your day in your head so what I've like coupled is doing meditation and then coming out of meditation and asking myself these 10 questions and these questions are guides right am I like adding to my light you know let's just call my inner light Riley this is where am I am i dimming my light because remember like your inner light is your power okay are you everything that you can be are you expressing your gifts and you expressing your you know your talent your effort you know you love your generosity in its full light or are you dimming it now you can dim your light for a lot of reasons right because you're exhausted and your night you're not eating the weight you know the best way to support your goals and to support your energy you're not you know exercising and moving you're not you're not feeding your mind with the right things there's a lot of things that can dim that light and there's a lot of things that can obviously like make that light shine stronger but the questions have been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so powerful because they reset me like I go like hey the stuff that I'm doing today is it really taking me in the right direction so I'm gonna I'm just gonna spit out these ten questions um and and write these down because like these are these are really really really powerful questions and they shift you're like they shift you from a autopilot because remember like you're on autopilot a lot of our like life is on autopilot based in on habits that were ingrained so these questions can really kick you out of all autopilot because now you're in your prefrontal cortex right you're in your conscious brain and you're really thinking about like what's best in what's not where a lot of times you're not in that area because you're just patterned right it's just it's just you know neurons that fire to wire together just like emotional right emotional patterns and habits that happen that you don't even know about right so this is a fantastic way to pattern interrupt yourself throughout the day like I carry these with me but um so question number one is will this choice propel me toward an inspiring future or will it keep me stuck in the past so think about that you know whatever you were doing that day or you're about to do and you and you ask yourself that question will this choice propel me forward to an inspiring future will keep me stuck in the past number two is will this choice bring me long-term fulfillment or will it bring me short-term gratification I think that's such a powerful one because a lot of people do very very short-term stuff like I want stuff now but yeah long-term is probably not gonna be great you know and when it comes to food let's be real that's one thing right oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look at that it looks great I'm not gonna take me to my goals but short-term gratification sounds good alright so number two well the choice bring me long-term fulfillment or bring me short-term gratification number three is am i standing in my power or am I trying to please somebody else or another one right and remember how many times do we do stuff with power because of where we want to go or do we do it because we want somebody to like us or you know to to be like oh you know I don't want to be separated from the tribe so I'm gonna make this choice that really isn't the best for me it's not really what I really want to do but I'll do it anyways just because of that and we know how much social disconnect can be can be a very painful threatening thing to us so number three is am i standing my power am I try to please another number four is am I looking for what's right or am I looking for what's wrong you know we talked about this in coaching like shining the light on positive like finding ways to congratulate people and this both goes for yourself and for other people right number four is am I looking for what's right or am i looking for what's wrong so you know if you look at what's right you're gonna do more of it right whatever you focus on grows we know this number five is will this choice add to my life force or robbed me of my energy right so once again you can do strenuous activity and will add to your energy right like a workout or wear this you know quick mobility this or that work maybe it's going you know after a long day if you go do charity work it's gonna add to your life force right oh but you might meet with somebody that's just draining his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you know and and it's gonna take away from it right so well this choice add to my life force or were robbed me of my energy very very important question you know this is one that always sticks out at me because sometimes I'm still I've gotten way better at it but sometimes I'm still making decisions of like I got a you know I'm making too many too many too many yeses trying to help people with that sometimes that just drains me next one is well I use this situation as a catalyst to grow and evolve or will I use it to beat myself up you know another great question that you know cuz look every day you're gonna have struggle I mean if you're a business owner they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you know every day has got something coming up that that is gonna be an obstacle you know it's gonna be a wall a struggle a something that's gonna hold you back but the thing is you can use that as a catalyst right as a stepping stone if you learn that lesson from it you know in looking at it from that direction we've talked about positive focus before I like when you have a negative thing that happens how do you extract a lesson like why is that positive and then how do you apply that lesson to your life how do you create an action step associated with it so will I use this situation as a catalyst to grow and evolve or will I use it to beat myself up you know and like I said self-love is it's so important and I think it's you know something that everybody has to do more of period you know because it was so easy to beat ourselves up and you know this is a perfect example of how you know how we're we're wired so negatively right that I remember mark Fischer came we would we didn't staff when we did a seminar here at vigor with Mark and we were doing these little groups and he said hey what's something great you guys are doing in your business in your gym you know when every group started talking about what what they were doing great and like within less than 60 seconds it was like we're doing this great but you know we could improve that and like it literally went from the question was like what are you doing awesome and within less than a minute everybody was talking about how they can do it better and like finding flaws and literally the question was what are you doing great right so it's like we always kind of revert back to this negativity right so that's why it's so important to you know to to base shine a light and that's why I love like the three wins right what what are three things that you did great today you know three wins for the day right positive focus hey how is that positive the question you know even when shitty stuff happens like how is that positive right but that question I'm gonna repeat it so that you guys can write these now but like well I use this situation as a use it to beat myself up the next question is does this choice empower me or does it disempower me right so are you making decisions that are disempowering you or does it make and you know a lot of times like let's straight up like a feeling right I mean [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when you make a choice you know like is that empowering you you know when you when you say yes I'm gonna do this you know I'm gonna sign up for this coaching or I'm gonna go do this work or I'm gonna take on this right it can be it can sometimes it can scare you but it can be empowering right or it can be disempowering the next one is is this an act of self-love or is it an act of self-sabotage you know doing things like once again you know when I make a choice I know for me I'm gonna speak from a personal standpoint whenever I take time for myself and whether it's like you know going to get a massage going to the flow tango on a banya you know going on a trip that's like got nothing to do with business and learning you know it's just kind of like just to to give myself some time and have a fun and adventure and experiences and stuff like that you know self-love if you know it self-sabotage is and I'm like I said I'll just use myself as an example here might be some more work right I already got you know 12-hour day 14-hour day and it's like ah but there's always [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] more to do some I just jump back in so that's self-sabotage like at least in my in my situation it is because once again it's not like I'm on some lazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and not doing stuff so that's a pattern right but once again if I ask myself this guess what I have to really think about it go like you know what man like that that is a little bit of self-sabotage I'm gonna call it quits I'm gonna go watch a movie I'm gonna go go have a you know dinner with my friends whatever right um and the ninth one is is this an act of faith or is it an act of fear I love this one cuz remember it like fate you know faith is basically believing in something we can't see it doesn't have to necessarily be a religious thing but at the same time right it's like fate you know when you do something then you can't like you know vigour ground like this the building that we're in the bigger Life Building you know that is faith that was faith you know when I wrote that up on the board it's like seeing something believing in something that's not there that's not even close to it right and you know that the act of I would say even going into every decision that I made for this for this this building was an act of faith right before it ever happened you know an act of fear is oh man I don't know like you were you know and you know it's kind of like the worst-case scenario but don't get me wrong right like you can still prepare for the worst-case scenario but have faith and basically act in faith rather than fear and what is it's like what I said before that majore you know a lot of people throughout the day if you're in stress down and anxious and and scarcity like you're gonna make decisions based out of fear right and when you do that I doubt that those decision Theory decisions lead you to a place of abundance and the vision that you want to create now fear has its place you know once again nothing is always black or white right fear has its place where you know great book is the gift of fear where you know we have that for for protection you know so that we can kind of find out where threat is and and avoid it but the reality is that in this day and age we're like way too much too wired for it and in fear controls way too much of our lives and we don't do the things that we truly want to do you know deep in our hearts or like you know listening to the voice listening to our voice so that's the ninth question is this an act of faith or is it an act of fear and a tenth one is am i choosing from my divinity or am i choosing from my humanity right so if from if from that place if you're you know let's touch on this and and let's call it universal intelligence right and I not digging too deep into that what you believe in because whether it's the universal or God or whatever it may be but if you believe that there is something bigger right you can either choose from that divinity or you can choose from your humanity and and believe that like you can't accomplish these incredible things and so I you know that's really the way that I see that question and and ask myself like how far am i reaching you know what's possible if I believe that I'm divine then why am i holding myself back you know in and choosing from humanity right so I think think of it in so those are the 10 questions you know man I took a little bit to cover that but it's important all right I carry these around and that is you can now you can pull them out whatever to be honest with you I say have them somewhere that you can get reminded them of them often I have a basically a journal that keep them in because it's the journal that I use every day I have a reminder in my phone so that I coupled it with my meditation been a game changer bit a game changer and the crazy thing about it is like you'll catch yourself how many times you know you're thinking one way and it's complete completely unconscious and based on fear versus on you know the the way that you I would just say like based on your desires and once and dreams right so so those two you know that was kind of like a longer version of a pattern interrupt right there but another one that's short is like games and fun we need to do way more of that and you know the thing is is that when we play games when we have fun you forget about everything like absolutely everything I think I've talked about this on the podcast after we came back from Brazil and you know there was a ton of stuff going on but like man we were doing jujitsu and they were playing futsal in like volleyball and you know don't boxing and all types of different things and when you're doing these things like you don't think about anything it just interrupts everything and a cool thing about you know fun and games and adventure is that it gets you to smile right it gets you to be a kid and there's a lot of you know the why is developmental why do we love doing movement patterns like rolling on the ground and crawling and games and stuff like that because it gets people connected to how they were as a kid and those are all great learning tools but there are also great interrupts or resets or you know whatever you want to call them like even in training right we talked about the reset and our seven the stuff that we do but you know this is just a reset in your day so you know Kent can you go I mean like right right down the street on 3rd there's there's a pinball place it's like the old school game place you know he's got Tetris it's got pac-man it's got you know pinball machines and stuff like that you know you know the other day I dropped in for like 20 minutes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was having a blast man it was you know takes you back to when you were when you were younger and I had a big-ass smile on my face completely changed my day like I was stressed out went in there did that cause like it's walking distance now and it was it was just dope you know like the other day when Joe had a seminar here at our gym here in Seattle and we end up going laser tag afterwards everybody had a blast you know at the beginning it was like I don't know if we want to do that but after laser tag everybody had a blast everybody was laughing high-fiving you know sweating out of mind cuz because you know you get serious about it but that's the point though right how can you create these pattern interrupts in your day or in your week that puts you into a better place going to nature now you know whether that's a hike or whether that's just like you live close enough to something that you can be you know you can be in nature whether that's by a river by a lake you know a hike walk through the woods whatever that may be man I will do wonders for you and and uh you know reconnecting with nature is in itself kind of meditative right but that's been a great interrupting a majority of people that end up doing that will tell you how like completely relaxed them so those are somewhat shorter and I would say that adding here you know I talk about environment so much um I talk about environment a ton and remember environment is everything that you can you here you see you feel you touch you smell and you know how can you create environments that create a pattern interrupt and it may be sometimes that's like going to a really really you know like nice hotel to work or a really nice coffee shop or a different area or maybe you know to a spot that's got beautiful views that you don't usually go to and it puts you in a place of abundance cuz you're around these nice things and in a different environment and that can make a world of difference you know same thing is like where if you you know I'm doing a complete I don't know if you follow me on IG but man the other day I woke up and I'm like that's it I'm like throwing 60% of my clothes out completely cleaning up my you know my apartment you know sending it up like getting all these bookshelves in different places building an office to spec here inside of the gym so that it's this environment that just makes me feel good it makes me think in a positive direction and you know makes me things bigger it makes me feel uncluttered and I'm never gonna you know I'm never gonna be like completely minimalist but it certainly helps and I just found it like when I would come home I'm like man is just too much clutter once again how can you change your environment the smell is the sense the sounds the sights on a daily basis or maybe on a weekly basis and then we have like our bigger pattern interrupts and you know that's probably one of the biggest reasons why I travel and I did a whole podcast on why I travel for seminars and learning but it's the it's the pattern interrupt of how my life is going and then being around you know being around these people that that inspire me in some way or another and like I said that punch is kind of like through through the reality and makes you think different you know the I was just flying back from Slovenia and I only I only flew out four I was there for four and a half full days because the rest of the time I was on flight so so quick one but you know I got to I got to play a basketball game with with my friends and old teammates with this with a younger team I mean I got to hang out with Joel and Arriola ton we were talking about ideas and possibilities and all these different things like I got to hang out with my family but it put me in a place where it started shifting my thoughts and on the way back on a plane I brought like six or seven pages of notes I mean on everything from redoing the new website to content strategy stuff to you know the podcast I'm going to shoot to like some business structures and frameworks I mean you name it right probably more so than I have in a long time so that you know that's a pattern interrupt is like don't you know it's not like go to the seminar so you can gain information right I mean remember it's information integration transformation right that's that's kind of like the route you want to go and a lot of times going to you know places to learn is more about interrupting like what you're already doing that's the same and kicking yourself out of it and then you have like deeper experiences like I mean warrior was the biggest pattern interrupt in my in my like in well I was I would say definitely in my life in the last decade right but you know when I went to worry a week because it really was intense it was completely different and it punched a hole in my reality and obviously it was an interrupt to as far as the investment that I that I put into it because you know I would say the bigger the problem the bigger the bigger interrupt has to be to change it and if you're in that place I'd hire you know I'd have you consider like have getting coaching or going into something like worry week or there's a lot of great coaches and great possibilities like man if your business is suffering and you know you've been trying to do like little things here and there what now maybe need to pattern interrupt them and invest in yourself and go into a different environment so that environment is like being around people that are pushing like you're pushing coach that's been there done that right still doing it so think about those things right like the bigger that you want to make it like the bigger interrupt and that's why travel is another great interrupt like going to like I love like love travel in the world about I love going to places are so different you know from from Africa to Asia to Russia to you know all these different places that make you kind of like reflect right and and be grateful for everything that you have and like learn things about new cultures and people and and understand better right those are all because it takes you away completely from your comfort zone in your environment and shifts your perspective so I know another reason why to constantly like I said go and learn somewhere else and go and travel and immerse yourself you know and when I say immerse yourself doing more things like I would even say like once you're successful doing equivalents of internships or internships even if they're three days long four days long a week long and just immersion into another world that's different than you where you're you're taking a lot out of it also you know immersion charity work you know going and diving deep into organizations where you can help out and just seeing the other side because they'll give you a completely different perspective and like kick you out of your current habits and make you see you know how you can do more I mean you know go into Necker Island hanging out Richard Branson was that for me was like I started like going like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need to do more I can do bigger things and you know since then all my meetings and all the other direction of of what we're gonna do with vigor giver which is kind of charity portion of vigor ground is you know kind of creating a 10x vision for that so you know you you kind of want to create pattern interrupts in your day and then you want to kind of recreate pattern interrupts in your week and month so just like think of it this way we do I just had a business our foundational business coaching call with the figure ground fitness business mentorship group and it was you know we're talking about the daily performance habits you know to to put yourself into power to be able to perform at your highest level in all areas of your life and then we talked about you know setting like the 90-day goals slash you know calling it the 12-week year and there's a book out there that talks about the 12-week year like making a push and then you break down a reverse-engineer all of that stuff right you reverse engineer what you know what you want to hit in 30 days so every month and then what do you need to do on a weekly basis to hit that and then what should you do daily right in precision nutrition talks about this right you have an outcome you have a goal that you want to hit right and then that goal consists of a bunch of skill sets that you need to learn and master to get there and basically those skill sets are made up of daily practices that you need to do so think of it from a perspective of what are the pattern interrupts that you need need to insert into your life to get you out of the place of you know stress anxiety scarcity you know being tired right being drained into abundance prosperity love giving possibility you know prosperity friendship love like all these different things so what can you do on a daily basis to do that what can you do on a weekly basis to do that and then what can you do on a Mont monthly or quarterly basis to do that so for me daily some of the habits that I just mentioned that are shorter I used them almost like a toolbox right now some things are set in stone I do them almost every day or every day some of them it's like okay this is the best tool for the job some of them on a weekly basis you know so I don't expect people to hike every week or you know maybe do go to laser tag or do this that or the other thing right but but on a weekly basis I go to banya you know if the weather is good I try to go and hike and want to walk you know I try to go to a new restaurant with with my friends like so on and so forth right but on a monthly basis you know taking three four-day trips or even like a day long trip but too late right I don't know where you're at in your life and business but something cuz it's easy to go like wow I can't do that right now but what can you do right what can you do can you take a half a day over the weekend for yourself and you know take a ferry down an island or go you know go do something something different that's completely out of the comfort zone and then every quarter you know can you take a trip can you do can you immerse yourself in and some charity work these are the questions for you more so than my answers but the reality is they're like if if you are not where you want to be it means that the things that you're doing on a daily and weekly basis are leading into in a direction that you don't want to go right so what you want to do is obviously pattern interrupt that to go into the right direction now the ten questions are very very powerful because why like sometimes we have these underlying commitments what I mean by that is this right I have people always like tell me stuff I really want to do XYZ right and then all their actions don't align with that so even though they're saying that underlying ly subconsciously it's whether it's self-worth or you know something else fear or you know I would say anxiety or stress or you know fear of persecution leads them into another direction and these questions are a great way to like interrupt that and consciously like make you go like okay like what I really want and then make decisions based on on that so hopefully you can see that like not only can you use this in your own life but you can you know if you're a coach you can use this to coach people to have tools to get them out of that right there's a lot of different we could dive really really deep on how you can use this with coaching clients both both in the you know in a fitness and nutrition field as well as in the field of high performance business coaching or anything else to be honest with you because like at the end of the day I believe environments trigger behaviors and it's such a big reason why you know vigor I would say the vigor life building and everything that's happening around it now that we're working on is building this environment that triggers positive behaviors that surrounds people with I would say positive people pushing towards you know their best selves and the food is in that alignment the recovery is in that alignment there you know every single part of it is is bumping people out of that negative into the positive and I would have you consider asking yourself in assessing your environments right what is coming into your environment from the things that you hear daily the people that you're around like I mean everything from from the places that you go the things that you read like what do you listen to right all of that stuff because you got to start shifting those puzzle pieces around so they aligned with your deepest desires and your deepest goals and once right verses maybe some some underlying ones that aren't taking you where you want to go with that said man I didn't even sip on my on my on my bang that's crazy but with that said look we'll be back we'll be back with man we got so much stuff that I want to cover everything from the Vig round Fitness before Fitness the Business Summit my insights you know we got a whole nutritional I would say podcast coming up that's gonna go deep and answer some of your questions and much much much more but as always I love and appreciate a review guys like you know when we get reviews what happens up happening is more people see and hear the podcast and you know if this shifts something for someone man even better so like I really appreciate when you do that go into iTunes review five stars you know leave a comment if you love it in also up man I just I just blanked on what I was gonna say damn it that means I'm running out of juice right now and I need to get a pattern interrupt Oh take take action on something like if you heard something right now like look just write out one thing one thing and then just do it right there's always you know this framework of having a revelation and then what does it mean to you right and then what are you gonna do what is the action that you're gonna take associated with what you just learned that is how you exponentially grow right that's how you grow constantly is like you you learn something and you don't just leave it there like you write out what you're gonna do what's the action you're gonna take and then take it as soon as possible no matter how small no matter how big make a decision right now and do it and that's what's gonna continue to propel you forward with that said got to be out love you appreciate you and I'm out

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOriginalAlexander: Great Advice bro! Thanks a lot (:

- How to recognise your patterns - and escape them: Kind: captions Language: en-GB It sounds odd to say that we might be locked within a story. What might this curious expression mean? Chiefly that we keep unknowingly repeating dynamics that go in very particular - and not especially pleasant - directions. We’re involved in stories of defeat, humiliation, suffering, fear and loneliness, believing ourselves to be original at every turn while in fact rehearsing almost identical patterns in our choices and behaviours. And we probably do this in two areas above all: our working lives and our love lives. At work, some of the stories might go like this: - Every time I succeed, I fall prey to terror that others will want to destroy me out of envy - and sabotage myself before they have a chance to ruin me We can get locked in a story where we strive hard to ‘win’ but the moment we do so, we grow fearful of enemies, either real or presumed, taking their vengeance out on us and stripping us of our advantages. It ends up easier to fail at a time of our own choosing than to live in anticipation of random destruction at the will of others. - I end up playing the helpful friend to a more powerful self-involved person who eventually takes all the glory for my efforts. According to this story, we play a meak subservient character who smiles a lot, who listens more than they speak and who winds up unrecognised and marginalised by our dominant friend, whom we have helped to triumph in ways we never do. Comparable sorts of stories might be going on in our love lives. For example: - I am drawn to emotionally unavailable people whose love I relentlessly try to secure According to this story, we repeatedly find ourselves ‘in love’ with people who are either unable to love us back at all or do so in a distracted or half-hearted way (maybe they are very cold or involved with someone else). Whenever an alternative story rears its head, a story involving someone kind and present, we make sure it will be refused and destroyed. We wonder - sincerely - why love can’t be any easier. - I get into relationships with good people who I betray with random strangers - and then lament being abandoned In this story, we begin love stories with kind and good people who we find ourselves drawn to hurting through affairs we’re not aware of actively seeking but that we can’t resist getting into. Our stories are guaranteed to end in loss and sadness. Why are we such addicts of these sorts of painful stories? As we can guess, because they play out in our adult present the essence of scenarios that unfolded in substantially similar ways in childhoods that we have neither understood nor liberated ourselves from at the hands of our caregivers. Once upon a time, the characters that are now played by our co-workers or people we meet on dating sites were played by Mother or Father, in scripts we have lost sight of. We repeat a narrative because specific sorts of pain and unfulfillment feel seductively familiar and because we privilege familiarity over happiness. We have an impression that a story ‘should’ go a certain way, towards darkness, while joy and satisfaction give off a feeling of eerieness and illegitimacy. Liberation comes when we can dare to start an audit of our narrative choices. To help us, we might sketch out the last few relationships or workplace fiascos and see what similarities there might be between them. Who left who and why? Where was the pain coming from? How did we act? And how might this be a palimpsest of what happened somewhere long ago? If we keep being involved in stories of betrayal at work, we can be almost certain that there was once a betrayal that we haven’t understood or overcome. If we keep needing to throw ourselves at the feet of unavailable people, there is someone’s love we once needed and which we have never faced up to not having won. We need to go back and refind the original actors or we will never be left off the stage. We’ll keep following the same fruitless trajectories until we can better understand why we began them - and, through an awareness of our distinctive roles, give ourselves the opportunity, at last, for different sorts of endings.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theschooloflifetv [61 likes]: Have you broken free from your own negative stories? If so, how? Join the discussion in the comments, and perhaps your story could inspire someone else with theirs.
  2. @MrApw2011 [6 likes]: Getting free from the past was, by far, the hardest thing I ever did. The reason it's so hard is because of exactly what the video surmises: you can't tell where these problems are coming from or even that you have a problem and can fool yourself into thinking (or not fool perhaps but actually think you're logically deducing) these problems are brought about by other people doing what they do. In some cases, that may be true and the comments section is too pithy a place to explore all those scenarios. Usually, almost in every case even if someone else contributed to one or more of my previous problems, it is just an acting of what we know. It took me years and years and years to get to where I am now and along the way there were epiphanies (such as when I learned I was co-dependent and an odd-looking people-pleaser - again, would take a lot to explore all that) and I thought that was enough until I went further and further and realized exactly that I had to go relearn everything (still in progress on that but way farther ahead now). I can barely describe the torture this was for me to suffer through. I've never had sensations so terrible, even from the events that caused these problems in the first place. It was being alone a lot, writing a lot, arguing and getting mad with people a lot (but still accepting what they said and letting it affect me when it should. There is so much to discuss about this topic. This was so hard for me that I don't really know how it was possible. The problem is, if you come from the kind of life I came from, telling you that may not resonate and so you might think you can escape and it will be easier somehow. This was a fate worse than death and that was with me thinking that it wasn't so bad going into it,. I believe that if resolving these things in me (a condition I still must test quite a bit more to validate) did what it did to me, anyone who is coming from a place of substantial damage and having to learn again as an adult what you should have gotten as a child, you should believe it will be the hardest fight you'll ever go through and no one will be able to see you sweating or even understand how to give you a kind word or that you need one. Basically, be prepared to be the loneliest you've ever been and then some while also knowing that if you tell others how lonely you are, you may get admonished or even blamed if you tell the truth which makes it such a terrifying thing to face. If you're having to deal with unbreaking yourself, I'm sorry. It's going to be harder and hurt more than whatever broke you but you will, believe me you will, one day see the light if you just resolve to do it. It sucks but know that there are some people who know at least the sensations you're going to experience and you can survive it (please survive it) and once you do, you're going to feel life in a way you never did before.
  3. @chillpaws-2023 [2 likes]: 0:45 this is so specific to meeee wtf 😂😂😂😂
  4. @treecloser [1 likes]: Perfect "life story" nailed it! Now is the question how do i change myself. Recognizing the problem with in me what are my trigger points. Try not to become emotional keep calm set boundaries and act accordingly. Be ampatic without taking it personal. Say what you want without being afraid of hurting others or to be unliked. Can't wait to watch the next video.
  5. @mycelium8 [1 likes]: There's nothing to reflect or change yourself. Remind yourself, you are surrounded by assholes.
  6. @harrypearle9781 [1 likes]: TOOLS, RULES and FOOLS?
I think change can be encouraged by PIVOTING, with TOOLS, RULES and FOOLISHNESS.
=======================================================================
  7. @Manx123 [1 likes]: A bit too often, this channel blames current bad behaviors on childhood. Plenty of bad behaviors aren't due to childhood experiences.
  8. @dylancastro1121: This channel has changed my life
  9. @meryemd.3033: „We need to go back and refund the original actors, or we will never be left off the stage“ hit me the hardest, because it is a 100% true
  10. @sergioazorperez989: The animation could be improved. The images that you have chosen are very poor and distract you from the content, not to mention that all the characters are taken from the mass media.
  11. @LucasSSP: Amazing video. Thanks for the reflection.
  12. @vaisakhps8642: I am in love with a girl who doesnt reciprocate this feeling since my school days. Is this because of something i lacked as a child from one of my parents that i still yearn for her
  13. @NateTheGreat379: This one is heavy. ❤️‍🩹
  14. @martingoldfire: The expression of my DNA that first resembled who I woke up as today, only started existing 4 years ago. Anything before that is a stranger and has no influence on my future. He who was forced himself to cease to exist, in order for someone else to evolve, whomever that may turn out to be. I won't be there to find out, as I fade away in the night, having played my part in the chain of days lived by other selves, leading to an existence mostly in memory.

A new day, a new "me", do well my friend✌️💚🖖
  15. @austinkuzyk: This video was beautiful.
  16. @nemanjat1096: She surely did unlock that narative
  17. @gacoan_noodle8657: I always rewriting on web series the basic on my knowledge and my opinion instead it's very support my psychology n makes me relieved .. Thanks ..
  18. @ppmico: haven't noticed yet any dynamic in my childhood I wasn't previously aware of and it worries me there's stuff back still to haunt my present.
  19. @cb4675: Interestingly no any reference given to the schema theraphy!
  20. @ronniesal7436: Apparently, either I'm a cliche or this guys read my mind. They nail it at least 80% of time. Like they not inly tell me the general things but rather the specifics of my problem. Thing is by this point I already know my problems very well but still can't find the way out!

- The Pattern Interrupt That Rewires Your Subconscious Fast: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning. Good morning. As you get here, make sure you say hello and let me know that you're here. All right. So, this morning we are talking about your brain is lying to you. Not on purpose, but it is. And once you understand how, everything changes. And so I'll start this with we have 50 billion bits of information that is coming to us per second because remember everything is energy of frequency from the phone to the pen to the trees outside to the sounds we hear to the opportunities that show up. Everything has a frequency and energy about it, right? And so as I'm sitting here, there are so many things in my environment that if I had to pay attention to every single one of them constantly, my brain would just kind of overload. And our brain is so amazing and how it filters things out. So, even to the point of, you know, if you've ever known anybody that lived near the airport and when they first move in, it's like the constant sound of the planes is very disturbing and intrusive in their life. And over time, their brain starts filtering out that sound. So, they don't even process it anymore. It's not part of their reticular activating system. it is not part of that 2,000 bits of information that's coming in. It filters it out. I even worked with myself with I was having some issues with um tenitis and it was this constant noise in my ear. And so as I thought about all of this, I thought, well, wait a minute, maybe if I can reduce the noise and quit listening to it, it won't be a problem. And so I worked with that. I I created a hypnosis recording that I listened to and it became a place where the only time I heard it was when I would talk about it and think about it and then I would hear the noise. But other than that, I didn't hear it anymore. Beautifully done with our brain, right? But like I said, you only process 2,000 bits of that 50 billion bits of information. So just like our brain filters out the tonitis noise, um our brain filters out the airplane that's going over all the time. It also does it with normal everyday things. So um it is the thing that makes a difference in what you hear or what you see. Those that 2,000 bits that you're privy to, they come from who you think you are, what you think that you're is available to you, and what's important to you. The biggest one is what you believe about yourself, what you believe about the world. And one of the places that it really shows up a lot in is basically keeping your word to yourself. So every broken promise that you've made to yourself, your subconscious mind stores that as data and it confirms an old story that you may have said. So, um, the way it's easiest for me to, um, explain this is let's say you're a person that is heavier, and maybe you're not even that heavy, but you decide you want to get healthier and you decide that you're going to go walking or running every day. And so when you make that decision, depending on what your 2,000 bits are that you're privy to all the time, it's going to your subconscious mind is going to be sitting and paying attention. So let's see. She just said this. Let's see what happens. And so the first morning that the alarm goes off and you had said you were going to go for a walk or a run and you hit the snooze and you hit the snooze and then when you get up it's like I don't have time I'll do it later and then you don't do it. Um it starts really really pulling that data together and it says okay when has this happened before? And then it'll go back all through your history and see when other times you might have made a promise of what you were going to do and you didn't follow through. So the next time you hit that snooze, next time you set that um that goal of getting up and going for a walk, it's going to do things to discourage you because in its data that is the course of action that typically you do, which is you decide you're going to do that and then the next day you don't. So it's going to help you in that way. As the matter of fact, it may even say, "Well, h I'm a little bit tired today. Maybe I have a headache. Maybe I can do it later. Maybe it's not that important." And it'll start in your mind. Um before the alarm even goes off, it's working. And then when the alarm goes off, you do the same pattern. You hit the snooze, you run out of time, and you don't do it. Now, if what happened is this is what I tell my clients to do that may be struggling with something like this is if it's walking or running in the morning that you're wanting to do, you go ahead and when you before you go to bed, you lay out the clothes that you're going to wear when you go. So, that's another trigger. That's a break in the pattern. You haven't been doing that or if you have, we'll have to find another pattern breaker for you, right? So you go ahead and you do that. You put the clothes out with the shoes and everything exactly where you can see them the moment you open your eyes if possible, right? And then when your alarm goes off, you have directed yourself that you're going to sit up in the bed and you're going to look at the clothes and then you're going to go ahead and get up and put those clothes on. Now, here's where the really important part comes in. Now, let's say you got up that morning and you were really tired. Maybe you had a headache. And your normal pattern would be to lay back down and not do it. But this time, you're going to break that pattern. So, you're going to put those clothes on and you're going to go to the door. You're going to walk outside. And if you live in a house like I do and you have a driveway, you're going to go to the end of the driveway where your mailbox is or whatever. And then you're going to make a decision from there. Do I feel well enough to go ahead and do at least part of my walk? And if not, then you go ahead and go back in. But you've already broken the pattern because you went outside and you did a walk. And it doesn't matter if you were intending to do two miles or whatever you were intending to do, you started, which is a very big difference from what you had been doing. So you've broken the pattern. And so now that becomes new data for your subconscious mind. And it may say from there the next morning it may say um well go ahead and get up. You know you felt better yesterday because you got up and you go ahead and get up. And over time it becomes and sometimes it's a very short period of time. It becomes your biggest cheerleader. So that when the alarm goes off you pop up and you say, "Oh my gosh, it's going I'm going to feel so good after I do my walk. It may even get to the point where and this is what happens to me is that you get up before the clock even goes off and begin. Right? So there's this pattern that you have created in your subconscious so that it can do its job. You don't fight it. You feed it new data. Clothes laid out. Walk to the mailbox. Right? So, you've already started adjusting what it expects and what it encourages you to do. Now, I mentioned the reticular activating system and what we actually see are 2,00 bits of information, right? It's depending on where we are and what we're doing. So, for instance, I bought a Prius a few years ago, and when I did, I had never really seen them on the road. I My daughter had mentioned something about a Prius, and I thought that sounds pretty cool, and let me go check it out. And the moment I checked it out, I started seeing them different places, right? Well, when I bought my Prius, I went to the grocery store and when I pulled up, it was like all I saw were Priuses everywhere parked in the parking lot. Now, in actuality, I'm sure there were other cars there, but I did not register them because my reticular activating system was bringing me the data of Prius. You see what I mean? So when I bought that Prius, I saw them everywhere. They were always there. My filter wasn't just looking. It was g gathering data, right? So our brain works with evidence like this of who you are. So being confident in who you are and what you're doing isn't just a feeling. It's evidence that you build over time. So I would love to ask you and like I said I cannot see any of the of the comments or anything like that right now. Um so forgive me for not responding. It's just not showing up. So, if you're watching the replay, put hashtagre replay and then join in the conversation and I'll come back and I'll promise I will um answer your questions and be grateful for you coming in and watching the live or watching the replay whichever way you come in. Right? So the the thing that is so important, especially when you think about for those people who may have goals of fitness or maybe someone who has a goal of making more money, someone that has a goal of just being um better at their job, whatever it is, your your 2,000 bits of information that you do will change because you started noticing something else if you allow that to happen. Right? Like me with the Prius. Before that, I never saw them, never paid attention to them. They were there. I just didn't see them. And the same thing goes with opportunities. If you're not open to opportunities, they can't get in because you've already got those 2,000 bits aligned with who you think you are, who you believe you are, and what you believe about the world. You know, I've talked many times about the two people in the car, right? And as they're driving down, somebody's driving down the road and they're passengers and they're looking out the window and one sees amazing things and the other person sees the exact same view and only sees what's wrong. And it's because of their filter of the world and their filter of who they are. And therefore, they it's not that the other the good things, the blooms and the flowers and the and the kids playing aren't there. is that their reticular activating system, their bits of information will not allow those to come in because it goes against the data that they have stored in their subconscious mind. Interesting, right? So, one of the best ways to change that data is change your focus. What you're looking at changes when you change your focus. So when you do that, you're starting to build evidence of something different. Now, one of the things that is important to me is that I learn new things all the time. And as I learn new things, new doors and new opportunities show up. And it's just like what is it that is it Yoda? I think that it says when the student is ready, the teacher will come. Or I don't know who it says it, but I think I remember Yoda saying something like that. Um, but if not, correct me. Let me know that I'm incorrect in that. Um, because it's been a while since I saw the original Star Wars. So, however, that is the truth because if you are not ready to hear something that will help you as you're moving forward in life, learning something, if you're not ready for it, even if the person pops up in your feed, if the person pops up on a live or a person talks about a workshop, you will not even pay attention. Or you might see it and think that's not for me. Whatever it may be, right? So if you're watching this now, this is for you because otherwise you wouldn't be here. And so I invite you to maybe share this out with someone else because they may need it too. So, help me get the the message out, the word out a little bit more. And so, my friend Christine and I are doing a a workshop that is on when is it? Um, it is on the 27th, May 27th at 700 p.m. Eastern. So, I want you to watch because I'm going to be putting out some um some more info about it. And it's what we call a my people party. Meaning that it is a workshop, but it's a workshop that's more laid-back. It's a workshop that is more communitydriven. It is um it's like a party. We have conversations instead of just slides and a to-do list and put one in the comments of this. We we might do that on occasion, but usually we're just there having a conversation and sharing something amazing. And we are doing hours this time about um some different things in business that we see that people are looking and searching for. And we have a great great resource um for everyone to um to check out. And so watch for it. And so this resource that we will be talking about is a lot like putting the clothes out um on the on the couch or the chair or whatever it is before you go to bed when you know you want to get up and do your walk in the morning, right? It lowers the activation energy and it gives you the structure to start showing up and building that evidence. So the it's a really cool thing when you think about it. So watch for and I say so quite often and I don't know why it's either that or um it's one of the things I'm working on. The thing is is that having the tools to work with are amazing and so we're going to offer you some tools but at the same time tools are not enough. We also offer you, we'll do a little mindset work at the um my people party, the workshop, so that it helps you to look at that um 2,000 bits of information that you're getting right now and make sure that they are useful and helping you to move forward in life, whatever that may be. So, we'll offer you tools and we'll offer you some mindset. So, it will be perfect. So, make sure that you watch and um I would give you the link right now, but I I don't know that we have it completely set up. So, watch and we're going to we're going to be doing that. So, and if you're interested in um coming to the workshop just from what I said today, just put workshop in the comments and I'll make sure that I send you the the link as soon as we have everything set up and ready to go. But I'm telling you, it will be life-changingly powerful to learn about these new tools and get some of the mindset work to help you reformat your 2,000 bits of information. Powerful stuff. And I also want to invite you to join this conversation in my newsletter. I send out a newsletter every week. It goes out on typically goes out on Wednesday evening and every now and then it will go out on a Monday or Tuesday but typically on Wednesday evening and I utilize a lot of different information that I've been sharing for the week and I create a newsletter that will be very powerful for you. I give you there's an affirmation and a journal prompt in there and then I'll do a usually have a book recommendation. I have a little experiment that you can do. So there's a lot of things in there that is very powerful to help you shift your beliefs in yourself and how you show up in the world, how you believe about the world and change your 2,000 bits of information. I mean that is golden. That is golden. I promise you. All right. So I hope you have enjoyed this. So it is the enlightened peach.beehive.comsubscribe. So, I would love to have you to subscribe to the newsletter and you're more than welcome to share the information out to anyone else that you think would feel supported with this because it is a labor of love. I love doing it and I am so happy to be here with you guys today and I look forward to seeing you at the workshop. Make remember you put the the word workshop in the comments and I will make sure I get you the link to get to the workshop. I promise you. And that once again is May 27th. It's a Wednesday at 700 p.m. Eastern. And as always remember, life is delicious. Savor each and every bite. Love you guys.

- Nailing Cold Calls & Emails with Pattern Interrupts: Kind: captions Language: en so let's talk about you know CLA you brought up the pattern interrupt and I want to talk about just a couple of different ways that like additional ways you mentioned the executive videos um there's some ways that maybe are more dayt day Jill I know you have like your go-to what's your go-to pattern interupt yes so I want you guys all to think of this of the from the perspective is you can use it on a call so when you're speaking or you can construct it written in an email so I'm going to talk of it more so from like if you're on a cold call but again just remember you can write it out too but my favorite pattern in interrupt for any objection is that's exactly why I called so I actually wrote out a couple examples if I can share but oh I'm not the right person oh that's exactly why I called they're not expecting that they're expecting you to be like oh sorry bye no interrupt the pattern um and even the example I shared before that's exactly why I called I figured that you use the tool dayto day so you really have an understanding of the challenges and things that you really like more than a director or VP would ever know so let's have a a really candid conversation about that people aren't expecting that another example could be oh I already have a solution yes that's exactly why I called most people that I'm reaching out to they're already using a system so it's great to hear you're part of that that Bunch however I've noticed people like to evaluate six to 12 months out so I'm hoping to catch you at that time frame when is your contract up people aren't expecting that and if I can end with another one um send me an email yes that is exactly why I called most people that I speak with prefer to do their own research and due diligence before hopping on any you know sales phone call like you are with me so what's top of mind to make sure that my email is really relevant for where you guys are at and then that's also going to be another test of can they answer that or not to gauge if there's interest do they can they answer that or they still just trying to blow you off and then just multi-thread to another individual but yes if you can Master that's exactly why I called exactly why I emailed you exactly why I picked you specifically make them feel special have the research to back it and that's where again it's really good for the information gathering too but yes if you can master that is exactly why I called it is your get out of jail free card for any objection you'll ever face I love it and I think it's like that you you talk about mastering it it's the tone you use it's the the way that you make people feel again we go back to the emotions piece Clara how are you besides the videos with the executives what's your favorite like daytoday break up the pattern well I think on the topic of Jill with cold calls I I get uh a little flustered if I'm on a cold call and someone is talking to me about pains or initiatives right that they typically solve and they bring someone else's name from my organization up that is a pattern interrupt for me so if they're like hey are you trying to drive revenue from your current customers right now like how are you doing that through expansion like what what's the motion and I'm like yeah we are and they're like okay so like what what does your cro talk about when you guys meet as an exact but you don't say C right you use the actual name so what is Bob saying in board meetings about this topic like are you trying to get tooling for it are you trying to hit a certain number like that type of um credibility of them doing their research but also name dropping is like oh wait you actually really know my business and really think that this could be helpful and valuable given the fact that you know I am reporting to this person or they're part of these types of conversations so I wanted to add that in because cold calls are you know there's a lot of different tips and tricks to it but I think that's a good pattern interrupt [Music]

- Using Pattern Interrupts for Cold Calling: Kind: captions Language: en so thomas uh one of the things that i think a lot of people have a lot of opinions on and they like to talk about it because it's such a creative well an area where you can be creative as pattern interrupts uh so maybe just before we get too deep into it uh what are pattern interrupts and when do you use them yeah so uh pretty pretty basically a pattern interrupt is merely a statement or a question that you use to get the prospect out of that defensive mentality right uh simply to to interrupt their default response of saying no i don't want to be on this call right away um you first pick up and and they're like oh man a cold call and they're they're in that frame of mind it's to get them out of that yeah it makes it makes sense to start there right you see that number you don't recognize you're in the middle of probably a million other things it's not something you want to take it's not a call you want to take and so uh you can end up in a position where you call someone and they immediately say no they don't know why they're saying no they just know that they don't want to be on the phone right now so they say no i don't have time for this um a pattern interrupt is is a useful way to uh stop that in its tracks before it uh it gets gets out of hand here so uh i think it makes sense maybe to go through some some basic ones and then move through uh some variations and and creative uh ideas and what we can do with pattern interrupts yeah i think for newbies that kind of thing that they love probably the basics and then even just getting like a little taste of of some of the more complicated ones and uh and some examples of those would be interesting as well absolutely uh so the first one we should mention is the the aaron ross that we've all all heard uh we have to mention it uh so simply it goes hey adriel thanks for taking my call have i have i caught you at a bad time um yes what this is doing is it's starting in a position of respect uh it's also acknowledging that you've always caught somebody at a bad time there's there's no good time for for a sales call or much of anything in most people's busy lives so yeah again it's simple adriel have i caught you at a bad time it gives the prospect an opportunity to say yeah actually i am in the middle of something else right now and then you can set up a time to call later right you have them now expecting you to call um i i would say it's been used a lot so sometimes you'll call a prospect whether they're the ceo or the ceo and at some point in their career they've maybe even used that line themselves uh so you can get an eye roll you can get an eye roll because they're now now they're in the situation where they're saying hey yeah this is a sales call and i don't want to take it and i've heard this line before a million times yeah so i i do something a little different i say simply uh adriel do you have a minute to chat about sales automation or should i call back another time all right um so yeah the format there simple hey do you have a second to talk about this or should i call back another time uh if they say call back another time perfect uh give a generic question again say well awesome how does today sound how does tomorrow sound if tomorrow instead of trying to pin down a specific time and get them kind of flustered thinking about when they can actually have that chat again something general like angel do you prefer mornings or or afternoons all right you could add a little humor in there again you can say how about midnight tomorrow how does that sound gotta laugh um but ultimately getting them opening their scheduling books right to thinking ahead and saying yeah this guy he's all right he's gonna call me tomorrow afternoon uh and then that's it you follow through you call and you say hey is now a better time and you go back and cycle through all over again yeah i like it it's got choices in there but both choices are still talking to you you can basically be busy but the alternative is i call you later yeah yeah and i think that's uh that's a good point right you you set up the framework for the kinds of choices that can can be made um i'm gonna call you regardless right you just gotta pick the time that you prefer um the next one is another another tried and tested one um it's the uh hey adriel can i have 27 seconds of your time can you think why 27 seconds uh because it's an odd time it interrupts the pattern yeah exactly it's not like i did before where it's hey do you have a minute or hey do you have 10 minutes right for this call it's a it's a weirdly specific time and it just kind of it just kind of gets you out of your out of your pattern interrupting your pattern right so hey you got 45 seconds for a call right now you get 27 seconds and that's that's the connect and sell method um again used used quite quite frequently i will do uh something a little bit different i'll say hey adriel i'm gonna be honest i just need 45 minutes of your time all right right a a really long amount of time and hopefully you get some kind of a laugh you make it a little bit uncomfortable hey adriel thanks for taking my call you got like an hour to talk right now um yeah that that works out those are those are both funny i can't say i've got a cold call like that before most of mine have been uh uh very generic but i can't say that a lot of cold colors are using those techniques you're talking about yeah and it comes from just from using using the techniques that we rely on and then making a slight change to it and trying to bring some levity into the conversation because again at the end of the day as we always say you're just one person having a conversation with another person right it doesn't it doesn't have to be a very girded kind of conversation with a lot of structure to it yeah now a little bit more unorthodox uh would be something that i call stating the obvious and uh it's simply adriel this is a cold call do you want to hang up [Music] leave it at that you just let them respond yeah and sometimes you will get it you'll get it yeah i don't want to talk right now bye and you'll hang up but usually what happens is i say hey joe this is a cold call do you want to hang up and they'll say well that depends on what the cold call is about and now that's an invitation to keep talking interesting and ask another question yeah it's kind of a it's kind of a ballsy thing to do it's i guess a more candid or more real uh kind of a conversation opener as well right like a lot of the a lot of the cold calls that people get are just canned scripts that don't have any room for uh a little bit of friendly banter a little bit of like realism up front yeah yeah absolutely and it it makes you get out of your comfort zone too right so you've you've put the the prospect in a situation where uh they're having to respond to you because you just interrupted their day and now they're playing this kind of role right um and you likewise you are making that call um adding a little bit of levity adding a little bit of banter to it getting more relaxed in the call um can be a way to get both people out of those performative roles of person picking up the phone and person interrupting their day right yeah i mean if you've done your homework and you've you've uh found the right prospect like your pitch should be a good pitch anyways you just need to make sure that they're they're willing to listen and willing to hear it that's a great point actually uh going into with that confidence of saying hey i i know i'm interrupting their day but at the same time i've done my homework like you said i know who i'm calling i know why i'm calling and i know what the product is that i'm trying to trying to pitch right and trying to get that demo booked or whatever the the sort of uh metric of success might be yeah exactly yeah um another one that i like to use i'll just call it charting the course uh really this this is uh opening the conversation right acknowledging that it is a sales call but setting limits on that uh so it's something simple like adriel can i have a minute of your time after that if you're interested we can keep going for another minute all right uh you can pick a time frame it could be again you can make a joke it could be any 20 minutes and go from there it could be 37 seconds uh and continue but whatever time frame that you pick if it's a minute or if it's 27 seconds roughly roughly after that time has elapsed say hey we've been talking for 27 seconds adriel i want to hear more about this though do you mind if we keep going right and you just keep asking permission to continue the conversation right even if even if the conversation is obviously continuing down the right path again interrupt that pattern and then take back control of the right so adriel i love what i'm hearing let's keep going how's another 27 seconds sound yeah interesting kind of uh setting the way kind of uh well like you said they're charting the course yeah yeah setting out how the conversation conversation's gonna go and then checking in every once in a while to make sure that we're uh we're going the right way yeah i like it and at the end of the day pattern interrupts are meant to be unexpected and creative so be creative be unexpected and um i think the things that worked yesterday might get an eye roll today so you've got to keep revamping them and don't rely on them too much again it's just to break the ice right it's really just to break the ice and get the conversation started and then it will naturally go where it's going to go

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomprovan50: first one is a double bind. Can I talk to you now or call you latter but one way or anther  I will call you. How is another 27 seconds sound is a little like an embedded command. ;You could add a tag phrase. that would be ok wouldn't it?

- Pattern Interrupt in Sales: Sandler's Unique Closing Technique: Kind: captions Language: en about 50 years ago when David Sandler was doing his research on a new sales process he knew that we had to break the pattern in other words break the pattern of how salespeople make buyers feel most people feel uncomfortable when they're in a selling situation as a buyer they feel pressure they know the salesperson is going to close them and they've probably already decided what they're going to tell them so here's an example every classically trained salesperson knows the ABC will always be closing in other words I want to get in front of you give you as much data as I can and ask you for the business they ask for a yes most of the time they settle for a I want to think it over which our data show is really a no so a pattern interrupted that would be closing for a no at the beginning it's called an upfront contract at the end of our meeting today we'll be in a couple different places and it's absolutely okay to tell each other no and what that does is it clears the pathway for getting yeses so all of the techniques that we teach including the closing technique is based upon a pattern interrupt to do the opposite of what everybody else does that's why it works if you need help with your sales process or management process my number is 949-279-5106 that's my mobile

- The Power of The Pattern Interrupt Technique in Sales: Kind: captions Language: en everybody Claude diamond here with one of my little discussed techniques called pattern interrupts pattern interrupts are basically getting the prospect in a different state normally if you use the same scripting the same words that your competition is using the the traditional scripts that a lot of the Guru's give well the prospect is heard that so many times before they have a prepared answer there aren't automatic so what we want to do is get them out of that comfort zone and regain control with them so we're gonna say something different for instance when someone a common one I use is when someone says I want to think about it I'll say mister or missus phosphate you're not allowed to think about it then there's silence and then I fix it not discuss this in some of my other videos I'll say play something like gee you know usually when people say that to me it just means up it means you really want to say no but you're very sensitive to my feelings and I appreciate that thank you very much but you know what we're both adults here and if you don't want to do the deal today why don't we just say no when it's over and then I regain control by regaining of doing my questioning when I make cold calls to people most people that make cold calls say something like hi I'm from Keller Williams I am a real estate investor I am a life insurance and I'm reaching out for you today you can I have a minute of your time and that that they're prepared to answer that no I'm busy call me later take me off your list but what we want to do is get into a we want to get their attention we want to get their focus in their interests we want to go right to their subconscious so I'll say something I'll call somebody up they'll say hello and I'll say gee mister mrs. Smith how come that huh nice home of yours didn't sell yet what's wrong with it and a little bit of sauces Oh nothing's wrong with it and we had a bad realtor it's the market it's the weather or something like that or I might call it why am i mr. and mrs. Bostwick why am i calling you today well I don't know you called me what yeah that's right thank you very much but I have your numbers from me this isn't about real estate is it could you help me out yeah I'll call up I will always ask a question it'll be an off-the-wall question I can always fix it later and I want them to start responding people can't resist a good question and they'll respond and then you'll get into a dialogue with them the longer your dialogue the more information you get the more rapport you develop with that prospect the greater the likelihood when you have a longer conversation and more in-depth conversation with them they'll see you as someone different maybe someone they like someone they trust and you'll get the information you need to maybe make an offer but to do business or to gain another appointment or to send them a contract pattern interrupts are wonderful there's a variety of different ones you can use and it makes the company and I would say speak to five people a day pattern interrupts or the way I get lengthy or conversations with someone that I can qualify upfront and then I could possibly even close in the first phone call this is Claude diamond you know what I'm going to say nobody deserves success more than you learn the gut sales method study it learned the three steps learn how to ask questions a positive negative redirection use your psychological triggers use your pattern interrupts and you will see magic happen in your business I do answer my own phone nine seven oh two eight one five one five one give me a thumbs up if you like this video have a great day bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @KGDM_kuvs [2 likes]: This sounds so eerily similar to some “guru” out there pretending to be an entrepreneur lol. 

You give so much value brother!
  2. @nathanielpyatt5529 [1 likes]: Great value from this video, commenting for the algorithm.
  3. @edonismeve [1 likes]: How can i use it ina cold call about cars'selling? My clients always reject me when i introduce me...
  4. @Atlasdunky: I'm a copywriter can I use this to slide into my prospects DMs after complementing them about something they've done recently
  5. @rebeccaneal1799: Thanks ☺️
  6. @needblinds2592: It’s called reverse psychology my friend god bless those days are gone be kind we don’t need lots of money
  7. @TheSlipbookie: Claude i would like to see if i can get some NLP training and hypnosis training. Do you offer that?

- Pattern Interrupt - NLP: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what is a pattern interrupt what's it used for and it can it really help find out initial hey I'm Mike sweet from Mike sweet Cody at UK giving you the edge in life and business with NLP and psychology today's show is all about pattern interrupt interrupt in someone's pattern on purpose now before we dive into pattern interrupt I think it's important to understand that we are pattern creating monsters everything we do lays out a pattern we run our lives based on patterns it's a way that we fast track through life without needing to think about every single process let's face it if what we did was good enough last time then it's probably easiest if we just follow that same routine it allows us to do shortcuts patterns allow us to run autonomously and automatically without our conscious brain needing to kick in as much you see we do need patterns but patterns also can control us and we can get wrapped up in certain unhelpful patterns that can be difficult to break let's face it if a pattern that we have hardwired is automatic and unconscious it can be very hard to break but you see when we run our patterns if they are helpful then that's great if they are negative then we need to break them or help other people break their negative patterns because that's where the the real magic is in pattern interrupts but let's have a quick look how we can use pattern interrupts ourself now let's take the pattern that most of us have a bit of structure for that we can relate to that's getting up in the gate getting up in the morning perhaps we'll have a certain time set on the alarm or a certain number of alarms set because we don't plan on getting up and then the six o'clock alarm goes off and the arm goes out the same pattern because the phones in the same place with the same ringtone and we turn it off in the same way that we do every day then it goes off again at five past and the same arm comes out for the same pattern to touch the same phone in the same place to turn it off again now whatever your pattern is you might do this 1 2 3 5 7 times until you do finally get up but let's take those people who get up at 25 bus I'm late they're charging around the same thing that they do every single day so the pattern needs to change but remember what I said about it becoming automatic and unconscious and it's almost if those patterns drive us so how do you begin to flip that well you are running your own brain you are operating your own body you need to actively change that pattern so set your arm for a couple of minutes past 6:00 rather than at 6:00 there's change number one then go move your phone or your alarm clock right across the other side of the room or perhaps even on the landing where if you leave it going off too long it'll wake the rest of the house so then when your alarm goes off in the morning your arm goes out as it normally does to turn it off it's not there the pattern has changed so I'm famous for saying things that don't make sense but changes create changes what then happens because something's different you have to bounce out of bed you have to go and find your phone which you'll be in a probably a bit of a blur about and then you will turn your phone off so your pattern is already changing so now what do you do you'll probably have those elastic attached to your pyjamas just wanting to drag you back into warmth so before that happens and you go back to your default pattern remember you your body wants to take you back to what it knows because if it was good enough to keep you there or good enough before then you might as well keep it there it's a great position from evolutionary standpoint if what worked has kept you here just carry on doing that so the idea here here is to put another pattern in place then what you're going to do perhaps is drink a large glass of water that you've got the glass ready and you know what tap you're going to use in what bathroom or downstairs perhaps it's due a big stretch and a big yawn and take forward it big deep breaths and then go downstairs see when you create or imagine a new process it's very easy to break a pattern you just need something to give it that initial initial jolt can you see how that works so let's have another look at another type of pattern interrupt and this is a linguistic pattern interrupt let's let's talk about someone who does sales and you're a sales guy you pick up a sales girl you pick up the phone and regular basis you make a thousand calls and you say hi my name is John or Jane I'm calling from the XYZ company can you tell me who deals with X now you'll probably have a certain type of script or a way that you say something because it's your pattern but the people that you are calling also have a pattern they know when that phone rings from that folk from those phone numbers it's probably going to be a sales call so what patterns are they switch into they switch into the immediate know and they're thinking hi I'm X from Y can I speak to and they turn you to email and do whatever because that's the pattern that they tell everyone see your pattern which is most people's pattern hits someone else's pattern and the default answer is no go away so how do you break that now there are many different ways but you you need to start your conversation differently in a way that they've never heard before so you could do something if depends who you're calling at what level but you could say hello I called to speak to John but before I put before you put me through I'm having a chat with the office cut off its colleagues and what was your favorite film from the 80s talk about a pattern interrupt how many times do you think that person's picked up and someone's asked them a question like that I'm guessing never so when you break someone's pattern you allow them to to think for themselves and open it up so anything that's different can create a pattern interrupt so think about how you can use that now let's look at another path pattern interrupt that's used I've seen Richard Bandler use it a number of times and he uses it quite frequently but two massive advantages and he's able to interrupt someone's pattern when they're telling them about a problem you see people who have depression or have anxiety or have OCD or or struggling to lose weight or can't quit smoking whatever it is they'll have a narrative attached to that a pattern in which they describe it in a certain way because what they do so when someone talks about their depression or their anxiety they know exactly where it came from how long it happened why it's causing them all up all the issues and they have a pattern they learn a narrative that goes with that so one of the things Richard does is he'll change that pattern quite quickly by making them laugh or doing something provocative Tony Robbins will throw a cup of water in your face three or four times while you're talking about your depressive state now think about these patterns and pattern interrupts and why that's important because someone could be talking think back to a time where someone was telling you about about their summer holiday or vacation or engagement and they're really in it the emotion was coming out they were loved and explained everything that went on and without much thought because you didn't think about pattern interruption you said something like oh when my aunt he went to Magaluf she lost her flip-flops and they were expensive ones and then the person that you're speaking to that you've interrupted their pattern has now completely lost what it was they were going to say gone as if by magic because when someone's on a roll in a pattern and you break that it's very hard for them to go back to that pattern they can do it but but it's a very difficult to go back to so a pattern interrupt we use them all the time accidentally it's almost like mismatching I cover that in another one of the videos which I'll put a link to in the in the bottom but when you mismatch you can knock someone off-track so it can be beneficial if you need if someone's going off on a tangent you need to bring them back to it you can if someone's running a certain pattern that's unhelpful for them or others you can interrupt that pattern and what's really interesting that I keep saying and in all the videos and vlogs and blogs and podcast is a memory is only a memory of the last time you remembered it a memory is only a memory of the last time you remember it so this means when that memory is reira membered and this time has got lots of pattern interrupts at certain stages that memory becomes very different so when a person is telling you about their problem or issue and the last time they remember it's full of pattern interrupts and comedy and humor and provocation you'll find that they'll remember it and restructure that memory very differently so there you have it pattern interrupt something that you could begin to apply now remember in order to learn NLP the only way to do it is by experience it doesn't matter how many videos you watch how many podcasts you listen to how many books you read you have to apply and do it so where do you start well if you head over to mike sweet Cody at UK forward slash sign up pop your details in the email box and you'll receive weekly trainings practical tips for you to take little pieces and begin to implement and run with those so you really begin to grow and learning these skills and use them every day just imagine how impactful that will be and they'll always be free and hopefully they'll always be helpful so you go over and check that out so if you've enjoyed this video please give us a thumbs up in the video it really does matter this is a new channel please do put a comment in the box and obviously subscribe you can also find me on Facebook Instagram and Twitter at Mike c-suite so let's get connected speak soon bye for now you

  Top Comments:
  1. @businessinteresi4923 [3 likes]: Thank you for multiple pauses and rerepeating things.
I hate when pple run through the speech as if they are chasing someone. 
You let the information sink in.
Thank you. 👍
  2. @sueellar [1 likes]: Thanks Mike, this is exactly the help I was looking for. I include this kind of approach in my work as a healthy eating coach, but have only done it intuitively so far, so wanted some tips without taking an entire NLP course. Love your presentation style. I’ll sign up for the trainings. Thanks for the generous gift 🙏🏻
  3. @CirqueDuSpirit2010 [1 likes]: U r so wonderful to listen to
  4. @claver99 [1 likes]: Just subscribe
  5. @auraluxe888 [1 likes]: I came here to learn pattern interrupt methods and I got the bonus of information to why my memory is getting all holey 🤣🤘 thank you sir! 🙏🏻
  6. @natashaadamson4168 [1 likes]: Loving the 30day FREE NLP. Read all the text and then have it all clarified by the video. THANK YOU MIKE
  7. @maryamnadooshan7844 [1 likes]: great job explaining the pattern :)
  8. @themanwhoknewtoomuch11111: Absolute gold... just what i was looking for and what no one talks.
  9. @storytimewithkajal: Amazing. Thank you for sharing. Its not easy for everyone to take the course. They are so damn costly and weird - Meaning that they take a chunk of it and create a course around it. Grateful for your efforts.
  10. @jamielinsdell3326: How do I apply that with a subconscious anxious response like urge to use the bathroom whenever slightly on edge, uncertain or under pressure?
  11. @shantanusharma2957: A memory is only a memory of the last time you remembered it. *Mind blown!!*😲
  12. @silver2zilver: A memory is only a memory of the last time you remembered it.
  13. @truebluesparkle: helpful tysm
  14. @theloveflows8773: Just found your channel, juicy stuff! 💚
  15. @consciousriverfilms: I object to not being allowed to see dislikes. without the total number of likes and dislikes, there is no way to judge the appeal of anything on YT (percentage of likes to dislikes).  It's a form of censorship.  For instance I think this video is GREAT, but I can no longer confirm that a great majority of others also think it's great, something like 990 likes to 10 dislikes, which is equivalent to a broad 99% appeal or approval rating, which REALLY helps me cut through the for of what's crap and what's info is actually good and more likely to be true.
  16. @ithink_its_ian7695: Is this Stacking Realities?
  17. @howiedick6857: Dude, that fucking shirt fits like a custom made condom.
  18. @MeenaAdnani: Your videos are great. Btw why do you hide the no of subscribers? You are good. Period. Don’t hide the nos. ❤️
  19. @michelehess2127: I appreciate the practical aproach.
  20. @the5wheeledwombat: loving your lessons mate thank you

- You Stand Out Using Pattern Interrupts 🗝: Kind: captions Language: en We learn how to ask questions, open and closed-ended questions. Uh questions with redirection. Um open openers, uh different things that engage people in a conversation. How do most sales people when they call us, what do they say? What's the first thing sales people say? Hi, how are you today? Can I have a minute of your time? Just reaching out. Let's sing Kumbaya. And And you will How do we react when we get those We're in a When we How many people here have had prospects who have said to us, "Oh, you're the 10th bottom feeder to call me today." >> [snorts] >> Okay, is that a great way to start a conversation? Am I the only one? Okay, the thing is, what if we opened up in different ways? We call those pattern interrupts. If we could open up in different ways using a gut sales method a a system where we learn how to engage people, you know, ring ring, John Lee, unmute yourself. Ring ring. Hello. Yeah, hey, John, Claude Diamond. Sorry it took me so long to call you. That property must be gone by now, right? Well, I've got a couple offers right now. Okay, but so it's sold, it's gone, right? I don't want to waste your time. I got Yeah, I've got This is John Lee, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. That's it. Yeah, John, would you wouldn't want to sell it right now, would you? Well, I I don't know. What do you have in mind? Well, let's get Laura on, she'd know. >> [laughter] >> Can I Can I Can I ask you one or two real quick questions? You can ask me a few and I'll make you an offer and maybe we can do business and if not, you can tell me to get lost. Is it fair Is that fair? Oh, sure. I love your Oh, you're a gentleman. Thank you. Boom.

- The Pattern Interrupt 1: Kind: captions Language: en Let me ask you something. When was the last time you promoted someone on your sales team and then watched something quietly fall apart? Maybe the team started feeling a little bit different. Or maybe a couple of good people left. Or perhaps the numbers just softened and you didn't understand why. Because the person you promoted was your best. Here's what nobody tells you. The skills that make someone your top salesperson are almost the exact opposite of what makes someone a great sales leader. And when that transition is not handled properly, it doesn't just cost you one leader, it can cost you the whole team. I'm Dr. Donna Smith Bellinger. I've spent my career studying exactly what breaks high performing sales teams and more importantly how to stop it. I've implemented this process time and time again. And on April 16th, I'm hosting a free live training called Stop Accidentally Destroying Your Sales Team. If you have a sales team of five or more and at least one promotion anywhere on your horizon, future, past, this is the session that could save you $150,000 plus 18 months of instability. Register by clicking on the QR code here and I will see you April 16th.

- How To Prevent Anxiety (PATTERN INTERRUPT) | Anxiety Guy Podcast 281: Kind: captions Language: en one man one mission to rid the world of chronic anxiety once and for all the anxiety guy dennis simsek shares his personal transformation from living a life filled with overwhelming worry to becoming a full-fledged positivity machine a leading authority and generalized anxiety dennis gets to the truth of your mental health challenges and sets you on a path to transforming each and every area of your life here he is the one and only the anxiety guy warriors welcome this is episode 281 you are listening to the anxiety guy podcast thank you for joining me i'm dennis and today i want to discuss a skill set i want to discuss one of the fastest ways to halt the pattern that leads to anxiety before i get into it go ahead head on over to the anxietyguy.com learn more about the inner circle program today 16 weeks of daily guidance from me towards total healing from anxiety at the anxietyguy.com under inner circle as well we have just begun our new facebook page under the anxiety guy main page look for us on facebook join our community we would love to have you there and warriors we're talking about pattern interruption today pattern interruption now the best way for me to explain what pattern interruption is is basically when you're engaged or thinking about something or you're doing something or you're about to get emotionally caught up in something you do something that interrupts that cycle so it basically halts the momentum that negative momentum that's taking place moving in the direction you don't want to go so what happens here is pattern interruption forces your subconscious mind into a state where it waits for information by your conscious mind what it does is it helps you break habits and helps you to reprogram your subconscious so your subconscious becomes a messenger receiving instructions from your conscious mind now this was very valuable for me warriors because i realized hey i don't want to be spending a tremendous amount of time and energy on positive thinking which only kept me coping with my anxiety symptoms i didn't want to go down that route i wanted to use something that would allow me to open up the gates of a new perspective a new perception on how to view the thing that i was afraid of whether that be an internal symptom or an external thing maybe it was a situation or a person so that pattern interrupt gave me the opportunity to see beyond the direction that i was headed now the question is how do we implement a pattern interrupt i want you to go ahead and write down these very important points in terms of implementing the pattern interrupt so that so that you can open yourself up to feeling and thinking differently about that thing you are afraid of number one decide on a particular behavior that you would like to change okay make sure that it's an automatic something that you do without thinking about it like eating junk food or watching tv okay it's an automatic behavior something that you want to change so that's the first thing we have to bring some awareness as to what it is what behavior what action it is that we want to change secondly i want you to start observing how the pattern runs start observing just keyword observing how the pattern runs itself and at what point do you experience the urge to do that behavior how do you make a choice out of the many options you have in that moment how do you make a choice i want you to record your decision making process in detail in your journal thirdly complete a pattern interrupt completely alien to the behavior you wish to change for example when you get the urge to do the normal behavior i want you to go ahead and fold some clothes or drink some water heck why don't you go ahead and splash some water on your face this pattern interrupt is completely different than the normal pattern or this pattern interrupt has to jolt you though it has to jolt you it can't be bland it can't be bland it has to be something that you normally would not do in that moment you know one of the examples i'll give you is when robin my fiance was going through a challenging time in her life i would go ahead and tell her some naughty jokes and because i told her those naughty jokes it would completely take her out of the state that she was in and she was and she would begin laughing or smiling and then she had the opportunity to look back on the fear and she realized hey you know this is just something i'm making up it is not real so that would be a good pattern interrupt something that creates a feeling and emotion within you that moves you in a new direction now finally every time you get the urge to use the normal behavior the unhelpful engage in your new pattern interrupt you need to be relentless in time the new pattern will overtake the old so let's go over this again warriors okay we want to make sure that we get very good at pattern interrupting this coming week okay moving forward from this week of course intuitively if you feel like this is the right thing to do in the moment do it you'll see a lot of speakers out there that use pattern interrupt consistently they do it in aggressive ways they do it in emotional ways and it works behavior that you'd like to change write it down number two start observing how the pattern runs how does it begin what urges do you get what do you do before the actual behavior just go ahead and examine and write down some of those things those cookie crumbs that lead to that behavior that you want to change then complete a pattern interrupt completely alien to the behavior you wish to change go ahead and write down three things that you could do instead in that moment you know splashing yourself with water taking a cold shower uh funny and naughty jokes whatever it may be it doesn't matter but it has to take you away from the path that you are headed in and finally every time you get the urge to use the normal behavior behavior every single time and watch what starts to happen now warriors what's very important with pattern interrupt is that we come into it without expectation put the expectations aside okay this is not a miraculous cure by any means what it is supposed to be used for is to get you more aware and more present as to what's taking place because these behaviors that you want to change are unconscious you get an urge a feeling comes with it it turns into an emotion you start rationalizing how this is going to help you or it's going to add some entertainment to your life or you know the junk food or whatever it is is going to make you feel better okay you rationalize in that way and then you do it but after you do it what tends to happen you always regret it you always why did i spend so much time doing that why did i eat so much why did i spend so much time with this person whatever it so instead of going down that path we need to create something that takes us out of that path right away interrupts the pattern and moves us in a different direction i can't wait to get your feedback on pattern interrupting i want you to share it with me on facebook on facebook on our new page the anxiety guy main page and if you're enjoying this podcast please go ahead and rate it and give it a positive review it would mean so much to me warriors remember that you are more than anxiety much more and you're headed in a brand new direction so please be proud of the direction you're headed i love you from the bottom of my heart enjoy this day because you deserve it bye bye my friends thanks for being an important part of the anxiety guy podcast community if you enjoyed this please leave a positive rate and review if you're searching for further support on your road to recovery from anxiety head over to anxietyexit.com and take part in the powerful and the anxiety program based around the cbt model if you're searching for a more one-on-one approach you can sign up now for personal coaching sessions with dennis via skype remember you are more than anxiety see you in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @biancalm999 [7 likes]: Your podcasts are so amazing they were my cure 4 years ago ! I have anxiety again =(( rebound is terrible! Thanks Dennis for your great work!🙏
  2. @TheAnxietyGuy1 [6 likes]: 16 weeks to complete freedom from anxiety: https://theanxietyguy.com/inner-circle/
  3. @jaydeelatty7374 [6 likes]: My savior of anxiety thanks much...I'm more than anxiety💕💖
  4. @regina2238 [4 likes]: When my anxiousness begins my first behavior is to tune into The Anxiety Guy???
  5. @nicocacci4070 [3 likes]: This really is the key !!
  6. @marcelflo2765 [3 likes]: Thank you for this wonderful and great information Dennis ♥️
  7. @RicardoMartins89 [3 likes]: Thanks for this Dennis
  8. @deloresgillard3942 [1 likes]: Thank you  Dennis!
  9. @marylu7711 [1 likes]: What does this have to do with anxiety?
  10. @dalir5957 [1 likes]: I tried Jumping on my bed like a little kid. 👌🏻😂
  11. @sayitanywayjournal [1 likes]: Pattern interrupt will be dancing
  12. @jesseblanco2697: Anyone succeeding without meds ?

- Election stress? You need a pattern interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys this is dr nicole here and oh my gosh it's election time right and by the time i got out of bed this morning i had over unread text messages waiting for me and some are from friends updating on the election others were from robots about the election and there was a smattering of totally unrelated texts but how many texts and instant messages and tweets and articles and other social media posts have come your way in the last 24 hours a lot right and with the volatility of the news coverage alliances are divided friends are being broken up all over social media and with the politicians and all this uncertainty it's no wonder that we're feeling frazzled and completely overwhelmed and anxious and actually there's a study that was conducted by the american psychological association that said that over 54 percent of americans reported being significantly stressed out by the election which is a huge number of people and i don't know about you but my specific flavor of stress is that i go into analysis paralysis and my brain starts to try to find a semblance of control in a world where i feel completely out of control and so then i find that i start to read more and i look at the news and i scroll and i scroll and i scroll and that just makes the stress worse and so for you my loves what is your particular flavor of overwhelm stress what are signs that maybe you're getting stuck in that record groove of election anxiety and today i want to talk with you about what we can do instead of getting into a doom scroll instead of getting overwhelmed instead of getting anxious and going into your particular flavor of frustration i'm dr nicole kane and i'm an anxiety freedom warrior and i am all about helping you to find answers and solutions to get your life back and today we're going to talk about strategies for election stress and so if you're anything like me and you're finding yourself in this compulsion to just doom scroll and to just try to get as much information as possible but it's making everything worse then don't worry i have some solutions for you that you can start employing right now so the first thing is that if you're consuming content i want you to consume content mindfully and so that means to turn off your alerts turn off notifications silence big groups that you're on where people are constantly sending all of these text messages and inundating you close your twitter windows close your social media close your instagram close your facebook close everything close the news sources and then just focus on the matter at hand focus on the task at hand and then intentionally choose your resource to go and get updates at pre-allocated times this will help prevent your nervous system from going into the doom scroll where we just can't stop and we just need more and more and more of that dopamine to get more information and it will help reduce your sense of stress and overwhelm an example for me is that i just went and i did a pattern interrupt and i just walked shiva my cavapoo and we put away the phone we put all whale screens and we just went outside and we spent several minutes outside together just doing a walk and doing a lap and so for you what can you do to remove yourself from all of that social media to remove yourself from those triggers so that you're not getting stuck in that spiral and so the second thing is similar it is a pattern interrupt and so it's one thing to remove yourself from those social media and use triggers and to consume mindfully but the second thing is you have to then tell your nervous system in your mind where to go instead you have to do a pattern interrupt and so sometimes it's enough to distract ourselves with another mentally engaging activity other times if our brain stem is getting really activated and involved we have to do something that speaks to the brain stem and remember the brain stem is most responsive to things that are physically stimulating like taste or touch or smell or sight or seen right and so going outside and going on a walk i was changing the scene i was changing what i saw the air temperature was different than it was in my home i was bilaterally stimulating which is very important form of therapeutic intervention when we're overwhelmed and stressed so walking you're bilaterally stimulating your feet with every step so we have a pattern interrupt in itself that stimulates the brain stem so when you're doing a pattern interrupt think about what is reasonable that you can do throughout the day if you catch yourself wanting to go and hit that refresh and hit that reload button and check all your messages and data what can you do that will be an effective pattern interrupt that will help you get back on track with what you're choosing to mindfully do today with your time maybe it's going to the bathroom maybe it's doing a lap around your building maybe it's making a phone call or maybe it's calling a friend maybe it's smelling an essential oil or maybe it's taking a drink of a cup of tea or it's something that is stimulating your brain stem enough of a way that it will help you interrupt that cycle if your anxiety is really amplified and you're feeling incredibly frazzled we have tons of information in our video about making a panic pack and there's lots of things in there that are really good for specifically interrupting anxiety and overwhelm that's getting to the brain stem that's getting into your body and causing overwhelm and stress if you're finding that you don't know what to do with yourself you don't know what to do with your time be intentional to create something to do so last night all the election was happening was voting i decided to paint i am not a painter as you can see but it was something where i was able to use my creativity it was something that was distracting you're using your muscles you're using your senses and so i sat down with a couple of girlfriends and we did a zoom paint class and so what is something that you can do what is a pattern interrupt that you can do being creative is a great strategy another strategy is is there somebody that you can support you can volunteer you can cook someone a meal you can walk your dog you could probably hear mine is barking and so think about what you can do that will help you with the election stress fill your cup do something that brings you joy and also remember to breathe for count breathing is hugely important it will supercharge the breathing if you can breathe through your left nostril the research shows that that has a stronger impact on your autonomic nervous system it's just the nervous system that is sending you into that overwhelming fight flight response so if you want to do the breathing you can supercharge that by breathing in and out through your left nostril and then make sure that you breathe in four counts hold for four counts breathe out for and then hold for four counts so i'm gonna go grab shiva we're gonna go on another little walk she's expressing that she needs a pattern interrupt and so what can you do today to help reduce your stress what can you do today to redirect your mind because right now we don't have the answers we don't know exactly what's going to happen it's all conjecture and so we have to do things that help us feel safe to help us with our time to help us with our stress so that we can be equipped for whatever is going to happen whatever's going to come in the next chapter so this has been dr nicole i also want to refer you to the one week anxiety freedom challenge this has 14 tips with videos of beautiful booklets free and so to get the 14 day the 14 point challenge the seven day challenge is get into our free anxiety freedom warriors group we have tons of information in there and resources it's all for free and it's my way of giving back to the community and to help you to start turning the page in your anxiety freedom journey and so do your election strategies get in that group get that free booklet and access to all the videos and i will see you next time this has been dr nicole to learn more about my practice and to learn more about what we have going on here you can check out our website at drnicolecane.com all right my loves thank you so much for being here and i will see you soon bye

- 6 Thinking Patterns that Make OCD and Anxiety Worse: Kind: captions Language: en OCD is caused by a combination of factors:&nbsp; genetic and biological - so that's what's&nbsp;&nbsp; going on with our bodies, including&nbsp; inflammation, nutrition, and stress,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. - environmental - which is our experiences&nbsp; - and the psychological - so how we think. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the way you think and act determines whether&nbsp; you feed or starve your OCD. In this video&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll look at six types of thinking that feed&nbsp; OCD. They make it worse. And the reason we look&nbsp;&nbsp; at these is because when you can notice these&nbsp; thoughts and clarify that they aren't helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; and then replace believing them with something&nbsp; else, you can actively decrease OCD symptoms. Hey, real quick, if you'd like to learn more&nbsp; about managing intrusive thoughts and managing&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety around health, which was previously&nbsp; known as hypochondria or health anxiety, then&nbsp;&nbsp; please check out these two new courses I have on&nbsp; my website. They're taught by Dr. Kat Green. She's&nbsp;&nbsp; a board-certified psychologist who specializes in&nbsp; OCD and anxiety disorders, and in these courses&nbsp;&nbsp; she'll teach you a step-by-step process to&nbsp; managing those obsessive thinking patterns&nbsp;&nbsp; and intrusive thoughts. So check out the link&nbsp; in the description if you'd like to learn more.&nbsp;&nbsp; Really easy to do. Okay. Back to the video.&nbsp; Okay. So let's explore six thinking patterns&nbsp;&nbsp; that make OCD worse, and then we'll talk about&nbsp; what to do about it. The first one is inflated&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibility. So this is where you believe that&nbsp; you are responsible for preventing bad things from&nbsp;&nbsp; happening to everyone. It's epitomized by the&nbsp; nursery rhyme "Don't step on a crack or you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; break your mother's back." People with OCD may&nbsp; obsess over every little thing they do, as they&nbsp;&nbsp; feel personally responsible for preventing others&nbsp; from getting cancer, getting in an accident,&nbsp;&nbsp; losing their job, or even they feel responsible&nbsp; to prevent natural disasters from happening. The&nbsp;&nbsp; magical thinking leads to compulsions like "I have&nbsp; to pace 100 steps to prevent an earthquake from&nbsp;&nbsp; happening" or "I have to drive around the block&nbsp; 20 times to make sure that the speed bump wasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; actually a person." Now, while a person with OCD&nbsp; may logically know that doing the compulsions&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't actually prevent something, they still&nbsp; may fear that if they don't do their ritual,&nbsp;&nbsp; if something bad did happen it would be their&nbsp; fault. So they do the compulsion anyway. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's like an attempt to gain control over&nbsp; something that we can't control. It's the&nbsp;&nbsp; uncertainty of not knowing if something bad will&nbsp; happen. So for someone with OCD, that uncertainty&nbsp;&nbsp; is extra uncomfortable, and compulsions are&nbsp; an attempt to make that discomfort go away.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. Number two is believing that thinking it&nbsp; and doing it are the same thing. So this is where&nbsp;&nbsp; you believe that if you think something, it's just&nbsp; as bad as doing it. If you have a sexual thought,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's as though you acted on it. Or if you&nbsp; wish someone disappeared, it's as though&nbsp;&nbsp; you murdered them. Someone with OCD may feel&nbsp; actual guilt for a crime they didn't commit;&nbsp;&nbsp; they just thought about it. And not only did&nbsp; they not do the thought, but in general they&nbsp;&nbsp; would be horrified if they did do that. They&nbsp; didn't want to stab someone while they were&nbsp;&nbsp; cutting up veggies. They have no desire to harm a&nbsp; child. These things sound horrible. They believe&nbsp;&nbsp; that thinking this thought is as bad as actually&nbsp; acting on it. So they may engage in compulsions&nbsp;&nbsp; to make those thoughts go away. So so this might&nbsp; look like keeping busy counting or hand washing,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. And they might do these so that their mind&nbsp; doesn't have time to think about the obsession. Or&nbsp;&nbsp; they might engage in compulsive prayer to repent&nbsp; from a sin that they haven't committed. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Number three is excessive concern with controlling&nbsp; one's thoughts. So it's thinking things like, "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I shouldn't ever think this." And you'll see this&nbsp; a lot with like religious OCD, or scrupulosity,&nbsp;&nbsp; um where people think, "Oh, I should never think&nbsp; a sexual thought. I should never feel angry." And&nbsp;&nbsp; and this can be fed by religious teachings. So in&nbsp; my church we were taught that your mind is a stage&nbsp;&nbsp; and there can only ever be one thing on it at a&nbsp; time, and if something bad comes onto it you need&nbsp;&nbsp; to take it off the stage and put something else&nbsp; good onto it, like singing a hymn. Now, this might&nbsp;&nbsp; work for 90% of people, but for people with OCD,&nbsp; they worry obsessively about controlling their&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts, to the point that it actually makes&nbsp; those thoughts more likely. And that worry or the&nbsp;&nbsp; compulsions they're doing to avoid those thoughts&nbsp; may interfere with their life. So they avoid or&nbsp;&nbsp; they distract or they use compulsions or anything&nbsp; to prevent a thought from popping into their mind.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, I've learned that there are two types of&nbsp; thoughts: the type that pops up randomly - and&nbsp;&nbsp; we really can't control these, and it backfires to&nbsp; try - and then the type of thinking that we do as&nbsp;&nbsp; an action, as a behavior. And we can definitely&nbsp; influence this type of thinking. But struggling&nbsp;&nbsp; against the random pop-in thoughts or the&nbsp; intrusive thoughts definitely makes them worse.&nbsp;&nbsp; So number four is an overestimation of threat.&nbsp; This is believing that the most likely outcome&nbsp;&nbsp; of a situation is the worst possible outcome,&nbsp; is thinking, "This will end up in tragedy for&nbsp;&nbsp; sure." Now, with OCD and anxiety disorders, things&nbsp; that seem threatening are extra loud. The anxiety&nbsp;&nbsp; makes them seem more likely. They may believe,&nbsp; "Oh, if I don't buckle my seatbelt we'll get&nbsp;&nbsp; in a crash and all of my family members will&nbsp; die," or "If I don't check the stove 15 times&nbsp;&nbsp; the house will burn down." Okay. Number five&nbsp; is intolerance of uncertainty. It's thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; I need to be 100% certain. Now, while almost&nbsp; everyone dislikes that feeling of uncertainty,&nbsp;&nbsp; people with OCD struggle a lot more than the&nbsp; average person to tolerate any uncertainty.&nbsp;&nbsp; They may check for reassurance over and over.&nbsp; They might ask, "Oh, did I hurt your feelings?&nbsp;&nbsp; Are you sure I didn't hurt your feelings?" Or they&nbsp; may ask, "Oh, do you actually love me?" over and&nbsp;&nbsp; over and over. Or they might ask, "Oh, am I sure&nbsp; I locked the door?" and then they would check,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, dozens of times. These these attempts&nbsp; to avoid uncertainty can make things worse. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tthe sixth type of thinking that can make OCD&nbsp; worse is perfectionism. It's the belief, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I can't make a mistake. It would be horrible&nbsp; if I made a mistake." So this is like a form of&nbsp;&nbsp; catastrophizing. "It would be awful if I messed&nbsp; up. It would be terrible if I did something&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong. I have to make sure that I never make&nbsp; a mistake on my assignment, so I'll check it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll check it so many times that I don't&nbsp; turn it in because I'm not 100% sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; every single thing is accurate." Okay. So these&nbsp; are the six thinking patterns that make OCD or&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety worse. But it's important to know that you&nbsp; can change how you think. Or, more specifically,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can change how you relate to your thoughts.&nbsp; You can change what you pay attention to. So&nbsp;&nbsp; the first step is to notice these thoughts&nbsp; and just acknowledge that they're thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; that they aren't necessarily true or helpful;&nbsp; they're just thoughts. Now, for some people it&nbsp;&nbsp; is helpful to replace these unhelpful thoughts&nbsp; with a more rational or helpful thought. So&nbsp;&nbsp; saying something like, "I'm not responsible for&nbsp; preventing natural disasters. I need to let it go"&nbsp;&nbsp; or saying, "Oh, thoughts are just thoughts. They&nbsp; don't mean anything about me. I'll just shift&nbsp;&nbsp; my attention back to what I want to be doing&nbsp; instead." Or like with perfectionism you say&nbsp;&nbsp; something like, "Oh, I can't be perfect. I'll just&nbsp; focus on progress instead." Or a phrase like, "Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; done is better than perfect," etc. Right? And this&nbsp; is kind of a more traditional CBT, but, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; and and it works for some people. But for other&nbsp; people this type of CBT can lead to this constant&nbsp;&nbsp; internal struggle against thoughts. And the more&nbsp; you struggle with something the more attention&nbsp;&nbsp; you give it, and the more attention and energy you&nbsp; give it uh the more your brain dedicates to those&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts. Basically, it makes those thoughts&nbsp; stronger for some people. So when possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's best to work with a therapist who is trained&nbsp; in ERP, which is exposure response prevention,&nbsp;&nbsp; where you essentially learn to allow the thought&nbsp; to be there without acting on it, without buying&nbsp;&nbsp; it, without doing the compulsion. When you don't&nbsp; engage in the compulsion, it retrains your brain&nbsp;&nbsp; to be less anxious and to not buy into those&nbsp; obsessions. Now, there's another type of OCD&nbsp;&nbsp; where you don't engage in external compulsions,&nbsp; and this is called pure O, where the worry, the&nbsp;&nbsp; rumination is the compulsion. So people with pure&nbsp; O use mental compulsions to manage anxiety and&nbsp;&nbsp; obsessions. So for example, I once had a client&nbsp; who was an actor in school, and she worried about&nbsp;&nbsp; what position she'd get in the play. And she knew&nbsp; all the other actors in her troop really well,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she would compulsively assign all the different&nbsp; roles to different actors, and she would try out&nbsp;&nbsp; each situation in an attempt to gain some control&nbsp; and decrease uncertainty about auditions. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; this became a disorder because she would sometimes&nbsp; spend hours each day compulsively rearranging&nbsp;&nbsp; these roles in her head, and this interfered&nbsp; with her ability to do her homework. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; in this situation a therapist would help her&nbsp; stop compulsive worrying by recognizing these&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking patterns and shifting her attention back&nbsp; to what she needed to do, which is her homework.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I would recommend that you do ERP with&nbsp; a therapist. There are also two skills from&nbsp;&nbsp; acceptance and commitment therapy that can be&nbsp; really helpful. The first is called cognitive&nbsp;&nbsp; defusion, where you learn to notice thoughts&nbsp; without buying them, without believing them,&nbsp;&nbsp; without acting on them, without struggling against&nbsp; them. And ACT also helps people practice accepting&nbsp;&nbsp; uncertainty. And this is a skill you can learn&nbsp; is to tolerate uncomfortable emotions without&nbsp;&nbsp; needing to act on them or trying to force them&nbsp; to go away. This skill is called willingness,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've got a bunch of videos teaching both of&nbsp; these skills on my channel. So if you Google it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, therapy in a nutshell and&nbsp; cognitive distortions or willingness,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can learn more about them. Okay. Long&nbsp; story short: you really can learn to change&nbsp;&nbsp; your relationship with your thoughts so&nbsp; that they don't feed your OCD anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope you found this video helpful.&nbsp; Thank you for watching, and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ichiigo-chan [5 likes]: While I do not have a official diagnosis of anything, I'm quite sure my anxiety issues are at least a little beyond healthy levels. For OCD too, since it's a type of anxiety disorder more or less (yes it's called different now but the base is just anxiety) so I treat it the same.

Just like any anxiety problem, you get a thought/image in head that in itself is a "what if" or leads to a "what if" -> it makes you anxious as the amygdala is triggered -> you try to get rid of the feeling by doing something about it (some physical action, some mental ritual or just plain old overthinking, trying to "solve" the issue in your mind, etc.) -> this just makes it even more problematic because hlthe more you repeat this the more the brain learns that "when you get a thought, you do something about it" -> becomes a habit/behaviour over time.

Best thing to do is to let the thoughts and whatever feelings they bring just be there while observing them and reminding yourself "its just thoughts" (some people also make silly responses to thoughts like "oh anxiety i see you're being very creative today" or "yeah? What else you got?") but whatever you do, don't immediately respond to the thought/feeling and be mindful and move on with your life. So keep doing whatever you were doing prior to the thought/feeling even if you feel anxious. The point is to act as normally as possible no matter what thought/feeling you're having. Eventually the brain starts learning this new way of response.

This is just neuroplasticity and rewiring the brain in action. The best way to overcome and recover from anxiety (and it's related disorders) I believe because in the end, you're not different from anyone else. Don't get too caught up in labels or identify with them. They're only there for the professionals to distinguish for treatment/meds, not for us. Everyone or at least most people have intrusive thoughts but most also don't notice it or if they do, they don't dwell on it since they don't matter in the long run. 

We can recover from anxiety! Keep going 🍀
  2. @TherapyinaNutshell [2 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  3. @alexlindstrom555 [2 likes]: I dare say there are some ideologies and political framings that can take advantage of people with OCD.
  4. @EmelynLopez-s9m3b [1 likes]: OCD biological experience how to think in the patterns in thoughts of using post events can acquire the mind in using better thinking that bases the line  of having the primary informative in getting healthier surrounding vwhen recovering.😊
  5. @eirianrobotto [1 likes]: i'm pretty sure i've closed that sunscreen bottle. i've checked. and checked. and checked. AHHHHHHHH
  6. @torasacramento4905 [1 likes]: I have EVERY ONE of those OCD phobias - most likely cause I have pure 0 and my dance card always fills up with exciting new situations on a daily basis....
  7. @BellaSparkles-w7i: My ocd makes me think all of my friends secretly hate me and I should just leave the friend group so I don’t burden them. I’ve learned to know the difference between ocd thoughts and my own thoughts, but that doesn’t make me believe them less.
  8. @d1nonlybaby36: 1:33 3:03 3:39 4:11 5:08
  9. @RussellWorkman: Replace OCD Thoughts? I've Tried That Over And Over, And They Just Get LOUDER! [????]  I've heard many times. "Just Replace That Thought With A New One ! When You're Having A Thought ?. Does It Shut Up Mid Thought, And Back Off ? Does It Cease For Your New One ? What Am I Missing Here ???
  10. @אריאלבןציון-ק2ד: So true.. Thank you..!
  11. @Naturein_world: Speak in hindi😅
  12. @WaltWhiteman-rv9bv: genuinely do not understand why things OCD therapist say is repeated? nothing new and everything they introduce new is something I already heard long ago ..
  13. @WaltWhiteman-rv9bv: the point 5 is relatable , but the other points/? i do not know
  14. @herelearningstuff: very interesting. You're pointing out how we shouldn't judge sexual thoughts but at the word "sexual" your volume decreases, likely unintentionally . I'm not saying that's your fault. Just pointing out how things can be so deeply woven into people's beliefs that it simple manifests into their behavior. And people keep telling those of us who've been dealing with ocd for the better part of our lives to "just try to not to perform compulsion"
  15. @sami8582: I don’t know whether I am a cunning person to say this 
But I have a fear that if anybody ask me to share my coaching or class notes or text book I repeat saying NO in my mind for 1000 times
  16. @Justtryingmybest111: Is it common to have so many types of OCD? When you have multiple kinds is that more exhausting then someone with one or two types?
  17. @migalito1955: Re OCD.

To understand the condition you need:

1st: 
To use language that is more rigorous than our common language.

You need to differentiate between apparent possibility, real possibility, & imagined possibility.

2nd
We need to recognize that an apparent possibility is not necessarily a real possibility.
&
You need to recognize that we all are hardwired by nature to treat apparent possibilities the same as we treat real possibilities. 

To see this think of Sara that receives a prank call at work telling her that her son was just in a horrible car accident & is arriving at the hospital now. 

To her the apparent possibility that her son is near death sends her nearly immediately to her car in which she drives to the hospital. 

Reality is the apparent possibility that she has acted on is not a real possibility.

3rd
You need to recognize that the stronger an aversion we have towards some thing of focus the more we need in order to rule it out as being an apparent possibility.

4th
You need to recognize that a person having sharp cognitive abilities recognizes that just because we are or can be accepting as True something where acceptance is based on any amount of assumptions does not guarantee that what is or could be accepted is in fact True.

5th
If your aversion is so strong that guaranteed False is needed to rule out an apparent possibility then you have a problem in that what is needed to rule out the apparent possibility is not humanly possible.This problem is exactly what the individual with OCD is confronted with.

One way of stopping the fear that arrives from the aversion requiring guaranteed False with respect to what fear maps to is to implement a belief similar to religious-faith that claims what otherwise would be feared is not real or  possible and that nothing undoes that it's not real & not possible.

Why do I know the method works? I would not have made it thru both undergraduate school summa cum laude & graduate school in pure mathematics were it not a valid method with respect to shutting down the compulsion to rid one self of what one cannot tolerate.
  18. @Jaspreet-um1iv: "If you're struggling with OCD like I am, I highly recommend trying Planet Ayurveda's treatments. They're life-changing!"
  19. @RudyCampos-jk4vy: the speed bump one wow
  20. @saffronsworld1508: The Bible has caused my anxiety because of something Jesus said, which is that if a man looks upon a woman with lust he IS an adulterer. Kind of puts a kink in my day because the Bible also says that no adulterer will get to heaven.

- Clearing your mind - Pattern Interrupt using Anchor Sensory Technique: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to another explainer, where we take fascinating science and break it down so you can actually use it. Today, we're diving into something that plagues pretty much all of us. Overthinking. You know the drill. Lying awake at 2 a.m., your mind running a highlight reel of your most awkward moments, or just spiraling into absolute panic about a Tuesday meeting? Well, we're going to completely dismantle everything you thought you knew about finding mental peace. Okay, let's just dive right in because I want to start by throwing out literally the worst advice you've ever been given about overthinking. Don't clear your mind. Do this instead. I know it sounds totally backwards, right? We've been conditioned to think that a healthy brain equals absolute pristine silence, just a blank slate. But trying to forcefully clear your mind, that is actually the exact thing keeping you trapped in that endless loop of anxiety. Think about it for a second. Every meditation app you download, every wellness guru you see online, they all pedal this exact same message. Clear your mind, just breathe. Let the thoughts go. It sounds peaceful, but there's a massive glaring problem here. Nobody's brain actually works that way. Your brain is quite literally a thoughtgenerating machine. Chasing silence doesn't bring peace. It just creates way more noise because you are fundamentally fighting your own biology. Don't believe me? Let's do a really quick experiment right now. Wherever you are, whatever you're doing, I have one simple task for you. Try not to think about a pink elephant. Seriously, block it out. Do not picture its trunk. Do not picture those big pink ears. Go. See, you can't do it. The very second I told you to suppress it, a giant neon pink elephant probably stamped right into the front of your consciousness. It is physically impossible to just turn off a thought on command. And there's actual science behind why you completely failed to ignore that elephant. Psychologists call it ironic process theory. Basically, it's this psychological phenomenon where deliberately suppressing a thought actually makes your brain obsess over it even more. When you tell your brain, "Hey, don't think about this." A part of your brain has to constantly check in and ask, "Are we thinking about it right now?" That monitoring guarantees it stays front and center. The harder you try to stop it, the louder and more obnoxious it gets. Back in 1987, a Harvard psychologist named Daniel Wegner proved this. And he used a truly brilliant analogy. Suppressing a thought is exactly like compressing a heavy metal spring. You can push it down with all your might. You might even hold it there for a bit if you use all your energy. But that tension, it is building. And the very second your focus slips, that spring fires back twice as hard right in your face. That's literally what you're doing to yourself when you try to force a perfectly clear mind. So, if we can't clear our minds, what is actually happening when we overthink? I want to completely reframe this for you. Overthinking is not a personal flaw. You aren't broken, and you aren't weak. It's really just your brain's threat detector stuck in overdrive. Millions of years ago, the humans who survived were the ones constantly scanning the horizon for danger. Your brain is using a highly evolved survival tool. It's just operating in the wrong era. It's treating an unread email like a literal saber-tooth tiger. Once you realize your brain is just trying to protect you, you can start decoding what these uncontrolled thoughts actually mean. They aren't random torture devices. They are signals. If you're compulsively replaying a painful memory or an awkward conversation, that's often a signal of unprocessed emotion. Your brain is trying to make sense of something that stung. Or if you're spiraling about the future, that usually signals an unmet need for control or certainty right now. Your brain is desperately trying to communicate with you. So here is the crucial pivot. We have to change the question we are asking ourselves. Stop asking, "How do I stop this thought?" That's a trap leading straight back to that compressed spring. Instead, pause and ask yourself, "What is this thought trying to tell me? What do I actually need right now? Do I need a hard conversation, more sleep, some clarity?" Asking how to stop a thought will exhaust you because it's a battle you can't win. But asking what it means, man, that sets you free. And once you identify what it's doing, you can use your own biology to neutralize it. The absolute fastest way to do this, name it out loud to activate your prefrontal cortex. If you are spiraling, literally say out loud, "I'm having the thought that I am going to fail this project." Just applying language and labeling a thought shifts the electrical activity in your brain. It pulls the energy away from your amydala, that panicked emotional center, and hands control straight back to the logical, rational part of your brain. It strips the thought of its drama instantly because, and this is the ultimate secret here, the goal was never to empty your mind. The goal is to make the thought boring. When you observe a thought without reacting to it, without fighting it, it loses all its power. You just notice it like, "Oh, there's that anxious thought about the future again, right on schedule. No panic, no resistance." Our brains are thrillsekers. They latch on to high stakes emotion. If a thought isn't dramatic, it simply won't stick around. But what about those moments when it is truly intense? When labeling just isn't cutting it and you are caught in a massive mental storm? Well, here is the unexpected revelation. Don't clear your mind. Instead, flood it. If your brain is demanding to be active, if it's obsessively processing, give it exactly what it wants. You just need to redirect that mental energy and completely flood your brain's processing capacity with something totally harmless. This brings us to a highly actionable technique called the sensory anchor method. When that spiral hits, do this. Step one, pick one physical thing in the room with you right now. A coffee mug, a plant, whatever. Step two, describe its exact color. Step three, describe its texture. Step four, describe the shape and the way the shadows fall across it. Describe it in insane, exhaustive detail. Why? Because your brain physically cannot spiral into existential dread and hyperobserve a physical object at the exact same time. It just lacks the bandwidth. And the reason this is so wildly effective comes down to a specific neural network. The sensory anchor method physically hijacks what neuroscientists call your default mode network. This is the part of your brain responsible for rumination and mind wandering. When you're just passively sitting around, the default mode network is running the show. But the moment you demand intense, focused sensory observation, your brain has to switch networks. The default mode network literally powers down and you stop the overthinking spiral at a neurological level. And the absolute best part about all of this, no app required. You don't need a monthly subscription to master your own biology. You don't need a silent retreat in the mountains. You already have the hardware. You have the prefrontal cortex to label those thoughts. And you have the sensory processing power to hijack your default mode network on command. You have the power to break the pattern the second it starts. We've covered some genuinely powerful science in this explainer today, but now I want to turn it over to you. I absolutely love hearing how different minds work out there in the real world. So, what's the weirdest trick that's ever actually calmed your mind? We all have those strange little pattern interrupts that just do the trick for us. Drop it below in the comments. I'm collecting the best ones for a future explainer. Test out that sensory anchor this week and let's keep making our minds work for us instead of against us. See you next time.

- Reducing Your Body Pattern of Stress & Anxiety - Introductory Lesson - Unwinding Your Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en My name is David Zamock Buren and I'm glad to be together with you today. It's a funny phrase body pattern of anxiety. We could also call it the body pattern of stress. And I think stress and anxiety, they use a lot of the same neural pathways and we use them relatively interchangeably. Um, and it's all it's important to remember that that stress and anxiety are completely normal. It's a universal response to difficult situations, perceived threats and sustained stress over time. Um, so completely normal. and I'm I would venture a guess that we're not very different from one another. I've experienced stress and anxiety and my guess would be that you have too. Um, so I think it's important to define our terms. So what do we mean? What do we mean when we say the body pattern of stress or anxiety? So from my point of view, we mean a state in which there is a general muscular contraction, an a muscular contraction that is linked to these stress and anxiety responses. And not only is there that muscular contraction or what what a lot of people will call tension, but there's other things that happen directly linked to that muscular contraction. Our head comes forward and down. There is changes in our vision. Our breathing becomes restricted in certain very particular and common as in universal ways. Um our the movements of our back, our neck, our shoulders become restricted in very particular ways. Our abdomen becomes contracted. So these are all part of the of one gestalt. And this is a a tried andrue response to to difficult situations that are common to nearly every animal on our lovely beautiful planet. So, and this is not even to speak to the um the physiological changes that happen as in as there's changes in our heart, there's changes in our hormones. And as we um continue on with the course, the six week course that Juniper was referring to, we'll get into the weeds with this. Um, so why is a natural organic response a problem? Why is it even a why are we even concerned with it? the concern is that most of us, maybe not you, but most of us habituate to this body pattern. When the stress occurs over time, when when the stressful situation or what's provoking our anxiety is sustained over time, then we also we unconsciously we unconsciously habituate to this state of tension, contraction and restricted mobility which over time we associate with pain and the the the difficult thing is where it's really problematic is that when I habituate to this body pattern of body response we could say to stress and anxiety is that in and of itself it may it reinforces and maintains the perception, the organization on the part of our brain that that anx that that the provoking situation is still here in the present moment. Even if even if the the stimulus or the provoking situation maybe maybe I left it a year ago or two years ago, but because I developed this habitual state or organization, the the sensation inside myself is that I'm still under stress. I'm still under threat. I still am suffering with the the anxiety. And when when we adapt when we adapt to this situation, we forget what feeling better feels like. That's the other side of it. We forget what feeling better feels like. We forget how to bring ourselves into a um a state of ease and neurological harmony. We we've lost touch what easy simple breathing is. But what what how I my posture from before when my head was not pitched forward and down. So this creates a difficulty and but of course we're not to blame. This is this is an organic almost reflexive almost reflexive process. Because our it there's nothing more natural to our brain than developing a habit. We can't be constantly reinventing ourselves. We we survive as we do because we adapt to habits. So habits are also a good thing. So this is a completely non-blame situation. Now the good news, the good news is that you and I, that we all have an extraordinary brain, an extraordinary brain and nervous system. It is plastic. It is capable of change in other words and all it needs is to be reminded of that healthier, more selfnourishing, self- sustaining way. Of course, we have to understand what it is, but you can leave that to me and and and the staff. We'll we we will create the conditions in the class in which you're able to remind your brain of what it feels like to feel better. And your brain wants to figure your your your nervous system is attracted to feeling better. your brain will will will move towards well should I say it will run towards the feel feeling better. So over the six weeks of this series, you will be um we will help you to understand and to learn how how you can better organize yourself to move away from this body pattern of stress and anxiety. And you will you will get in touch with with I should say the hidden capacities that you have the hidden capacities that you have to grow to change and to learn. So, um, I guess I should say something for a moment to those who don't have any experience with the Feldon Christ method, who are new to the Felden Christ method. Um, we are we're going to lie on the floor in this particular uh exercise or lesson. We we call them lessons, but I don't mind the word exercise. But in this particular one that we do today, we will be lying on our back. I will direct you. I will guide you. But if if you have any questions at all, you are welcome to make contact as Juniper explained to you with the staff. And I would suggest that you not you don't hesitate. I mean if if Yeah. the other important thing to say and distinction to make for you before we start is though we will be moving. We're not concerned with the movement. Okay? Though we will be moving, I would like you to to pay attention to your process and not don't be concerned with making a big movement, a correct movement, even a nice movement. This is not our concern. We're concerned with creating information for your brain. And this is done most easily when you do the movement slowly and simply. It's not about exercise in the sense of repetitive movement done vigorously. It's actually just the opposite of what we're doing. And that's why we will often make the distinction between call calling it a lesson versus an exercise. because when you think of exercise, you think of of doing something quickly and repetitively. All right. So, um I'll just say a a few last words which is that with the movements and I I will repeat this uh adnauseium today to please do the movements slowly easily. I will encourage you to take rests between each movement. Not between each 10 movements or five movements, but I would like you to rest between each and every movement. And with each movement to do less sounds strange, less work, less effort. When we do the movement slowly, we are your brain. Your brain is able to pay attention to sense and feel what you're doing. And this is where the magic happens. You'll see each of you today. You'll you'll feel you'll feel a difference and the difference will be related to the way in which the lesson speaks to your brain. All right? So, um, that being said, please lie on your back. Find a comfortable place to lie on your back. You can have a rug behind yourself, some padding. If if you have difficulty lying on your back on the floor, then lie in your bed. Lie on your mattress. There will be a way to adapt what we are doing to everyone to each of you and and if you have diff if it's impossible to lie on your back you can sit in a chair and as Juniper may have mentioned Nadia Nadia Jino who should be in the top row of page one Nadia will be doing the lesson sitting in a chair. So, if you have questions, you can look at her. I just want to point out, sorry, David, I just want to point out that the people joining us on Facebook and YouTube, if you want to be able to pin, you have to join us through Zoom. Just to let everyone know, Tina will be doing the lesson lying on her back. And so that would be I would I suppose that would be the first level of solving any confusion would be to look at look at Tina or Nadia. And um but again feel welcome to reach out to our lovely lovely uh assistant staff assisting staff. All right. So, please and just take a moment to sense and feel your contact with the floor. Nothing more, nothing complicated. Theoretically, you're just resting on the floor. There's nothing to do. You don't need to rearrange yourself. You don't need to do something to lie on the floor better. But just and I will guide you in feeling yourself. And be please begin by putting your hands on your lower abdomen and just feeling the movement of your lower abdomen as you inhale and exhale. Our brain learns best when we're in a nonstressful, non anxious state. So just see if you can allow yourself for the next 45 minutes or so not simply listen to my voice and to follow the directions, but to not be concerned with accomplishing anything. to not be concerned with doing well. And now feel the contact with the floor of your right heel. Just where it touches the floor, where it doesn't touch the floor. Just sense your right foot, the direction of your toes. If you can let the floor support your right foot a little more and then slowly move your attention up your right leg. Feeling you. There's the back of your leg, there's the front of your leg, just your lower leg, there's the sides. And just feeling where you're touching the floor, where you're not touching the floor. That's right. And and the back of your knee. There's a little space there, isn't there? A little gap between the back of your knee and the And then slowly move your just you're just using your attention. In other words, your kin your ability to kinesthetically feel yourself. And now your right thigh, the back of your leg again, the sides, the front. And then you come to the right side of your pelvis and feel the contact with the floor of the right side of your pelvis. And now do the same thing from your left foot. Feeling again your left heel, the sole of your foot, the top of your foot, Would you say that if you were to draw a line from your left big toe outward that it goes at the very same angle as your right big toe or is it different? And now slowly move your attention up from your left foot, your left calf, your lower leg. Just using your attention. We're not trying to change anything. Quite the contrary. the back of your left knee upper leg on the left side. That's right. Just feeling maybe where you can reduce the internal muscular effort a little bit. Many of us hold ourselves tightly even though we are completely supported by the floor or our bed or the chair. And now the left side of your pelvis, the back of your pelvis. And notice something interesting. One side of your pelvis is more in contact with the floor than the other side. One side of your pelvis maybe feels a little lifted away from the floor, but please don't change anything. Don't correct And now there's your lower back. And you can feel how parts of your lower back maybe are close to the floor. Other parts are a little bit away from the floor. There's a natural curve in our spine there in the lower back. And even though many of you have been taught that your lower back should be touching the floor or touching the wall when you stand against the wall, it's a com it's an idea based on complete ignorance. There's a natural arch there in the lumbar spine. That is a healthy thing, a good thing. And now move your attention up your spine. Just feeling where your spine is touching the floor and where it's not. That's all. Just observing, sensing yourself. You'll see that that sensing and feeling yourself is a direct pathway to the intelligence of your brain. And you can feel in the middle of your back, your spine touches the floor very clearly. And then as you go further up your spine, maybe even to the the base of your neck, behind your neck, you can feel there there's another curve. There's another place where your spine is not touching the That's right. Good. And the back of your head. And then there's your right shoulder blade. Feel how your right shoulder blade lies on the floor and your left shoulder blade. And just like when we paid attention to how our pelvis was lying on the floor, you can feel that one shoulder blade is lying more easily, more in contact with the floor. You feel that one shoulder blade feels maybe wider or narrower or maybe one shoulder blade feels higher more towards your ear than the other shoulder. You're just observing now. You're not trying to do anything to to fix That's right. Good. Good. And now just put all of these these lines that we've been feeling, the line from your right heel to your right side of your pelvis, from your left heel to the left side of your pelvis. And then there was the line of your spine and the back of your head and your shoulders and your arms. And just observe yourself and these kind of primary lines of the ways that we identify our body so easily, so comfortably. We know these lines from the time of our infancy. Good. And now now I'd like you to put your put your right hand behind your head. Put your right hand behind your head and allowing your head to be heavy and your your neck to be relaxed. Use your right hand to just lift your head the tiniest bit from the floor. That's all. You can let your right elbow come towards your face. That's right. And now slowly imagine you want to see your right foot. Not that you need to see your right foot, but lifting your head, your you're thinking of your eyes going toward your right foot. That's right. And now you rest between each movement completely. Completely. see if you can exhale as you lift your head that little bit. See if you can let the air go out of your lungs. That's it. Slowly. Good. And now a few times stick out your tongue as you look towards your right foot. You only need to lift your head a a millimeter. If you can't put your hand behind your head, you can just make the gesture of lifting your head. You organize yourself as if, but you use your right hand behind your head so that your right hand, your right arm's doing the work of lifting. That's right. We want to make this as easy as possible. And stick out your tongue toward your right foot. That's it. Good. Good. Now bring your right arm back to the floor to lying alongside you. And now slowly slowly just flex your right foot. That means you bring the toes of your right foot toward your shin, towards your lower leg. So you just make a small movement of bending your right ankle, bringing your toes toward your head. That's right. And then you let go and you rest for a moment. And see if again you can as you flex your right foot, you can exhale. That's right. Why do we exhale? There's so many reasons, but the primary reason is that when we exhale, our chest becomes soft. And now imagine when your foot flexes like that, think that you're looking at your foot with your left eye. So you direct your left eye toward your right foot each time that you flex your foot. And you can extend your foot also a little bit so that you feel you're flexing and extending your right foot. And then you rest. Then you rest. But now here is the most important thing actually maybe the most important thing that I will say in this our hour together which is feel where you can do less feel where you can reduce the effort. That's right. Maybe you make the movement smaller. Maybe you make the movement slower. You make the flexing and extending of the foot as if you're not trying. You're not doing something important. You're not needing to accomplish or achieve anything. Good. And now put your right hand behind your head and just slowly, very slowly, lift your head again as if to see your right foot and just observe if something feels a little easier. That's right. Just slowly you let your right elbow come toward your face. And now think of looking at your foot with your left eye. And that each time you lift your head and of course rest between each movement, but each time you lift your head, you look at a different toe with your left eye. First your big toe. And then your second toe. Not that you see your toe. Not that you see your toe. That's right. It's unimportant, inconsequential whether you see the toe. It's that you organize yourself through your left eye to see a different toe each time you lift your head. And now flex your left foot as you do that. Your sorry, your right foot as you do that. You flex your right foot. That's right. And now notice, is there something about flexing your right foot at the same time as you lift that makes lifting your head a little easier? Mhm. And now stick out your tongue as if your tongue could go all the way down to your right foot. Good. And please, please bring your right arm down. Rest for a moment. And now observe observe your contact with the floor. Yes. Is there something different about the way the right side of your lower back is lying on the floor compared to the left side and your right shoulder compared to the left? Very good. Now, please put your left hand behind your head. That's right. now, just a minute. Wait, wait. I have something to ask you to see if you can just lift your head the little bit that feels to you light and smooth and even pleasurable. You just lift your head that little bit and you say, "Okay, this is this is what's easy." Now it may be it may be a millimeter and exhale as you do that. Good. Now what did we do next? Next, we stuck out our tongue toward our left foot. That's right. Just slowly. You know that your tongue occupies an enormous amount of room in your brain. And you find that taking your tongue toward your left foot changes the organization of your neck, the ease of movement in your neck. All right, rest for a moment. Bring your left arm down. And now, and now slowly begin to flex and extend your left foot. Just what's easy. You make it a very small movement. You flex and extend your left foot. And then and then you relax. And you just rest for a moment. And observe when you flex your left foot, does something change in your lower back? Your lower back on the left side. In other words, that movement of flexing and extending your left foot is not just a movement of your foot, but in fact, in fact, you can follow it all the way up your left leg. and paradoxically, the more you reduce the effort, the less work you do, the more you'll be able to feel how that movement goes up your left leg. Very good. And now put your left hand behind your head. And of course, again, your your left hand is helping to lift your head, not your neck. You let your head be heavy. And feel if just from just from those few movements of your left foot that we did, is there something a little lighter about lifting your head? you feel as you exhale. That's right. And now think think your right eye is looking down towards your left foot. Can you lift your head in such a way? Just a small movement doing less each time. But can you lift your head in such a way that you allow your lower back to go closer to the floor? And you allow your chest to be soft. Of course, your chest gets a little flatter, doesn't it? All right, rest for a moment. And just observe has something changed already in the way the left side of your lower back is lying on the floor. Please put your left hand behind your head again. And now doing a very small gentle movement. Slowly go ahead and lift your head and flex your foot at the same time. In other words, you put those two movements together and think of your right eye looking down at one toe and then another toe. That's right. Each time feeling where you can do less, where you can reduce the effort. Doing doing a Felden Christ lesson is not a replacement nor meant as a replacement for aerobic type exercise. That's it. Slowly. Very nice. Did you look at your little toe through your right eye? Good. And please rest again and just observe your contact with the floor of your spine, your lower back, your shoulder blades, and the movement of your lower abdomen as you inhale It's the attending to ourselves, the paying attention to ourselves that creates the sensory information for our brain. And the change, the learning happens completely with with without your intervention, without you having to consciously say, "Oh, I'm going to do this better and I'm going to do it more correctly." Those things in fact interfere with our learning and our ability to change. It's it's a paradox. Now this time put your left hand behind your head and slowly just make a very small movement of lifting your head as and looking with your left eye towards your right foot. That's right. So, in other words, it's a more diagonal movement than what we've done. And see if each time you lift your head, you can feel a different point in your spine that goes back towards the floor. Some vertebrae lift away from the floor. Those of your upper back, your neck, but other vertebrae are going closer to the floor spontaneously. Not because you do anything. Just all you need to do is do less, less work, less effort. That's right. And now flex your right foot as you do that. Flex your right foot as you look with your left eye. That's right. Beautiful. Okay. Please rest. And as we said earlier, your brain your brain is attracted That's quite an extraordinary thing. And uh if I can say it like this metaphorically, the language of our brain is this sensory information. information is derived from you sensing and feeling yourself. You don't need to try to improve the movement or change it. All right. Please put your right hand That's right. And now slowly, very slowly, you lift your head a little bit. Bring your right arm, allow your right elbow to come closer to your face. And you lift your head. And now look towards your left foot with your right eye. Just what's easy. Exhaling as you do that. Feeling how part of your spine goes backwards and part of your spine goes forward away from the floor. And you'll see a a a funny sort of thing, which is that the flexing of your foot actually makes your head feel a little lighter. It's a funny thing. In other words, the movement of the ankle, the movement of your left foot is synergistic with your neck and looking down. Good. Please rest. Is your back lying closer, more intimately with the floor? And observe the movement of your lower abdomen. Now, this time I'd like you to do is as you flex your right foot, just as we've been doing, see if you can allow your knee to come away from the floor and bend a little. And then you straighten your right leg and you rest. And then you do that again. You you flex your right foot and it's as if there's a there's a strap behind your a a strap behind your right knee and it's attached to a pulley. And that strap from behind lifts your right knee a little bit toward the ceiling. And then in other words, not out to the side, but towards the ceiling. That's right. And then you let your legs straighten and you rest for a moment. And each time you do that, you see where you can make it a little lighter, a little easier. Can you allow your lower back to go toward the floor as your knee bends? Of course, your knee is coming a little bit towards your chest, isn't it? Now interlace your fingers and put your hands be both hands behind your head if you can only if you can comfortably. And now slowly as you do that same movement with your right leg, allowing your knee to go toward the ceiling as you flex your foot. Go ahead and lift your head and look look at your knee as it come your knee is coming toward you. That's right. And then when your right leg straightens, you bring your arms back to the floor. your head and arms. Just slowly each time feeling maybe you can reduce the effort in your face, in your jaw, in your chest, in your stomach. As we said earlier, this body pattern of of stress or anxiety, the contraction is general. The unnecessary contraction is general. So you feel where you can let go of that unnecessary contraction in your maybe in your arms, maybe in your neck. Good. Rest for a moment. Bring your arms Just observe if something's changed in the right side of your lower back. All right. Again, interlace your fingers and bring them behind your head. And now slowly be without lifting your head a few times, just flex your left foot and bring your left knee a little bit toward the ceiling. as if the the bending of your left knee and the flexing of your left foot are happening together simultaneously. As if there's something about flexing your foot that makes it easier or facilitates bending your left knee toward the ceiling. But only do what's easy. Only do what is simple for you, not for somebody else, just for you. And now slowly lift your head as if you want to look at your knee. As your knee comes towards you, you bring your head towards your knee. means one side of your chest goes closer to the floor than the other. Of course, because you're turning your head a little bit to the left, aren't you? Which makes it easier to see your left knee with your right eye? You feel that? And that's why exhaling is easier because you want to allow your chest to be soft and get flat. Very good. All right, let's rest again. You would be surprised to understand how extraordinarily important the resting is. In some ways, the resting is as important or even more important than the movements themselves. It's during the rest that your brain makes new connections. Notice if that movement of your lower is a little more pronounced or freer. Good. Now, please interlace your fingers in what we might call the nonhabitual way. If you put your hands in front of yourself and in in front of your face and interlace your fingers, you can see that one finger, one forefinger is on top of the other. See if you can take your hands apart and interlace them so that the other forefinger is on top. And we'll call that the non-habitual way of interlacing your fingers. And and now bring your hands behind your head. And slowly a few times alternate lifting your head and looking towards your right knee as your right knee goes toward the ceiling. And then take your head back to the floor. And slowly slowly slowly lift your head as and look towards your left knee as you bend your left knee and flex your left foot. That's right. Just what's easy. Feeling where you can reduce the effort, where you can do less. That's right. Relax your face, your eyes. What happens if when you bend your right knee, you lift your head and look towards your left leg? What happens? Is that easier if you look towards the leg that's straight? What happens to lifting your head? What happens to the effort in your neck? You see, it's completely different. In other words, the bending of your knee is also synergistic with your the muscles of your neck, the lifting of your head. It's very interesting, isn't it? Good. And please rest again. And just observe yourself. Observe the contact of your lower back with the floor. Your spine is something different. different from when we started. please bend your knees and stand your feet. That's right. And bring your right knee towards yourself. And with your right hand, Take your right knee. That's right. And that's right. Just below the top of your knee. And and just slowly now move your right knee to the right. And then back. Move your right knee to the right. Slowly, slowly. Take your time. Feel where you can relax your abdomen, your jaw, your throat. Exhaling as you do that. That's nice. Now, when you move your right knee to the right, what happens to the back of your head on the floor? You feel your left knee, your left foot is standing. Just what's easy. Just move your right knee to the right. And now feel does the movement of your right leg become a little lighter if you allow your head and eyes to turn to the right. with the movement of your knee. As if that's right, as if your head and eyes are turning exactly the same number of degrees to the right as your right knee. That's nice. Does that make a difference? In other words, when your head and eyes move congruently with the right knee, the right leg becomes lighter, more relaxed. Feel what happens if you turn your head and eyes to the left. That's right. Is that different? Do you feel a difference? You're just moving your your right hand is on your right knee and you're just moving that right knee to the right and back. And now let your head and eyes turn to the right again. Good. And please stop. Put your right foot on the floor and just observe the feeling of the right side of your lower back compared to the left. Your right shoulder, the right side of your face compared to the left. Bring your left knee towards your chest. Put your left hand in front of your left knee. That's right. Good. And just slowly slowly move your left knee to the left. That's right. As you exhale, as you feel where you can do less, of course, the movement itself is is unimportant. What's important is you feel how you can make this moment easier, this moment simpler, this moment absent of the compulsions with which you approach so many things with the sense that I don't know you you're less than good, inferior or I need to work harder. You know, we all have those voices. That's right. And relax your left arm. And now let your let your head and eyes turn to the left with your left knee. Exhaling, of course. Can you feel that as you do that? That's Your the left side of your chest is turning toward the floor, isn't it? You want to bend your right knee. Your right foot is standing. Your right foot is standing. All right, please stop. Please rest. Again, just observe the contact with the floor of your lower back, your spine. Bring your left knee towards your chest and take your left knee with your left hand. Bring your right knee towards your chest and take your right knee with your right hand. That's it. Just relax. Mean relaxed would mean that your your elbows are probably bent a little bit. That's And now slowly slowly take your right knee to the floor a little bit. And then come back. That's right. To the middle. And then again to the right. And you keep doing just what's easy, allowing your head and eyes to follow the movement of your right knee. That's nice. And now do the same thing to the left. Only go to the left. And let your head and eyes go to the left. That's it. Don't do anything that gives you the slightest bit of discomfort. We want to avoid discomfort. We said your brain is attracted to feeling better. So in order to bring your brain forward for your brain to come toward your experience, that's it. You keep feeling where you can do less work. And now of course go to the once to the right and once to the left, once to the right, and once to the left. That's it. And let your head and eyes go. Follow. Good. And then some of you are beginning to feel that you end up lying on your side. So go ahead and go all the way to the left. That's right. Go all the way to the left and lie on your left side. That's it. And then lift your right knee and take your right knee to the right. and lie on your right side. That's it. And when you lie on your side, just let yourself rest completely. That's right. And relax your arms, your throat, Now think of what we did earlier. Can you let your left eye lead the movement to the right? And can you let your right eye lead the movement to the left? It's a very interesting idea. And now let your knee lead. So let your right knee lead as you go to the right. And then let your left knee lead as you go to the left. And now let your head do the leading. So you initiate the movement from your the turning of your head. All right. Please stop and please slowly stretch out your legs. Bring your arms down along your side. Again, please turn your attention towards the contact of your back with the floor, your spine Is something different than when we started? what I'd like you to do is to very slowly roll to your side and then come up to sitting and up a standing and and I'd like to talk to you for a moment as you stand. So, you take your time. In other words, don't don't go right away to find your phone, but just stand as you are. you could think of almost everything we did in the lesson today as compressing ourselves, making ourselves a little folding ourselves, bringing bringing our legs toward our chest, bringing our head towards our legs in different ways. What I'd like you to feel is do you feel shorter or do you feel taller? Just again, don't do anything. See if you can just observe where your head comes to naturally. Is the top of your head closer to the ceiling? Does the front of your chest feel wider or narrower? We said we said that part of the body pattern or body response to anxiety or stress is for our head to be pulled forward and for our chest to become constricted. Do you feel as if somehow your chin is a little further away from your throat than before we started? Do you feel as if maybe the back of your head is a little more back? Does your chest and front feel wider And please walk around now and just observe the feeling in your hip joints, your legs. Observe your breathing, your shoulders. Is it possible that your shoulders are a little further away from your ears than when we started? So, it's been a pleasure to be with you and to sense your your engagement, your attention. And as Juniper said, you are welcome to to send in questions and we are happy to to answer them and we'll we'll see you at the uh the first classes next Thursday. We'll meet for six Thursdays and we will continue to kind of each lesson will be different and concern itself with a different aspect of what we're what we call the body pattern of stress or anxiety and we'll look at it from many different directions. So thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @susandavis4553 [3 likes]: David,
Once again thank you for an excellent class.  I take many of your classes.  I also take them more than once.  I find help for my  stroke, feet, frozen ankles and swollen neck in this class.  Opening and closing the jaw helped me to get up out of a chair without strain.  Everything flowed through my ankles, my hips, my neck and I lifted my self off a chair with relaxing my jaw.  I am a chair student.  Thank you Susan Davis, Vancouver, Washington .
  2. @earthcallingfi [3 likes]: Such profound gentleness, thank you David x
  3. @eugeneano285 [2 likes]: Long presentation, starts at 25', and most at 29:50 - "feel where you can do less, feel where you can reduce effort"
  4. @victorinehuang6050 [1 likes]: omg this is amazing, thank you so much for this session! I have done so many years of yoga never had I felt so expansive in my upper body. Also I have tried a few free feldenkrasis resources  yours is always the best
  5. @junecaine2500 [1 likes]: Thank you very much
I have the Feldenkrais 10  basic lessons which I am working through as I am.unable to afford lessons and I am aware of the remarkable benefits of these lessons
So lovely not to have to keep looking at the book for the next instructions .
I really felt the benefit of your video/ instructions
Thank you very much
  6. @700kida5 [1 likes]: @29:40
  7. @МаринаСтруганова-н7д [1 likes]: Я счастлива что познакомилась с вами и с вашей системой
  8. @peterkew6664 [1 likes]: Tq Mr David!
  9. @МаринаСтруганова-н7д [1 likes]: Я уже писала что эти упражнения удивительные волшебная..... Но сознание не хочет слушаться и всё время отключается приходится возвращаться. начинаешь думать о чём-то своём. не связанном с телом Но если его удаётся вернуть то происходит чудеса
  10. @МаринаСтруганова-м4л [1 likes]: А я записала ваше занятие в волшебные уроки по здоровью .но к сожалению Не всегда я могу понять что куда по.вернуть иногда нужно смотреть на Какие то картинки .но все равно здорово все здорово
  11. @frenykhory5158 [1 likes]: David, it's a pleasure having done lessons with you. Feeling really relaxed than what we started. I am grateful to have such a wonderful teacher on the planet who can truly release pain. Thanks a ton, David.
  12. @carolina_faria_voz [1 likes]: Thank you very much!
  13. @Kingtrader1199: Fantastic. Feldenkreis is something I stumbled on which genuinely is incredible and thankfully nobody believes me when I tell them
How good it is, giving me an advantage is tennis, judo, running, boxing.
  14. @sisi3785: Thank you 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼❤
  15. @junecan6051: Fantastic results. Much gratitude
  16. @Mahtab1990: Thank you so much 💓
  17. @rahlfchristine2295: Always a pleasure to follow your wonderful lessons as I am also a FK "teacher" in Paris and you bring so much harmony and wisdom to it (" embodied wisdom") The HOW is so important ,thanks so much to learn with and through you Greeting from France
  18. @willsadlier9509: I love your work
  19. @sisi3785: 🌟🌟🌟✨💯
  20. @carolmozzone8287: What lesson is best for neuropathy  seem very difficult to lay still during some lesson .?

- Pattern Interrupt (Sales Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en if you only had five minutes and you said mona i need to learn the best sales strategy that you have this is what i would tell you the best sales strategy you could possibly do that would make you dramatically different than all other sales people is to use the pattern interrupt technique in this video i'm going to show you exactly what that is why it's important and how you can actually use it my name is mona and if you haven't subscribed to my channel go ahead and do that now so you don't miss the next video if you like to learn about sales business psychology and life okay so for the best sales strategy in my opinion the pattern interrupt technique is the most effective technique you can use that will dramatically set you apart from all other sales people and from most of your competition and if you are at the top of your sales leader board or if you generally tend to excel in sales you're probably already using this and you may just not have known what the name was before so what is the pattern interrupt essentially what it is is a technique that grabs the customer's attention it's that simple it is something that interrupts the normal thought process of the customer and grabs their attention and in sales right now most people do what most other people do so what you want to do as a best salesperson is do anything that's different than the majority and this is one of the best techniques you could possibly be using to do that in other words this is actually something that will make the computer twitch so what i mean by that if you've seen the movie passengers just comment below is one of my favorite movies i get made fun of for it by the way i watch it so much but in the movie the passengers there's a part where the guy who's the only person that's awake on the aircraft so he goes up to the bartender and he asks him a question that the bartender or the robot cannot compute because it's um it's not a direct yes or no question it requires some let's say let's say some illogical or some out of the box thinking and a computer can't do that a computer is very straightforward one two three four five two plus two equals four so when the guy asked the robot this question he literally the robot literally did this and that's a computer twitching so that's what i want you to think of in terms of the pattern interrupt that's what i want the customer or the client on the other end of the phone that's what i want their brain to do when you use this technique another way i can explain it to you is if the client that you're calling they're in the middle of doing something anything let's say they're they're typing an email okay so i'm the client you call me and i'm in the middle of typing an email i answer the phone and you start talking if i continue typing this email while you're talking to me then you failed you failed it's that simple because if you do this technique correctly this is what i should do as the customer so i'm typing the email you call me i answer the phone and what you said is so interesting different familiar or funny i'll get to that in a minute that it makes me do this i stop typing the email and i start focusing on you this is what you want so why is this technique so important the first reason is because it grabs the customer's attention and you need that as a good sales person or as a great sales person that's the first step in any sales process getting the customer's attention because if you cannot get the customer's attention then it really doesn't matter how good you are anything else because you're going to lose them from the beginning so number one get the customer's attention the second thing that this is really useful for is keeping the customer on the phone longer or just extending the conversation whether it's on the phone or face to face and the third reason that this is so important is because once you can get the customer's attention and extend that conversation by default your chances of closing the sale are going to increase so now let me give you some ideas of how you can actually execute this specific sales strategy to use the pattern interrupt technique you want to keep in mind these few factors what you're going to say it should either be funny and if you're not sure why funny is so important or how to do it you can watch this video right here or if you don't want to be funny you can be familiar or very simply unexpected but overall what you want to be is different this is the key whether it's being funny or familiar or unexpected overall you're just being different and different is the winning element now a lot of sales people will say well i don't want to be unprofessional i'm not saying be unprofessional i'm saying be funny familiar or unexpected while keeping that level of professionalism of course at all times so it also really depends on your industry your country where do you live the personality that's on the other side of the phone you have to take into consideration all of these factors but at the same time be different so let me give you some examples if you want to be familiar the way you can do that is instead of saying hi this is mona i'm calling with abc how are you today because that's boring you can call and you can say hi leila because layla when she answers that call and she hears that that's going to make her think do i know her that's what i mean by familiar if you can be familiar in that sense right away you're going to get that and then once you have their attention that's when you continue on with that conversation another example what's something very typical that most salespeople say at the beginning of the call how are you today right so after you introduce yourself you can say how are you today and i'm not saying it's bad to ask how are you i will do that from time to time but if we're talking about pattern interrupts what's something better you can be asking you can literally say did i catch you before lunch is that a weird question yeah it's kind of weird how often do you hear that not that often but that's why it works because that will make the customer stop typing the email did you catch me before lunch who who am i talking to somebody different that's who you're talking to so that would sound like this hi bob uh yeah this is bob bob this is mona with abc did i catch you before lunch um yeah yeah you did actually oh okay good well then i'll keep this short i'm calling because but right there i've got his attention because i said something that was totally different i asked him about lunch it was very direct into the point and now he's listening to what i'm saying so i better be good the rest of the call as well but i'm showing you ways to get their attention at the beginning i'll give you one more example and this is a really fun one you have to be careful who you use this with because with the wrong personality they will hang up so you can call and say hi is this bob bob says yeah and you say hi well this is mona just to let you know this is a sales call so do you want to hang up or should i now some people are going to hang up but most people are going to laugh and if they laugh you're off to a great start and again if you don't know why watch this video [Music] try out a few of these techniques come up with your own pattern interrupts as well these were just a few that you can use in the beginning of the call but the options are endless just make sure you're either being familiar funny or unexpected in some way and you're saying things that really just make you different and make the computer stop from a customer's mind perspective if you like this video give it a thumbs up and let me know how the patterns interrupt worked for you if you only had one sale strategy you could ever use make it this one and drop a comment below let me know what pattern interrupt you came up with and maybe i'll steal it from you see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @smokinjoevp [6 likes]: I use pattern interrupts that have made me very successful in sales and I train my people on how to use pattern interrupts in their pitches! Here are some I used that I made up:
1. Hi, is this ( Name)? Well you will never guess who this is in a million years!
2. Congratulations you're a winner !- Of what?-  a free evaluation for (whatever your free offer is)
3. Happy Birthday! - it's not my Birthday-Well it always cheers me up when someone wishes me a Happy Birthday!
4. Hi is this (Name)? Well I have to tell you up from that I have very bad breath, that's why I called you today!
5. Hi is this(name)? You know I was walking past your house and my shoe fell off! and I happened to look at your house, you know you have a great place for (product or service you are offerin)
6. Hi is this(name)? well my name is (name) with (company) I guess this is where you hang up on me now, right?
7. Hi is this(name) Well I already know you're not interested , but is it ok to take a second, tell you why I called, and you decide whether or not we keep talking?

I have used all of these at one time or another and they all work!!
  2. @ItsMineviews [3 likes]: Being different is the winning element.
  3. @gurvzsingh5353 [2 likes]: •	Thanks for taking my call, do you have a couple of minutes?
•	I know you weren’t expecting my call. Do you have 27 seconds to…
•	Calling to introduce myself, and see if what we do might be useful to you in the future. How’s my timing? 
•	I was really hoping to speak with you briefly. Do you have two minutes?
•	I’m the guy who sent you, (reference email, direct mail, piece). 
•	I’m calling to sell you something.
•	Did I catch you at a bad time?
•	You and I haven’t spoken before, but the reason for my calls is….
  4. @gregstewart9741 [1 likes]: I didn't catch you in the middle of brain surgery did I? Lol
  5. @JustinDart1982 [1 likes]: Good info, but please stop zooming in and making cuts. It’s starting to ignore me and it’s just been under 2min of your super video. Thanks
  6. @christianaekele145 [1 likes]: Wow.....Muna this is eye opening...
I'm glad I stumbled over this video.
I'll implement this in closing immediately .
Thank you
  7. @smokinjoevp [1 likes]: Here is another:
Hi is this(name)? Well my name is (name) with (company) I guess this is where we have a contest to see who can hang up the fastest!
  8. @akeemiswise6557 [1 likes]: She don't know squat
  9. @MindTrigger [1 likes]: i use pattern interrupt in hypnosis ,
  10. @karlnjiomo [1 likes]: Hey Muna, how will you adapt this techniques to grab attention in YouTube videos??
  11. @iltertolgadogan [1 likes]: It may look selfish but I'd like this to be the only comment under this great 10min entertainment (as no sales person I am). So I'd have the spotlights on myself.
  12. @hannahd2031: This video is so helpful thank you!!
  13. @BAAEvent: Best explanation thanks
  14. @shashi-k9: ❤
  15. @voltampscircuits: Hey Muna, the beginning statement of your video was a great pattern interrupt!
  16. @fightbacktohealth9625: Muna... thank you
  17. @Falakinayat-p2s: I am in depression because of my English now I am in Dubai and looking for job since 5 month. What should I do
  18. @edonismeve: Thanks from Italy... But how can i use it on the phone selling of internet promotions? What could i say to open the phone call using this technique?

- The Pattern Interrupt Technique That Changed YouTube Forever #mrbeast @mrbeast: Kind: captions Language: en You didn't plan to click this video. You didn't even care about the challenge. And yet 10 minutes disappeared. That isn't luck. That isn't coincidence. That is engineered attention. Today, we're breaking down why Mr. Beast's videos feel almost impossible to stop watching and how psychology, [music] editing, and storytelling work together to keep millions of people hooked until the very end. Why Mr. [music] Beast videos are impossible to stop watching. This is not an accident. Most creators start by explaining the idea. Mr. Beast [music] starts by selling the ending. In the first few seconds, you always know what's at stake, what could go wrong, why the outcome matters. Last to leave wins $500,000. If you blink, you lose. The title, thumbnail, and opening line all point to the same question. How does this end? Your brain [music] doesn't click play. It opens a loop it feels compelled to close. Throughout the [music] video, Mr. Beast keeps asking your brain questions, sometimes without words. Who's winning? Who's about to quit? What twist is coming next? The moment one question is answered, another one replaces it. This technique [music] aligns with a wellocumented psychological principle known as the zygarnic effect. [music] We feel mental tension around unfinished tasks and stories. Mr. Beast designs his videos [music] to stay unfinished until the final moments. Mr. Beast rarely lets the pacing [music] slow down for long. When it does, it's usually near emotional payoffs or endings. Most of the time, something new happens on screen every [music] few seconds. a cut, a zoom, text, B-roll, [music] a sound effect, or a music change. There's [music] no filler, no empty space. Every visual [music] choice exists to prevent boredom before it starts. No dead [music] seconds forward motion. Only the editing doesn't just feel fast. It's designed to outpace your urge to leave. rapid cuts, zooms on emotion, sound effects before or during key actions, music that starts immediately instead of slowly building. Your brain is stimulated before it asks, "Should I keep [music] watching?" This isn't accidental editing. It's retention first design. Editing equals attention control speed prevents drop off. Despite the scale, the storytelling is simple. Most Mr. Beast videos [music] follow the same structure. A simple idea, clear stakes, escalating tension, unexpected twists, a satisfying payoff, ticking clocks, rivalry, rising rewards, all designed to keep the tension climbing. You're not just watching the story unfold. You're mentally [music] participating in it. Simple idea, clear stakes, escalation, twist, payoff. [music] This is why the experience feels addictive. Unfinished loops [music] create mental tension. Completion creates relief. Mr. Beast opens loops early [music] and delays closure until the very end. Finishing the video becomes psychologically rewarding. [music] Not because of the prize, but because your brain wants resolution. Unfinished equals [music] tension. Completion equals relief. You don't need massive budgets or extreme challenges. What you need is clear stakes, [music] intentional pacing, continuous curiosity, a promised payoff. Stop overexplaining. Start designing attention. [music] That's the real lesson. Explain less and design more. [music] Mr. Beast doesn't just make videos. He understands the attention economy and builds content that works [music] with the brain, not against it. Once you see it, you'll never watch videos the [music] same way again. Welcome to Mind Shift Studios, where we break down stories, psychology, [music] and ideas that quietly shape the way you think. Mind Shift Studios. Redesign how you see content. [music] Like, share, subscribe, and comment for more content like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MindShiftStudios-f1i [1 likes]: MrBeast doesn’t win because of luck or money.
He wins because he understands attention better than anyone 🧠

👉 What do you think matters more for retention?
HOOKS 🔥 or EDITING ✂
Comment below 👇

- I Analyzed 100 Viral Videos Here Is The Pattern: Kind: captions Language: en I analyzed 100 viral videos this weekend. My eyes are paining me, but I found the pattern. Every single viral post uses one of five hooks. Not 10, not 20, just five. Question, curiosity, conflict, result first, pattern break. These five hooks run the internet. I'm testing each one this week. Follow [music] mears.edu. Let's find out which one works best.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shekinahumoh: Wow😂.. thank you
  2. @DailyElevateYTC: Hahahaha 🤣🤣🤣 thanks for sharing ❤
  3. @adamamonica9071: Thank you for sharing this helpful tips
  4. @em2zigaconcepts: Looking out for more. ❤❤
  5. @kylforsmi: Would love to hear more details about the hooks 🙏

- Pattern Interrupts on video: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i hello and welcome to episode 321 of the video show this is a show where i answer your questions about video talk about video for business in general and answer loads of different people's questions so it can be about a particular piece of equipment it can be about how to use video and how to get more views that that kind of stuff it really could be any sort of question about video that you've got for business so whether you're using video already um or if you haven't started yet if you just started this is the show to watch so um each week we go live on facebook linkedin and youtube so a broad range of different platforms so feel free to subscribe across those um and if you've got any questions for future episodes of the show throughout this episode post it in the comments below if you've got any questions as the show goes on feel free to post them as well and as always don't forget to subscribe so you never miss out on a future episode cool so now that's out of the way what are we talking about today i hear you ask so today we're going to be talking about pattern interrupts so firstly let's look at what a patent interrupt is and what i did i went onto a website called google and i just googled what is a pan interrupt so this is what i found a pattern interrupt is a technique or um a technique to change a particular thought behavior or situation behavioral psychology and neuro-linguistic programming so nlp uses this technique to interrupt and change the thought patterns and behaviors so really it's a way of getting people to stop and watch your content so but how is this sort of used in like regular everyday life so everyone knows who devon brown is he uses it all the time this is a video from uh what tricks of the mind was like 2005 i think maybe even before that but we're going to cut over to that video now to show you how he uses nlp to interrupt people's patterns and then we're going to come back do you know which way the the actual pleasure beach is the fun fact the prize will be i'm not really from rowley i think if you're here if you've got the main one if you follow down just go down this road yeah yeah keep going and it's on your left hand side so it's pleasant it is so it is down there yeah cause that's the that's the tower isn't it but it's uh you don't mind me asking me do you no no you're happy to give that to me okay so it's down there great all right sorry about that cheers thanks thanks thank you so much uh yeah all right so it's just down that way can you just grab that just grab your watch and then you've got a phone on you as well that'd be terrific i'll just grab your thanks i'll take that off lovely cheers i'll just grab your phone as well in your house case thank you thank you very much all right so it's just literally just down there yeah so straight down there and on your left-hand side as you go further down the road all right lovely thank you so much thank you thank you thank you thank you it's difficult to explain because somehow it felt natural to give them to him until i got a few yards down the road and then i started to think what's happened in the air just hold that a second cheers all right i'll just grab the others back up here so i can keep cheers thanks so much thank you i think you're heading that way thanks ever so much there we go that's how darren brown does it um fascinating stuff to watch that um so like he's his techniques um where he sort of confounds the person confuses them and then walks away they're watching their wallet and their possessions we don't want you to do that but what we want you to do is to interrupt people's patterns enough so that when they're like scrolling through linkedin all that scrolling through facebook scrolling through youtube we want them to stop and click on your content so looking at how we do that i want to take you over to pre-recorded corner so the pre-recorded bit of this live video and discuss how you can do that with your own videos and how you can do that with your own content so bearing that in mind let's have a look hello and welcome to pre-recorded corner the part of the show where i discuss in-depth something that we're talking about on the live show though i'm probably going to forget because it's live and you forget stuff when it's live so in this part of the video i want to talk about examples of pan interrupts in videos i've seen video things that i think work quite well and things that i think don't work so well in terms of pattern interrupts so um this whole thing came about because i made a video about a year ago about pattern interrupts and the start of that video was me with a giant head and the way it works was people were scrolling through on linkedin the video automatically starts playing and instead of like me with my normal pretty big head i had a giant head and this works really well because people are scrolling through and then suddenly they see what's that guy doing with a giant head so they stop and watch it it's really weird how i sort of thought that would work and it ended up working pretty well i was quite happy with it and it's probably it is my most watched youtube video as well so obviously it has worked so doing something like that where the video automatically starts playing and it grabs people's attention or it stops them their automatic thought process and makes them stop and think whoa what the hell is that that works really well another way of doing that is by having a line of dialogue so there's a video for a product called the squatty potty where it starts off saying this is where your ice cream comes from creamy poop of a mystic unicorn automatically it's so odd and bizarre and weird it stops you and makes you start thinking well i've got to stop and watch this having something like that a line of dialogue or something visual that makes you stop and watch the video is really really powerful but after that you've got to make them keep watching so that they watched all of your video or most of your videos so keep an eye on the watch time and where people are watching your videos and then you'll see that yes your pattern interrupters work but then your content is a good quality as well another way of getting people to stop and watch your content is by having a really good quality thumbnail something that's going to make people stop and click on it so on youtube people are scrolling through content they see a lot of thumbnails um some sort like videos do automatically start playing but you do see the thumbnail on there and you see a lot of thumbnails like this where they've got shocked faces and and big bold lettering arrows work really well as well so think about what you can do in terms of your thumbnail don't just go with the the thumbnail you get given make something that's a bit visual make something that's going to grab people's attention and then play around with it as well and then as things start working you'll see which videos get more views start using those elements in your videos as well um thirdly think about the title of your video so this is something that annoys me a little bit where i see lots of stuff on youtube where it's kind of like click baity titles where it says something to make you click on it you think oh yeah that's going to be interesting and then it kind of like flips it around a little bit so it's kind of a bit about what you thought it was going to be about but it flips it so it's like it's not really about that at all but all that title is something to get you to watch it or the content's just a bit bland and boring but the title made you click and watch it i've been caught out by this a few times by um the same sort of um creators so just be aware that if you feel like you're tricking people into watching your content they may soon lose patience with you a little bit in terms of they'll stop watching your content i've stopped watching certain people on because i've been caught out too many times by their clickbaity titles it just gets annoying you feel like you're a fool you feel like you've been tricked into it and you don't like nobody really likes that so by all means make your title interested and get people's attention but then i think you also have to deliver on the content as well so that's it for pre-recorded caller let's go back over to me in the live broadcast bye so back from pre-recorded corner let me know what examples you've seen um in terms of pattern interrupts um in video so what makes you stop and watch a video so when you're scrolling through which everyone does everyone scrolls through loads and loads of content every day what makes you stop and click on something a lot of the time for me it's not really like conscious like what makes me stop and click on something it's something that really sort of it just grabs my attention quite quickly so usually it's a thumbnail or maybe like the title of the video but then the content of the video has got to be really interesting as well because like if if i see it's going to go on for too long i'll just click off or if i see that it's just sort of it hasn't grabbed my attention straight away i'll just go on to something else also i think a really good point on pre-recorded corner that with um with that aspect of the the what was it called sorry going over to this the clickbait like a clickbaity title if you go over to that and then it's not quite what you thought it was you kind of feel like you're tricked you kind of feel like a little bit let down by that person and there's people that i've subscribed to on youtube that i no longer watch their videos because i've sort of been caught out too many times with those clickbaity titles you've really got to be careful with that um in terms of being like click-baity in terms of those videos um so by all means interrupt people's patterns and get them to watch your content but then also deliver on what you're doing as well so let me know what kind of things you've seen um that have worked for you if you've done anything in terms of pattern interrupts post them in the comments below as well and thank you again for watching this episode of the video so don't forget to subscribe if you've got any questions after watching the show feel free to put in the comments or connect with me on linkedin um and um i will see you next time for the last episode of the video show of 2020 where we'll be going behind the scenes on one of the shows i produced called the mob show um we'll be going by behind the scenes on the christmas special on that which is next friday on the 18th so that will be interesting as well cool that's it for episode 321 i'll see you next time for the last one in 2020 3 2 2. bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @freyafoxmusic: nice

- Catastrophizing: How to Stop Making Yourself Depressed and Anxious: Cognitive Distortion Skill #6: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, everyone. I'm Emma McAdam. I'm a licensed&nbsp; marriage and family therapist. And in this&nbsp;&nbsp; video we're going to talk about catastrophizing,&nbsp; which is expecting the worst. Catastrophizing&nbsp;&nbsp; is an excellent way to make yourself anxious and&nbsp; depressed and completely ruin your life. Oh, yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'm going to teach you three things you can do&nbsp; to stop catastrophizing. So let's talk about that. Late one night a man was driving along a dark&nbsp; rural road. He was out far from any towns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he was just trying to get home. All of&nbsp; a sudden he hears a loud bang and the thump&nbsp;&nbsp; thump thump of a flat tire. He's irritated, but no&nbsp; need to panic; he knows how to change a tire. So&nbsp;&nbsp; he gets out of the car, he gets into the trunk, he&nbsp; pulls out the spare tire and the lug wrench. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then he realizes with a sinking feeling that his&nbsp; jack is missing. You can't change a tire without a&nbsp;&nbsp; jack. Then he checks his phone and he doesn't have&nbsp; reception. So now he's stuck. As he's wondering&nbsp;&nbsp; what to do, he looks down the road and he sees&nbsp; a porch light a long ways away. It looks like a&nbsp;&nbsp; little farmhouse. And he decides to walk over and&nbsp; ask the farmer if he could borrow a jack. The walk&nbsp;&nbsp; was long and dark. And at one point he trips over&nbsp; a pothole and he falls and he tears a hole in his&nbsp;&nbsp; pants. And he just he keeps stumbling along in&nbsp; the dark, worrying about what he's going to do.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's dark, it's late, and he starts to imagine&nbsp; what will happen when he reaches the farmhouse.&nbsp;&nbsp; The farmer will probably already be in bed.&nbsp; He'll probably be cranky about being woken up.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the man keeps walking. And as he walks through&nbsp; the dark, other thoughts come to him. What if the&nbsp;&nbsp; farmer doesn't have a jack? Farmers have guns.&nbsp; What if he pulls that out? The farmer's probably&nbsp;&nbsp; going to sic a huge dog on him. What if the farmer&nbsp; realizes that the man's alone and he robs him?&nbsp;&nbsp; He thinks, "I don't deserve to be treated that&nbsp; way. None of this is fair." And at this point&nbsp;&nbsp; the man is scared, but he's also getting angry.&nbsp; He knows that this farmer is going to be a jerk,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he still needs his jack. So he walks up to&nbsp; the front door and he knocks. And as he waits&nbsp;&nbsp; for a response, he imagines this angry farmer&nbsp; screaming at him, threatening him, chasing him,&nbsp;&nbsp; shooting him. And he hears footsteps. The door&nbsp; swings open, and a man says, "Can I help you?"&nbsp;&nbsp; And the stranded man, all red-faced and&nbsp; angry, yells, "I don't want your dang&nbsp;&nbsp; jack anyway!" and he grabs the door and&nbsp; he slams it shut and he storms away. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; catastrophizing is a common cognitive distortion&nbsp; or thinking error. It's when we think of a current&nbsp;&nbsp; or future situation as a catastrophe. So for&nbsp; example, you worry that you're gonna fail a test,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you imagine what would happen when you&nbsp; do fail. You're gonna get kicked out of school.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're going to end up working a dead-end job,&nbsp; fail at life, and die homeless on the street.&nbsp;&nbsp; And all of this because of a test at school.&nbsp; Catastrophizing is imagining the worst.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's taking a difficult situation and&nbsp; interpreting it as being horrible, terrible,&nbsp;&nbsp; and unrecoverable. We all know that person who if&nbsp; they get a B on a test wails, "I'm failing math."&nbsp;&nbsp; Right? Many of us have had a parent who when&nbsp; we didn't want to do our chores, they said&nbsp;&nbsp; something like, "Oh, if you don't do your chores,&nbsp; your college roommates will hate you and no one&nbsp;&nbsp; will want to marry you." Right? Like in the story&nbsp; about the jack, catastrophizing often starts with&nbsp;&nbsp; a genuine setback, like getting a flat tire in&nbsp; the middle of nowhere. But then the thinking error&nbsp;&nbsp; turns that reality into a belief that something&nbsp; horrible is likely to happen. "I'm gonna get shot&nbsp;&nbsp; or robbed and attacked." Right? At its root,&nbsp; catastrophizing is about our habitual response&nbsp;&nbsp; to challenges or shortcomings. So take a second&nbsp; pause, this video, and ask yourself how do you&nbsp;&nbsp; think about failure? When these habits, these&nbsp; thinking habits become part of a repeated pattern,&nbsp;&nbsp; they lead to depression or anxiety, and people&nbsp; tend to imagine that they'll never be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to recover. So here's some common examples.&nbsp; Someone with anxiety imagines losing control&nbsp;&nbsp; of himself. So for example, a man with a panic&nbsp; disorder predicts that if he goes to the mall&nbsp;&nbsp; on a weekend afternoon, he'll have a panic attack&nbsp; ,and then he predicts that having a panic attack&nbsp;&nbsp; would be a catastrophe rather than&nbsp; just being really uncomfortable.&nbsp;&nbsp; Or a woman with depression envisions herself being&nbsp; depressed forever and never feeling happy again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Or a 30-year-old man imagines himself never&nbsp; finding love and imagining that if he doesn't,&nbsp;&nbsp; he will be plagued by intense feelings of&nbsp; loneliness 24/7 from now until he dies.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right? Or a teen equates not being in a text&nbsp; group with being totally rejected by everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp; So how does catastrophizing mess us up? We have&nbsp; all experienced some tragedies in our life,&nbsp;&nbsp; including painful rejection or failure, and I&nbsp; think that we trick ourselves into believing&nbsp;&nbsp; that if we can expect the worst we can prevent&nbsp; it. But in reality, usually the exact opposite&nbsp;&nbsp; happens. So think about the man from the jack&nbsp; story. Because he feared getting rejected,&nbsp;&nbsp; he slammed the door shut himself. He cut&nbsp; himself off from the opportunity to get&nbsp;&nbsp; the solution he needed because he was thinking&nbsp; about everything that could go wrong. Seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; the worst often invites the worst. Not only&nbsp; do we cut ourselves off from opportunities,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we invite the exact problems we're hoping to&nbsp; avoid. So if we go into a conversation expecting&nbsp;&nbsp; the other person to get defensive, we often lead&nbsp; off by being harsher or more rigid, inviting the&nbsp;&nbsp; other to be more defensive. If you expect that&nbsp; your crush will reject you if you ask her out,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you don't ask her out. You end up alone on&nbsp; the weekend. Catastrophizing invites depression.&nbsp;&nbsp; When we imagine a future that is bleak,&nbsp; threatening, or hopeless, then our brain&nbsp;&nbsp; responds by putting out less serotonin and&nbsp; dopamine. These are the happiness, pleasure,&nbsp;&nbsp; and motivation chemicals. So why be happy or&nbsp; hopeful when the future is impossibly dreary?&nbsp;&nbsp; This leads to a cycle of withdrawal from life, a&nbsp; lack of motivation, and a pattern of depression.&nbsp;&nbsp; Catastrophizing also invites anxiety. It&nbsp; forces our brain to see threats and failure&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere. And our brain responds to perceived&nbsp; threats with a very real physical fear response,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fight/flight/freeze response. And this&nbsp; contributes to social anxiety, general anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; panic attacks, and more. Expecting the&nbsp; worst makes us hopeless and depressed&nbsp;&nbsp; about the future. It makes us unmotivated. Why&nbsp; try if I'm just gonna fail? And it also enables&nbsp;&nbsp; us to wallow in self-pity. Catastrophizing&nbsp; closes us off to opportunities and options&nbsp;&nbsp; that might work, and it leads to this sense of&nbsp; paralysis. So if catastrophizing is so harmful,&nbsp;&nbsp; why do we keep doing it? At this point I've&nbsp; got to pause because some of you out there&nbsp;&nbsp; have started this super unhelpful thought process&nbsp; of "Yeah, why am I such an idiot? I am so broken.&nbsp;&nbsp; See, I am defective because I do this stuff."&nbsp; Okay. You need to stop that. Take a deep breath.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are not defective. You might be doing&nbsp; something that's not working well for you,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that doesn't mean you're bad or broken. It&nbsp; means you can change and get feeling better.&nbsp;&nbsp; So if you need to, pause this video and take a&nbsp; second to be kind to yourself and practice some&nbsp;&nbsp; courage. Changing how we think takes work, but you&nbsp; can do hard things. Okay. So let's go back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; question, why do we catastrophize? Well, it serves&nbsp; a function, albeit a dysfunctional one. We do it&nbsp;&nbsp; for one of two reasons. Number one: preparing&nbsp; for the worst is a coping strategy, preventing us&nbsp;&nbsp; from feeling risk or uncertainty. So if I expect&nbsp; myself to fail, I won't be disappointed if I do.&nbsp;&nbsp; If I reject myself first, then I don't have&nbsp; to worry that my crush will do it to me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Catastrophizing is an attempt to avoid feelings,&nbsp; to protect ourselves from feeling sadness or&nbsp;&nbsp; worry. But the crazy thing is that when we try&nbsp; not to feel, we often end up more depressed and&nbsp;&nbsp; anxious. So expecting the worst also justifies us&nbsp; for not even trying, and it attempts to excuse our&nbsp;&nbsp; failure before we put in any effort. So no wonder&nbsp; it feels more comfortable than putting your heart&nbsp;&nbsp; out there. It's comfortable in the short term, but&nbsp; it crushes the joy out of life in the long run.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you catastrophize, you're not risking&nbsp; failure, but you can't have success. You're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting rejected, but you're still alone on the&nbsp; weekend. Okay. Dysfunctional function number two:&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes we think or we've been trained to&nbsp; believe that the best motivation is fear,&nbsp;&nbsp; that in order to motivate ourselves to study or to&nbsp; go to work we have to predict doom and gloom. Fear&nbsp;&nbsp; as motivation works briefly, but in the long run&nbsp; it makes us depressed and anxious and overwhelmed&nbsp;&nbsp; and less functional. Let me use a school anxiety&nbsp; example. So a kid's not going to school because of&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety. The parents also feel anxious about this,&nbsp; so they go into a room and say, "You have to get&nbsp;&nbsp; up or else you are going to ruin your life. You&nbsp; have to go to school or you'll never get a good&nbsp;&nbsp; job," etc., etc. And in the short term this gets&nbsp; the kid out of bed and into school. But then she&nbsp;&nbsp; spends the rest of her day worrying about being&nbsp; a failure, and the next day she has even more&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety and it's even harder to get motivated&nbsp; to go to school. So do you do this? Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; try to give yourself a pep talk but it's really&nbsp; more of a fear talk? We or our parents may have&nbsp;&nbsp; used fear in the past as a strong motivator, but&nbsp; it's just not a sustainable source of motivation.&nbsp;&nbsp; So let's find something that's more functional&nbsp; than our self-justifying, self-defeating&nbsp;&nbsp; catastrophizing. So first off, try to start with&nbsp; a good night's rest. When we're sleep-deprived,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're hypersensitive to threats and we're less&nbsp; resilient in the face of challenges. When you're&nbsp;&nbsp; rested you'll have a greater ability to face&nbsp; these challenges bravely. Okay. Number two: accept&nbsp;&nbsp; uncertainty as a natural and acceptable part of&nbsp; living a wholehearted life. This is a fundamental&nbsp;&nbsp; life skill that can be developed and practiced.&nbsp; It involves changing how you think about anxiety.&nbsp;&nbsp; So instead of labeling anxiety as bad or harmful&nbsp; or terrible or "I can't handle it," you say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, this is uncomfortable, but it won't&nbsp; injure me." You say, "I can do hard things."&nbsp;&nbsp; Courage is not the absence of fear but the&nbsp; judgment that something else is more important.&nbsp;&nbsp; So living life is about embracing acceptable risk&nbsp; and the anxiety that comes with it as a normal and&nbsp;&nbsp; natural and helpful part of life. And as you do&nbsp; this, you build up emotional muscles to experience&nbsp;&nbsp; uncomfortable emotions. And you can also practice&nbsp; this by doing mindfulness and meditation or just&nbsp;&nbsp; doing something every day that scares you. Okay.&nbsp; Number three: motivate yourself by what you want&nbsp;&nbsp; in life, by what you value and you hope instead of&nbsp; trying to use fear. So these are called positive&nbsp;&nbsp; goals. So instead of saying, you know, "Oh, I have&nbsp; to go to school so that I don't die homeless on&nbsp;&nbsp; the street," you say, "I choose to go to school&nbsp; because I want to be a therapist when I grow up."&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. I never said that as a kid, but you get&nbsp; the idea. Right? Choose what you do want in&nbsp;&nbsp; life. Break it down into small goals, and then&nbsp; just bravely work toward those little by little.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So here's the classic CBT approach to ending&nbsp; catastrophizing. So number one: just start by&nbsp;&nbsp; noticing when you are catastrophizing. What are&nbsp; the words you use? Are they things like never,&nbsp;&nbsp; terrible, fail, rejected, awkward? Anything that's&nbsp; an exaggeration, making things out to be worse&nbsp;&nbsp; than they are. And then getting better as well&nbsp; at noticing what are the situations you tend to&nbsp;&nbsp; catastrophize about? And, you know, write down&nbsp; what it looks like when you do it. Ask a family&nbsp;&nbsp; member or a friend to point it out to you. Right?&nbsp; So this is the first step in emotion processing.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's observing, it's getting better at noticing&nbsp; what's going on with your thought patterns and&nbsp;&nbsp; your behaviors. Then the second step in emotion&nbsp; processing is to pause. Right? So just because&nbsp;&nbsp; you think something doesn't mean it's true. Just&nbsp; because you feel something doesn't mean you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to believe it. So now is a great chance. Just&nbsp; slow it down. Take a deep breath. Number three is&nbsp;&nbsp; explore. Right? Challenge those thoughts. Right?&nbsp; Just because you think something doesn't mean it's&nbsp;&nbsp; true. Learn to notice and gently question your&nbsp; thoughts. You don't have to believe everything you&nbsp;&nbsp; think, but you also don't need to beat yourself&nbsp; up for having these thoughts, like saying things&nbsp;&nbsp; like, "Oh, what's the matter with me? Why do&nbsp; I always think this way?" That's also not very&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful. So instead, like, get better at noticing&nbsp; your thoughts and letting them pass through. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is another skill from acceptance and commitment&nbsp; therapy. It's called cognitive diffusion, and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can practice it with activities like Leaves&nbsp; on the Stream or the skills I teach in my video How to Stop Intrusive Thoughts and&nbsp; Overthinking. So I'll link those below.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. Number four is choose. Right? Replace those&nbsp; thoughts with something more honest and more&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful. So once you start to notice this type&nbsp; of thinking, you pause and you explore it. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can bravely pick up your emotional sword, and&nbsp; you can begin to combat this kind of thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; with more honest and more rational thoughts,&nbsp; thoughts that line up more with who you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; be and your values. And some of the ways I like to&nbsp; do this are to think things like this: "Okay, even&nbsp;&nbsp; if something bad did happen, I could learn from&nbsp; it. It wouldn't be the end of the world," etc.&nbsp;&nbsp; So here's a couple of examples. Say someone&nbsp; says something like, "Oh no, I am such an idiot.&nbsp;&nbsp; I already made a mistake on this report;&nbsp; I'm never gonna finish it. Or if I do,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's gonna be so flawed that it won't matter.&nbsp; I'm gonna get fired no matter what." Okay. Wait.&nbsp;&nbsp; Pause. That's not true. Okay. Let's explore some&nbsp; alternatives here. "Everybody makes mistakes." Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; okay. "I'm only human." There's another one.&nbsp; "I'll fix this mistake, and if I need to ask&nbsp;&nbsp; for help I can. But I'm just gonna keep working&nbsp; hard and try to be more careful in the future."&nbsp;&nbsp; Or something more like, "Oh, nobody's gonna&nbsp; fire me for a mistake or two in a report."&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. See how we're replacing the catastrophizing&nbsp; thoughts with thoughts that are a little bit more&nbsp;&nbsp; helpful? Okay. Here's another example: someone&nbsp; says something like, "Oh, I can't believe I said&nbsp;&nbsp; that to my boyfriend. He's gonna leave me for&nbsp; sure this time." Okay. Let's replace that with&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe like, "Oh, I shouldn't have said that to&nbsp; my boyfriend. I really need to learn how to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; kindly when I'm upset. I'm gonna apologize and try&nbsp; to make it right. Hopefully he'll understand and&nbsp;&nbsp; accept my apology and we'll both learn something&nbsp; from this." Okay. So challenging catastrophizing,&nbsp;&nbsp; this approach, it requires us to stay engaged even&nbsp; when there's a risk of things not going perfectly.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is called vulnerability, the potential&nbsp; for success and also for getting hurt. But the&nbsp;&nbsp; only alternative is to guarantee failure by&nbsp; cutting yourself off before you even try.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I'm a big fan of acceptance and commitment&nbsp; therapy. It's it's a process which basically&nbsp;&nbsp; trains you to get better at feeling, to&nbsp; open yourself up to the emotions that come&nbsp;&nbsp; with living the life you value - love, joy&nbsp; and sadness and worry and hope, excitement,&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety. As you come to wholeheartedly&nbsp; embrace life and your goals and your values,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll get better and better at living with some&nbsp; risk, and you'll be rewarded with lots of good&nbsp;&nbsp; things happening to you all the time. May good&nbsp; things come to you as you courageously face life&nbsp;&nbsp; and the risks, joys, loves that come with it. For&nbsp; those of you who are long-time followers, you may&nbsp;&nbsp; have noticed that this video is a remake of one&nbsp; of my old videos, and that's because that video&nbsp;&nbsp; had a couple things that needed to be improved. So&nbsp; I hope you don't mind me making a better version&nbsp;&nbsp; of my video on catastrophizing. So&nbsp; thank you all for watching. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [90 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @ChaitanyaJagtap-xo7sq [1 likes]: 0:17😂
  3. @maryhelenortiz2996 [1 likes]: I am NOT alone!
Thank you!
  4. @Michaelseathboy [1 likes]: My problem is i canot stop it... Literally i can't because these thoughts are logical somehow, and it's impossible to don't believe it or deny it. I'M SUFFERING!!
  5. @natomblin: 💯 I recently discovered this dynamic within myself, fueling my chronic depression/anxiety. Your advice here is gold. And I'm here to say, very true from my personal experience. ❤
  6. @ayurveda007-c8d: "When burnout sets in, even small tasks feel completely overwhelming. Using Ashwagandha Capsules by Planet Ayurveda helps restore your natural mental stamina."
  7. @aminakazzaz8048: Hello, I am actually struggling with this so much. In a way that it caused panic attacks. So thank you for this video.
  8. @anonym19.75: I think I need a therapy. Wow admitting this fact to myself feels good. Nothing makes me happy anymore. Not even the small things. First I blamed myself by asking what’s wrong with me. Now I just realize that I am just overwhelmed with my life right now and need professional help to get out of this cycle. 

Whoever reads this: it’s never to late. Let people help you. You don’t have to do everything by your own. And lastly, try to be nicer to yourself. You don’t need to be perfect (no one is). You do your best and that’s enough ❤️
  9. @carmelomarieamante7035: Hope is very heavy I don't want to carry hope only to be disappointed in the end
  10. @Laughter17: I have a family member like this….i don’t have conversations on any topic because everything is the worst and sometimes I forget and mention something and soon i realize oh no why did I say anything….😢😢😢 if you are this type of person remember the sun rises and sets everyday and we all die at the end so enjoy the ride ..
  11. @RobertKildoo: So what does one do when they are neurodivergent and the situation actually is complex and serious and the wrong outcome could lead to personal disaster. How does one cope with the stress and anxiety and immobility when one cannot solve a complex personal life issue. When the circumstances really are large, complex, with no easy answer. How does one mitigate the anxiety and fear in order to move forward.
  12. @Ndnative3431: Laid off from professional job after two years at age 59, a year of unemployment before that when I was laid off a non-professional job after two years
  13. @aliciakitchens1810: I can understand why people do this today.
  14. @lucid4196: If you're homeless, just buy a house aah advice..
  15. @notnA51: This hits different when you have a 3D animation job and hearing about every single ai-tech giant wants to take over every creative job. And every job is being choked out by ai. I’m not catostrophising when every single ai-ceo and bro is projecting it on to me. I’m less worried about ai-gen hurting the creative fields, and more concerned about employers not caring about the gen-ai concerns the same way I do. And so many others. I am not alone in this.
  16. @Qutee-x1w: This really helped me a lot with my worrying and anxiety.  I felt better after listening to it.  Thank you!
  17. @Ardeact: it's so funny that almost all of our worries never actually happen, just a lot of wasted energy that can be used for self improvement.
  18. @mariamimosamesina7223: @THEDODOBIRDTHANKSGIVING MY GOSH.
  19. @tendoshan7575: The smarter you are the worse it is attempting to rationalize and anti-rationalize yourself (for lack of better explanation or terminology) so I tested Mensa and I noticed between myself and other people that say the same thing it seems the smarter you are the more you hurt yourself in this manner I've begun studying this intently the last five six months since I've developed severe issues here this is the most undiagnosable thing there is
  20. @molEmol777: Thanks Emma!

- How to stop feeling anxious about anxiety | Tim Box | TEDxFolkestone: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello my name is Tim box and I feel anxious I feel anxious about whether or not I'm gonna remember what I came here to say I feel anxious about whether or not you guys are going to agree with what I came here to say and if I'm completely honest up until about 30 seconds ago I felt a little bit anxious about the possibility of tripping up this rug on the way out but I think feeling anxious about these things while seemingly unhelpful is perhaps understandable after all it's important to me that I say exactly what I came here to say that my message gets heard and I achieved this without falling flat on my face yeah right now anxiety makes sense but there was a time in my life when I anxiety really didn't make sense I used to feel the kind of anxiety that meant I would struggle to even walk into a room with this many people in it let alone stand at the front and give a talk now obviously something has changed since then otherwise I wouldn't be standing here now and I think the main thing that's changed is that whilst I still experience anxiety I no longer suffer with it but I didn't achieve this shift by trying to get rid of it now don't get me wrong back in the day that's exactly what I was trying to do I would do all I could to avoid any anxiety inducing situation I would arrange my daily movements specifically avoiding social situations if I felt anxiety starting to flare up I'd run away I do all I could to retreat to safety and then employ various distraction techniques to take my mind away from the horribly uncomfortable feeling that something bad was about to happen it turns out that was my big mistake you see you don't get rid of anxiety by trying to get rid of it truth is you don't get rid of anxiety at all now by some twist of fate or perhaps as a direct result of what I went through back then I now work with anxiety sufferers to help them understand and ultimately overcome those feelings I spent a large part of the last ten years talking to anxiety sufferers about their anxiety and whilst all those I spoke to had their own individual story their own personal journey with anxiety every single one of them at some point expressed exactly the same desire that I used to have the desire to get rid of anxiety completely can you imagine if we all achieved that a world without anxiety what would they even look like well for example this room would probably look empty anxiety is the feeling that tells us when something is worth demanding our attention so in some small way it was anxiety that reminded you you had somewhere to be today without it none of us would have turned up and those that accidentally did will be watching an empty stage none of us would have businesses careers because we wouldn't have regarded studying gaining qualifications as worth bothering with and none of us would have boyfriends girlfriends husbands or wives either here or at home because we just wouldn't have seen the value of washing and dressing up to make a good impression on that all-important first date that we probably forgot to turn up to so it seems anxiety is important but of course there are those that don't feel anxiety there are two very distinct groups the first group dead people dead people don't feel anxious you know and I think that's okay they're dead they've got enough to not worry about the second group would be those we might refer to as Psychopaths those people that for whatever reason lack the ability to have any concern for the consequences of theirs or anyone else's actions now I don't know how you were brought up but when I was a kid I was given the distinct impression that being part of either of these two groups would be undesirable so if being free of anxiety would be such a bad idea why do we regard feeling anxious so negatively now I think the very obvious answer that question is that it feels horrible when we suffer high levels of anxiety over a long period of time it can very quickly start to dominate our life even go on to define our existence of course we're gonna try and get rid of it but what if we can't what if all of our attempts to control our anxiety response ultimately fail and where do we go I think most people go along to their local doctor and I should say at this point I'm a big fan of doctors they've saved my life on more than one occasion and I feel a tremendous amount of sympathy for them when it comes to treating anxiety issues because it's really not what they signed up for and it's certainly not what they're trained for when it comes to anxiety doctors are restricted in three important ways firstly time you get somewhere between 8 and 11 minutes for an appointment with your local GP which is nowhere near enough time to effectively diagnose and treat an anxiety issue secondly knowledge doctors are taught that anxiety is a mental health condition and yet they're not mental health specialists if a doctor wishes to become one of those they have to train for a further five or six more years to become a psychiatrist and thirdly resources doctors are given precious little support when it comes to actually treating anxiety I can put you on a 12 to 16 week waiting list for some form of counselling but by the time we got to the doctor we're probably in such desperate need of assistance that being told we now have to wait three or four months to talk to some is not helpful that leaves the only other option medication I'm not a fan of medicating anxiety now whilst I'm well aware that taking drugs can change the way we feel back in the 90s I witnessed many of my friends on a Saturday night discovering that very simple truth but with medication comes all sorts of unpredictable and unpleasant side-effects and in the unlikely event we do find the drug that agrees with you that calms your anxiety response without any side effects then of course it's all too easy to now regard ourselves as dependent on that drug and then the possibility of developing a dependency on our anti-anxiety medication just becomes something else to feel anxious about the truth is a medical solution to a non-medical problem will not solve that problem it will at best just patch over it for a short while now the irony here is that most of the people I've spoken to they already know all of this they know the doctor is not a great option for our anxiety which then begs the very obvious question so why do we go there I believe we go there because these days we are told anxiety is an illness and this is perhaps the one certain result of going to the doctor for your anxiety you will come away from there labelled with an anxiety issue maybe even diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and now you have a brand new thing to feel anxious about during the thousands of conversations I've had with anxiety sufferers there was a common thread when asked what they felt most anxious about the answer was generally how anxious they felt and if it would ever stop this concern is almost entirely created and fueled by the idea that anxiety is an illness anxiety is not an illness anxiety is an emotion every emotion is important every emotion has a purpose every emotion is a natural and vital part of our human experience in that respect anxiety is no more sinister than any other feeling we might have if we didn't feel anxiety would be one emotion short of the full set that really would be a disorder I want to share with you now an analogy that might go some way towards helping us understand our emotional responses I want you to think of your mind like a ship every ship has a captain and a crew in this analogy the captain is your logical rational conscious part of your thinking it's the part that knows where you want to go why you want to go there and has a fair idea of how you think you gonna get there unfortunately the part of our mind that has its hands and all the things that steer and sail our ship that's the crew that's your subconscious your subconscious is in charge of all of your automatic responses so your patterns of thought and behavior your belief systems and perhaps most importantly your emotions your crew sail your ship by triggering the appropriate emotional responses so for example if we regard something is dangerous our crew might trigger the feeling of fear we've become uncomfortable and this feeling will encourage us to move away from the danger to return to comfort if we believe we've been wronged a member of our crew might trigger anger will energize and our focus will be drawn towards taking whatever action is necessary to right the wrong so what about anxiety why do our crew trigger that particular emotion now no doubt every single one of us will have our own idea about what anxiety means to us but put simply anxiety is the emotion that tells us when something is too important to simply lose focus of it's the voice of concern about an upcoming event or situation that refuses to be ignored it's the crew saying to the captain you need to pay attention to this now here's the important part your crew are operating on one very simple principle they're trying to find the best strategy for the most happiness yes safety is important after all safety is a huge component part of happiness we can't feel happy if we don't feel safe but ultimately at all times your crew are trying to steer you in the direction of happiness as the American author Jon shed once wrote a ship in Harbor is safe but that is not what ships are built for so even when your crew are making you feel awful telling you things about yourself you really don't want to hear those seemingly self-destructive thoughts I'm not good enough I'll never succeed unlovable even these harsh words are simply designed to steer you away from any situation that might lead to an unhappy experience they're not trying to sink the ship they just tryna sail it away from the stormy seas that we fear we might not be able to cope with but every decision your crew makes is based upon the things you've learned throughout your life and because many of these things will learn when you were very young some of them no longer apply some of them were just wrong in the first place what this means is that as far as anxiety is concerned your crew will very often make mistakes but just because they get things wrong doesn't make them the enemy and yet this is a sentiment I hear all the time anxiety is the enemy people want to throw those crewmembers overboard and I can understand that after all if we regard a part of our mind as now actively trying to destroy us then of course it would be easy to view it as the enemy if we then believe our mind has actually turned against us it'll be easy to conclude our mind is broken it would be easy to believe that person that told us the way you feel means you are ill I started this talk by telling you I used to suffer debilitating levels of social anxiety so how did I get control of that what did I actually do to reduce it there are three main things I did that I think helped me change the first thing I did I refused to believe I was ill of all the things I felt anxious about I decided not to feel anxious about feeling anxious I recognize that every time I felt anxiety it wasn't random it was always triggered by a situation or a thought process once I understood this I could do the second thing that's to listen to my crew I spent too long pushing them away trying to ignore what they were telling me when you ignore someone with an important message they might just start to speak louder to get heard if you continue to ignore them they might start to shout the only way I was going to stop anxiety from shouting at me to listen to it to hear what it was saying to me I sought to understand what my crew were trying to achieve with these feelings and to turn my enemies into my friends and the funny thing is when you start listening listening to what your minds trying to tell you you can stop shouting when the crew stop shouting the captain can be heard that's the point where you're more logical thinking gets to have some info you get to decide is this feeling appropriate or inappropriate is it helpful or unhelpful once you have the ear of your crew and you know what you would want from them the third thing maybe the most important thing is to always always be kind to them if you're anything like me you spent a large part of your life beating yourself up over the things you did wrong or the things you didn't quite do right or just about the way you feel for all the criticism and negativity you've received from others throughout your life the person has given you the most it's probably you this has the cumulative effect of destroying morale aboard your ship a demoralized crew equals low self-esteem and low self-esteem means nail the slightest challenge will create anxiety but the good news is you can repair the damage that's been done very easily simply by deciding from now on to always talk to your crew to yourself with kindness and positivity people do their best work when they feel empowered to achieve your crew are no different put simply if you beat yourself up you just end up beating if you build yourself up who knows how far we can reach this is why I think it's okay maybe even important to feel anxiety every single day of our lives it means the crew are still sailing the ship and still trying to get it in the right direction it's a part of you that makes you reread the important email before you send it it's the part that makes sure you check your keys or in your pocket before you send the front door on your way out in the morning and it's the part that makes your heart skip a little bit when you think about giving that important presentation at work or in a theater truth is I still feel anxious all the time for example every Friday morning I wake feeling anxious because Friday is dustbin day my crew wake me with the thought I need to go and take the bins out now it's not debilitating anxiety it's barely a whisper it's just loud enough to get heard and then when I've taken the bins out it's gone and this might seem like a really trivial example but this is exactly the sort of thing that will trouble us if we believe the way we feel is not normal I wonder if back in the day when I'd suffered high levels of anxiety if I've been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder would I now dread Friday mornings would I feel anxious about the prospect of my anxiety flaring up again would I curse myself for still not being free of anxiety there tend to be too popular positions on high anxiety the first states it's a mental illness it's the way you're wired there's little we can do about it the second states is not real it's all in your head you just need to get over it neither of these positions are helpful and both are wrong the last 10 years have taught me the truth lies somewhere in the middle of course it's real we don't ask to feel this way and yet we do even though we feel this way now doesn't mean we can't change it the first step towards changing is to accept it once we accept anxiety as a natural part of our human experience and treat it not as our enemy but as a trusted friend you'll be surprised how quickly the crew just get back to sailing the ship and we start to feel a lot less anxious about anxiety so how do you feel today do you feel anxious about something good I mean you're alive it means as a part of you trying to tell you something that regards is important have a listen it's here to help my name is Tim box and now 18 minutes later I feel a lot less anxious thank you very much [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @themutualfundguy [3 likes]: Please Read This if you're suffering from anxiety and dont understand the solution 👇👇
Honestly I dealt with major anxiety 2 months ago, it lasted with heavy heartedness for 1 month, i couldnt enjoy time with my friends, felt as if happiness just disappeared. i tried every solution on YOUTUBE, none worked. It always felt good the day i saw the solution but exactly the next day i was back to 0. Until the time i read the book "Dont Believe Everything You Think - Joseph Nguyen", Trust me just by reading initial 50-60 pages you will understand a lot about yourself. i still havent completely gotten over it but now if any anxiety wave kicks in, i know how to deal with it and the intensity of these waves have become way less, and hopefully they may disappear in the future. As of now i think i have regained that happiness, and i have started spending way better time with friends and fam.
i hope you get out of this!  ❤❤
  2. @gabrielab4260 [2 likes]: Meanwhile the psychopaths leaders and politicians go to bed without a worry in the world after unaliving children and innocent people all day
  3. @aravinqd: Thank you Tim Box
  4. @jimleppert5486: how to build confidence
  5. @BigStringGuitarPlayer: This video really helped. Thank you! I had to take a break, give myself credit rather than criticism, and sit down with the crew to let them be heard. I was also running on fumes which didn’t help. I no longer use social media as I feel we can compare ourselves too much on there. Good luck to all!
  6. @puranepunjabigane987: thank you sir i feel it helpful
  7. @preethanair7442: There are times I feel overwhelmed by my anxiety and panic, and I end up crying and wondering why I have to go through something so painful. I feel frustrated with myself because I’ve had moments where fear and tension affected my performance, especially in important situations like exams, where I couldn’t recall what I studied.

At times, I feel embarrassed and disappointed, as if I haven’t achieved what I hoped for in life. The uncertainty and fear can feel overwhelming and hard for others to understand. I’ve had setbacks in my career and confidence, and sometimes I feel like I’ve lost direction.

But even in those moments, I remind myself that giving up feels easy, but continuing to try takes strength. My life has been a series of ups and downs, and I’m still in the middle of figuring things out.

What I hope for is a future where the fear doesn’t control me anymore—where I can feel calm, steady, and able to smile without carrying so much anxiety with me.
  8. @ElliottMorrow: They made me watch this in my CCW class
  9. @AngmohTsaoReborn: I would have finished watching all his nonsense if he wasn’t a good looking guy! I was merely listening to his voice and looking at that charming face!
  10. @zzynapse_14: 2026 anyone???
  11. @SoulMitraAI-b1h: SoulMitra AI is like having someone to talk to whenever things feel overwhelming,a supportive AI space where you can share your thoughts freely, feel heard, and find guidance anytime you need it 💙
  12. @mimachakata: Thanks Tim
  13. @walkingaround-u3q: This is rubbish, as far as I'm concerned. I was watching television last year. When out of the blue something happened, I felt very ill. Starting shaking went into the garden and try to cope with it. Rank for an ambulance came quite quickly, went to hospital 17 hours. And got ejected, but mental health team never got to see a doctor and here I am still struggling. I think most people who think they've got anxiety have no idea what it really is because when it hits you, you would rather be dead. But it keeps coming and coming and coming And nobody wants to help you.
I'm from a different age. I'm not young. I'm 65 so I lived with anxiety as a child
Wondering if you were gonna get into trouble all the cane or punished by your teachers or slap by your parents. What I'm talking about? It's something I don't think any of you. Are going through right now? If I could make you feel the way I feel you would say. Please take it back. I don't want this. I don't want it. I'd rather collapse on the floor and die on the spot. Then, continue living my life. That's anxiety.
On level eleven
  14. @ayam6850: 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
  15. @kimpaul5948: With the thought of going out, I didn’t realize it at the time, but when I would prepare to go out, getting dressed, etc. my body would overheat, I would sweat profusely, I mean head of hair was drenched, like I stepped out of the shower. Constantly tissuing my face. My nose would start to run. I could feel it running. I would grab a new tissue, shocked because sometimes it was blood. I would cancel my plans and lay down. I canceled so many appointments. I’m still struggling. Yes I’ve been under medical treatment. For a bit I felt better, not normal, like in my past life. But now I feel like I’m going backwards.
  16. @vincentxie3090: Anxiety is a common part of human life
  17. @lucyyy0404: I DON'T EVEN KNOW.. if it's anxiety or fear of losing something before trying.. 
Just before doing something infront of people like solving a simple question.. I just feel like my whole body is dizzy.. heartbeat fast , mind blank and again I messed up. I don't want to share this to chat gpt or Gemini because I wanted someone who has experience it to reply me. Can't even share with my family and friends.. so I'm writing it here..
  18. @EmanIbrahim-b5e: I help myself to be more Comfortable and calm, I do my best
  19. @mallutek3644: 13:40 I cant hear, beacause of long years of shouting, its like bleeding without knowing pain, thats what im now..... 
Emotionally numb while in constant anxiety whenever in contact with the world with external factor perfectionism is my way of living.
  20. @Zyraa.rchives: This is the best ted talk I've watched

- Stopping rumination is tough! Let me show you how: Kind: captions Language: en hey Nathan Peterson here OCD and anxiety specialist that good old rumination it plagues us all the overthinking the anxiety the stress let's discuss why rumination fuels anxiety and OCD and I'm going to teach you how to stop it rumination is an obsessive thought pattern that many people with anxiety and OCD experience it can be so extremely debilitating it's an endless cycle of thoughts that can lead to feelings of anxiety stress and depression making it difficult to move forward in this video we're going to explore the reasons why rumination is so harmful and I'm going to provide you with some practical tips on how to stop it well I use the word stop it but we'll get there so let's get started pattern that can occur in many different situations it's essentially just repetitive thoughts over and over and over and over and over and over and over could be about anxiety stress depression past mistakes why did I do that could this happen can I problem solve this even though there's no answer to it and we tend to focus on those negative experiences negative thoughts those are the ones that are replaying over and over again it's not the positive things it's the wh ifs that can lead to this distorted perception of reality making it difficult to see these things in a more positive light rumination fuels anxiety and OCD it keeps people stuck in the cycle of this negative thinking the worst case scenarios they escalate often people feel Panic they feel fear it's difficult to break the cycle this often leads to Compulsive behaviors those are the things that people do to get these thoughts to just stop or they problem solving it as it can feel so overwhelming there's often depression that comes along with this so this is what you here for one of the most effective ways to stop ruminating is through exposure and response prevention it involves exposing yourself to those things those triggers that cause anxiety or even the obsessions and you also prevent yourself from engaging in any safety behaviors or compulsive behaviors this helps break the cycle of anxiety and OCD allowing you to move forward so here's where you start first recognize what you're even ruminating about write them all down put them in three categories past present future then we take each one and you identify if you have control over it I would bet you the thing you're fearing or ruminating about is something you have zero control over whether it's already happened or it's something that could happen which takes us to the next Point why are we thinking about something we have zero control over well because our brain has a hard time accepting that we have zero control over it cuz that's the brain's job but we need to give it a new job we're not giving that any power anymore when your brain is thinking thinking thinking instead we're going to see if it's on this list that you've created and you're going to give various responses you know that could happen sure hey thanks for that totally I love that you came back to my mind today sweet even during this test that I'm taking that's awesome hey right in the morning love it when you get here in the morning we're kind of messing with the brain a little bit because when you agree with it you're like yeah man hope it happens huh what what a cool thought I want more of those please come back no come back come back I'm so glad I said something embarrassing I'm going to do it again the brain's like what are you doing I'm warning you you're in danger that's why I keep thinking about it what really ends up happening is that you're teaching your brain that the thought it wants you to keep problem solving that you have no control over is useless or the thing you're ruminating that happened in the past you still have no control over is useless so saying all these thoughts that means you want it to happen no no no the body even produces feelings of guilt and shame just because you like haven't figured it out yet it's like don't defy me some suggest that to stop ruminating you allow yourself to accept that you're ruminating let the thoughts be don't move them don't answer them don't control them don't do any of the things I just said let them be different things work for different people this is taking the mindfulness approach let me set timers throughout the entire day to take a moment to have a thought and practice not putting any judgment on them and it might be like 30 timers a day if the thought keeps coming we welcome it let it be your buddy the more we push it the more it pushes back think of how your brain is really just trying to protect you but it's really doing a poor job so there's those two approaches literally do nothing or respond to it as if you just don't care you might figure out which one works best for you think about your thoughts as a time machine and it can take you to the Future when you ruminate you're using a time machine to travel to the future but it hasn't even happened yet you're Imagining the worst case scenario the problem is you don't actually have a time machine and you can't predict the future so by focusing on the present moment you can break the cycle of rumination and anxiety your brain's tricking you to think that you have a time machine but you don't it's important to remember that rumination is not problem solving when we ruminate we're not actually finding Solutions we're just replaying it over and over and over in our minds this can lead to feelings of hopelessness Despair and it makes it difficult to move forward so what do you have control over oh I can go go play a video game right now I can go have fun with my friends I can go on a walk things that are tangible that's where we want to live rumination can feel so automatic at times which is why we have these mindsets and tools and we set up these timers to be like you know I'm going to find you before you find me we tend to believe that pushing a thought away is the smartest thing to do or to avoid it I hear it all the time on TV shows and movies and life but what happens when we say think about something else do something else we've just flagged this as important so when we flag something important it's going to keep coming back we don't need it let's give it a different tag doesn't matter if there's a th thoughts 10,000 thoughts a day they actually do start slowing down when we're just not giving it anything so at the beginning when I said stop your thoughts it's not literally stopping your thoughts it's changing your relationship with these allowing them to reduce all on their own some people thoughts do stop they just don't really have these negative thoughts as often but everyone's going to have them so it's not 100% % I do want to help you on your journey to recovery which is why I created my stepbystep course master your OCD I'm going to link that down in the description if you found this video helpful please give it a thumbs up and subscribe for more mental health tips woo this is the place you need to be You Are Not Alone also in the comments tell me what you ruminate about are there things your brain just will not let go thank you so much for watching and I we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @ocdandanxiety [96 likes]: What thoughts do you have that just won't stop?
  2. @Vanshika-16lvs [2 likes]: Anyone who came to know about manifestation and technics while having anxiety and ocd ..it just made my brain out of my control and the thoughts ruminate more than before?🙃
  3. @DrummerJacob [2 likes]: Its weird how hard youre smiling while saying things that arent smiley.
  4. @fabianjr.9792 [1 likes]: idk if my thoughts are real or fake anymore, it tells me about suicide and i got all anxious and adrenaline rushed like crazy it felt like i was going to do it tho i was laying in bed, someone help im scared for myself
  5. @HateCultRitual: I ruminating over severe trauma that I underwent unfortunately
  6. @TR2279-h8i: Health anxiety/ cancer
  7. @abbasmadi3317: Like i continuosly talk in my mind creating my own thoughts non stop
  8. @connorsnickers1: I’ve been stuck on thoughts about existence and reality, questions I can’t answer, questions there are no answers to. Like death, what comes after, what’s the actual meaning of life, and so much more. And since there is no answer, it just loops, over and over and over. It makes me question reality, and lately what’s even real. I feel like I’m going crazy.
  9. @steelsith2579: Is rumination another form of spiraling?  I struggle with spiraling and I make terrible decisions because of it.

My marriage is literally fractured because of it
  10. @forestshade9451: My son has got some not so good symptoms and he will have blood tests and scans... I am a gone case right now... although I can see he is good in himself, I think of worst with minimum symptoms!... so useless

Your time machine alanolgy will help i think... before I think I will start with 'I will sit in a time machine....'
Thankyou ❤
  11. @pinky1494: One of my most painful ruminations is when I haven't heard from my partner for over 4-6 hours or so (during a normal time he'd respond), I start worst case scenario-ing. I always think he's gotten into a car wreck and his family is too caught up in the stress of it all to reach out to me. It's hard because the one thing I feel in control of is my phone, but the longer time spans without hearing from him, the more I panic and can't sleep.
  12. @terminator04201989: I have a big fear of death. Lately I been fearing a scenario of me dying suddenly from a heart attack and it's causing me stress non stop. Can anyone help me. I see a therapist and take medicine but it seems like it isn't helping. Please someone talk to me
  13. @suburbanartistry: Yesterday I saw a man and his dog in trouble only I didn't know they were in danger right away so I was slow to call for help. And now I keep seeing that image over and over especially trying to sleep and worrying about the result. It's right that my mind isn't finding solutions. It's like staring at the same 2 photos back and forth. It's hard but I'll try those responses.
  14. @heyyoloshiney: I wish I was 15 mins early that day I not done that terrible mistake that I regret & ruminate today. Missed a big opportunity & still regretting for it. Or atleast wish circumstances were right 3 days b4 that day. Lost both chances.
  15. @missdhara6434: I am happy now that I know other people do this too. I thought it was just me and I was crazy
  16. @BAZLET: I do it at work. At school in social events.. all the time.. everything. Everywhere
  17. @maganera94: I keep ruminating about career choices, I have contamination ocd and been stuck in a healthcare job during my 3 year degree which fuelled the ocd and made it catastrophic. Now I finished uni and any career that comes to mind, the ocd has already it’s triggers ready and I can’t make up my mind on what to do. So I wake up during the night and can’t go back to sleep as I have to problem solve and decide, only I cannot decide. But how do you do EPR to that please?
  18. @SaladToes28: My ruminations revolve around the fact that I have no control over the things that I have no control over.
  19. @steveteska7909: I like it that as soon as I get done watching this…An Ad comes on YouTube,  talking about retirement & that we’re basically F’ed.     LOL
  20. @lacyrivera9412: Please someone answer my question. How do I do exposure therapy with a thought I've already had? For instance I started to think well you're going to start feeling very very irritated again soon and this time it will be worse. Then I freak out about it. 😭😭 I need help 😭

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [64 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  3. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  4. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  5. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  6. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  7. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??
  8. @kavithashekar8751: This was killer. Thank you very much!!!!
  9. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لاتوجد دبلجه بلغة العربية
  11. @thee.zaraa0: Hey can someone explain me 4th point i cant understand
  12. @princessriley3335: Statistics
  13. @Gregorymalcollm: Cara que legal, vou continuar te acompanhando e te conheci por esse vídeo e me identifiquei demais com o jeito que você se organiza porque eu sou assim também muito obrigado❤
  14. @Vexus_Blox: 6:21
  15. @Krishbusinessinsight: Thanks bro ❤
  16. @AdviserLK: Thank you mate, your content has really helped me out
  17. @AweakanStar: omg thank you i watched a lot of viedeos but you are differnt you helped me a lot
  18. @Banana_025: Top😊
  19. @donathewriter: Hey is this guy AI ?
  20. @XanderBelarmino: Also the hand gestures has effects

- 7 TikTok Hooks That Actually Make You Go Viral (Copy These): Kind: captions Language: en On Tik Tok, the first 3 seconds decide everything. You see, I used to think the platform was random. Some videos blew up, some flopped. But then I realized it all came down to the hook. The first 3 seconds decide whether you get ignored or you go viral. And here's the good news. Right now, it's a level playing field. Whoever knows how to open a video the right way is going to win. I've been able to pick up on this after years of breaking down viral Tik Toks, running accounts that scaled to millions of followers, and consulting for brands that went from zero views to millions of dollars in sales. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through the seven Tik Tok hooks that are converting right now. Each with a structure, real examples, and the psychology behind why it works. The first hook style that I've seen across every account I've touched is what I call the pattern interrupt. This is when you open a video with something so unexpected that people literally can't help but stop scrolling. It's that shock factor. And look, on Tik Tok, shock doesn't have to mean anything extreme. It just has to break the rhythm of what people are used to seeing. For example, your teacher lied to you about success. If you're still using Google Docs, you're behind. I've spent $10,000 just to test this one idea. Now, here is why it works. The human brain is wired to notice when something doesn't match the pattern. It's the same reason if you're in a quiet room and someone drops a glass, you instantly snap to attention or why a neon sign stands out in the middle of a dark street. On Tik Tok, you have 3 seconds to win the scroll. 3 seconds. And the pattern interrupt is one of the fastest ways to do that. But here is the mistake that most people make. They try to be shocking for the sake of it. They'll say something wild, but that has nothing to do with the rest of the video. And when that happens, the viewer feels tricked and they swipe even faster. The key here is interrupt the pattern, but do it in a way that directly connects to your content. Let me give you a practical example. Let's say you're in the fitness niche. If you start with, here's a workout you can try, you've already lost. Nobody cares, right? However, if you start with stop doing crunches, they're ruining your abs. Now you've got my attention. Why? Because that single line forces people to stop and rethink what they thought they knew. That curiosity pulls them in to the next 10 seconds. People are wired to protect their beliefs. So when you challenge one in the very first line, you create this mental itch that they need to scratch. They literally can't swipe until they get the answer. So here is the formula you can steal. Take a belief and flip it upside down. State it as a bold fact in the very first sentence. That's it. Just drop the line. Let the curiosity do the heavy lifting, then pay it off in the body of your video. And when you do this right, you're buying yourself the next 10 seconds of watch time. And we all know that 10 seconds are usually the difference between a flop and a viral Tik Tok. The second hook style that has consistently worked for me and thousands of other creators is the list formats. Numbers make people stay. That's why countdowns, top five lists, or three things you didn't know still dominate Tik Tok. Take my underrated website series. I've literally built millions of followers off of the exact same structure. Three websites you didn't know existed. That one line has generated tens of millions of views because it's so simple yet so sticky. Here is why. Every number you say creates a mini promise. If you say three website you didn't know exist, the viewer's brain immediately says, "Okay, let me watch the first one. All right, now that I've seen the first, let me just watch the second and I might as well watch the third." while I'm at it. Right? It's like a mental checklist. Once you've tik tock the first, you feel incomplete until you've ticked them all. And the best part is this format is completely repeatable. You don't need to reinvent the wheel every time. I've seen this walk in education, fitness, finance, even cooking. Five shoulders exercise that you're not doing yet. Three body hacks that no one is talking about. Top five foods to boost your energy. It works because humans naturally want to complete lists. If you open with a number, you've already created a contract in the viewer's mind. They feel unfinished until they watch until the end. Now, the usual mistake most beginners make is they'll say top five tips and then the first one is boring. If you don't land your first punch, you've already lost. The first item has to be the strongest because this is what convinces your audience to keep going. So, here is the formula that you can steal for this list format. Start with a clear number. three ways, five tips, top seven mistake, and then you frontload your best example fast. You want to keep each item short and punchy so the pacing matches the attention span. Obviously, you want to pay off on the promise. So, if you say three things, you want to give the three things. You don't want to bait and switch. But this style works because it's predictable for you as a content creator and unpredictable for the viewers. They never know what's coming next. And the only way to find out is to keep watching. And look, quick side note before we move on. If you're a brand or a creator and you just want the framework that actually has helped me and my team to build a system that drives millions of views and customers on Tik Tok, there's a link down below that you can apply to work directly with us. The third hook style that has worked insanely well on Tik Tok is what I call the curiosity gap. Instead of giving people the answer right away, you tease it. You leave just enough information on the table so that they stick around to close the loop. For example, this one website replaced a $200 software I was using. The secret Shopify feature that crashed my store overnight. I paid $500 for advice and this one sentence made it all worth it. Do you notice what's happening here? You've already delivered the context. Software, Shopify, business advice, but the payoff is missing. So, the viewer knows something is coming, but that tension is what makes them stay. This is the same psychology that drives cliffhers on Netflix shows. The episode ends, the loop is open, and suddenly it's 3:00 a.m. and you've watched six episodes. The human brain literally hates unfinished information. It feels like an itch that needs to be scratched. And on Tik Tok, that itch is gold because every second that someone spends watching you to close that loop, that increases your watch time. And watch time is what feeds the algorithm. Now, here's the catch. If you drag people for too long, they'll end up swiping. If you tease something incredible but you underd deliver, you lose their trust. So balance is everything, right? So here is how I like to structure the curiosity hook. You set the stage, give the viewers a little context so they know the topic. Example, the Shopify feature, the free website, $500 advice. Then you tease the payoff. You can hint at something surprising, valuable, or unusual. For example, crashed my store, replaced the $200 software, one sentence that made it worth it. And finally, you delay the reveal. So you don't give the answer right away, but you deliver on it within five to 15 seconds so the tension doesn't break. And the mistake I see all the time is people open the loop, but then wander. They ramble. They add fluff before the reveal. On Tik Tok, that kills you. Your job is to keep the suspense high and pay it off quickly. Let me give you a practical example. Let's say you're in fitness. Again, instead of saying, "This is the best exercise for abs," try this. This exercise is more effective for your abs than crunches, and you've probably never done it. Instantly, the viewer needs to know what's the exercise, and that earns you the next 10 seconds. When you master the curiosity gap, you actually create momentum because when the reveal finally lands, people feel satisfied, and that satisfaction makes them watch your next video, too. One of the simplest yet most powerful hook style is just asking a question. It might sound almost too basic, but it works because you are literally meeting people what their brain already is. You're voicing the exact thing that they are already thinking or searching for. Examples: How do you actually grow on TikTok without dancing? What are the best side hustles to start in 2025? Why do most drop shipping stores fail in that first 3 months? When you open with a question, the psychology flips. Instead of pushing the information, you're pulling the viewer into a conversation. their brain can't help but answer in real time, even if it's just subconsciously. The beauty of this is that you don't have to guess what questions to ask. Tik Tok literally hands them to you. Just type the keywords in the Tik Tok search bar and look for the autocomplete suggestions. You can also use tools like answerthepub.com to see what people are typing on Google. Or you can also just scroll on your own comment section and your audience in there are already leaving questions about the pain points that they have. So, just answer those. Now, here is the trick. The best question hooks are specific, not vague. Here's an example of a bad one. Want to make money online? And a good one. Want to make $500 this weekend without touching Shopify? The second one hits because it narrows the scope, paints a clear outcome, and speak to a real curiosity that people have. Another pro tip, questions also work insanely well when you already know the answer is unexpected. For example, can you actually grow on Tik Tok without posting every day? Everyone assumes that the answer is no. So, the curiosity to hear you break this down skyrockets. The formula looks like this. Find the question that your audience is already asking. Say it word for word at the opening line. And then you answer it quickly, but in the way that flips their expectations. This hook is so effective because it doesn't feel like an ad or even like content. It feels like you're giving help, like a friend. giving you the answer that you've been googling for hours. If you're ever stuck on an idea, this is the fastest way to generate 10, 20, even 50 Tik Tok hooks in a single afternoon. Just collect real questions, then record straight to camera your answer, and you've got content that people actually want to see. One of the most underrated ways to hook people into a Tik Tok is by starting with a frustration that they are already living through. Because here is the truth. When someone feels seen, they instantly pay attention. You don't even need to sell them. Just naming their pain creates empathy. Have you ever spent 3 hours editing a video and it only gets 200 views? How do you get out of the 200 view cycle? You're posting daily, but nothing is working right. You've tried five different side hustles and none of them are making you more than $100. When you open with this type of line, the viewer leans in because it feels personal. It's just like you're reading their mind. And now they have to stick around because if you understand the problem that they have, you might have the solution. Psychologically, this works because humans are wired to pay more attention to pain rather than pleasure. Losing $100 hurts more than winning $100. And that same bias shows up in content. Pain hooks cut through stronger than anything else. But, and this is the key, you're not just steering up negativity. The goal isn't to make your audience miserable. The goal is to build trust. You're saying, "I get it. I've been there, too, and I can help you get out of it." So, here is the formula I use. I call out the pain by naming something specific that my audience feels on a daily basis. Then, I twist the knife just enough by exaggerating the frustration so they feel this instantly. And finally, I offer the promise of relief by transitioning my video into here is how to fix it. And you can use this across any niche. Fitness. You've already been going to the gym for months and scale hasn't moved, right? Finance. You're saving money in your bank account, but that account never seems to grow. Productivity. Your to-do list is full, but you still feel like you've got nothing done today. This hook style is especially powerful because it doesn't just grab attention, it grabs the right type of attention. You're literally filtering people who feel that exact pain and want your exact solution. Sometimes the fastest way to grab attention is to say something so strong, so confident that people can't ignore. That's what I call the bold claim. Examples: This AI tool will replace 90% of copyriters. If you're still running Facebook ads like it's 2022, you're burning money. Drop shipping is dead unless you do this one thing. You see how each one of them almost feel like a challenge. Viewers instantly think, "Wait, what? Is that true?" Prove it. And that's the exact reaction that you want. Curiosity mixed with a little skepticism. Human brains are trained to notice things that break certainty. A bold claim feels like a violation of what they thought they knew. So, we need to resolve that tension. Either we agree or we disagree or we watch to find out. But either way, we're locked in. Now, there's a fine line between a bold claim and just clickbait. The difference is whether you can actually back it up. If you say, "This Shopify hack doubled my sales overnight," you better show some proof. Otherwise, you lose the trust instantly. The formula looks like this. You lead with confidence. You drop the claim up front in plain English. Make it polarizing so you attract enough people and they want to argue with you. And then you back it up fast, showing some evidence, case studies, or personal story. And here's the beauty. You don't need to invent any crazy claims. Just frame the truth more powerfully. So instead of saying AI can help you with copywriting, say AI makes human copywriters obsolete. The core idea is the same, but the hook feels 10 times stronger. The goal isn't just shock value, it's positioning. A bold claim establishes authority. You're showing up as someone who knows, someone with an insight that the average person doesn't have. And that authority is what keeps people watching past the hook. So, if you're confident in your knowledge and you've got proof to back it up, this is one of the most powerful hooks that you can use to dominate attention. Humans are wired for stories. Before social media, before books, before even writing, people learn through storytelling. And that psychology hasn't changed. If you can open a Tik Tok like the beginning of a story, people will stay to hear the ending. I accidentally crashed a Shopify store in one night. When I was 19, I made the dumbest mistake with $10,000. This student went from zero to $5,000 in 30 days, but what happened in week two shocked me. You see what's happening? Each one plants a seed. The viewer doesn't know the ending yet. And that creates an open loop. Their brain starts asking, "What happened next? How does this end?" And the only way to close that loop is again to keep watching. It's the same reason you can't ignore a half-written text bubble. That little dot dot dot leaves your brain hanging until you see the full message. So, here's the formula for story tease. You start in the middle of the action. I was $20,000 in debt when dot dot dot or my ad account got banned yesterday dot dot dot. You hint at the outcome, but you don't reveal it. What happened next shocked me. Then you transition into the lesson or the value. The story is the setup, but your insight is the payoff. Now, here's the key. The story tease isn't about virality. It's about depth. It builds a connection. For instance, nobody remembers the exact statistics of Michael Jordan's career. They remember the story Nike told with the jump pan, right? That story sold more shoes than any number ever could. And those are the seven Tik Tok hooks that are converting right now. And here's the thing, none of them are theoretical. These are the exact frameworks that I have used to grow Tik Tok accounts from zero to millions of followers and the same ones I've taught to brands spending multiple six or seven figures a month on Tik Tok ads. But remember, a hook is just the start. Winning the first 3 seconds is like opening the door. If what's behind the door isn't valuable, people will leave. The real game is building a system where every hook flows into engaging content. Every piece of content compounds into growth. Now, if you're a brand or a content creator and you want me to personally help you build this system, there's a link down below where you can apply to work with me directly. Also, if you found this video valuable and you want the full system instead of just one piece of it, click right here on the screen and watch the full masterass. It's completely free and it will give you a much deeper understanding of how you can actually scale an account on Tik Tok in 2025.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProsperDigitalz [4 likes]: Almost a month now my TikTok is not getting views again since I hit 1k followers 😢
  2. @medalh4281 [3 likes]: this is life changing men thanks alot
  3. @JesusOsuna08 [2 likes]: Bro used Hook Format #2 for this vid. Good stuff!
  4. @itsrebeccaf [2 likes]: More people need to watch this video! Such good examples and tips!
  5. @culturenumbers [2 likes]: Great video! Thank for the input!
  6. @GinquelLimitless [1 likes]: great hooks example
  7. @SiatwiindaPeter [1 likes]: can these hooks work in any niche
  8. @AyoubeDigit [1 likes]: a il est francais lui
  9. @GavLar1876: Thank you I’m definitely going to try this next time 🎉
  10. @spinstreettv: great videooo.I love your content so much
  11. @maixent_mm: Feels like listening to Brendan Kane.
  12. @rickc.3552: This video is 6 months old with 9600 views 🧐🤨
  13. @UltraMindMotivation-f7d: He used the second hook here on YouTube

7 tictock..... 😮
Great
I'll apply that
  14. @einarkuningas2196: These are some wild ideas lol gonna totally use them. And hey, nothing wrong in using Famester to give those ideas a little boost right?
  15. @charlottedankworth3705: These hooks are gold. Guess I'll just invent some niche now and use Famester to promote it. Easy peasy.
  16. @AndersCastillo-o4j: This is super helpful! I always wondered how to grab attention on TikTok. If you're looking to boost your social media presence, Famester is a good way to get some extra engagement. Thanks for sharing these hooks!
  17. @jakobweidner752: great video! :) the way of editing videos, shocked everyone... 
pls tell me how you do it. looks very cool and id like to adapt it somehow. greetings
  18. @nos3bl33dgg: 💪💪💪💪
  19. @SeanDiscoversTV: great videooooo
  20. @raefan22: 67

- I Studied 1,000+ YouTube Hooks, Here's What Gets 70%+ Retention: Kind: captions Language: en A killer YouTube video is built by 3C formula. Crazy hook, credibility stack, and content preview. Today we're talking about crazy hook. Crazy hook is the first thing a person sees after clicking on a video. Mastering the crazy hook is what changed my retention from this to this. You know, I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up for so long because so many gurus on the internet are telling you different things. Some of them say, "Get yourself an aesthetic background." Others say, "Don't you worry about the background." Some say just edit your videos so they are faster paced. The others say, "Okay, then why are so many unedited videos going viral? Don't edit." And the thing is, all of this works, but only if you are either here or here. After analyzing thousands of hooks, I've seen that both bad backgrounds are going viral and super good backgrounds going viral. The middle ones, h not so much. Heavy editing in the beginning gets views and absolutely no editing in the hook gets views. If you're somewhere in the middle, uh, probably not that viral. Both bold statements, the old way of creating content is dead, >> and boring statements. In this video, I'm going to answer >> go viral and the ones that are in the middle, five out of 10 on the boldness scale, just average. Then both a lot of B- rolls in the hook and absolutely no B-roll in the hook are doing well on YouTube. If you get something in the middle, it loses the pace. And when I was listening to all of that advice and was applying it to my channel without knowing why exactly everything works, I was that person in the middle who's not sure what's going on and pretty overwhelmed about how to make a killer hook. Like in this video for example, I was told that screen sharing the document for my types of videos are going to do super well. So I started to do that and it killed my retention. But for some people it works like crazy. And then I realized this is not about screen share or not screen share background or not background heavy editing or minimal editing bureau or no B- rolls. This is about what causes that initial stare. You know when you see a handsome guy in the gym you're like you can't help but you look at them. They managed to provoke that initial stare that hooked your eyes. So, as with that guy, most of the guys are average, but you saw that wonderful, handsome guy, and you couldn't stop staring at them. And that's because they are beauty is the pattern interrupt. Pattern interrupt is the difference between what people commonly see and what they've never seen before. Now, listen closely because I'm going to show you the viral hook pattern that are working right now. And I do suggest using them as soon as possible because even though pattern interrupts are a cheat code, they tend to get fatigued. People start seeing them over and over again and they stop being pattern interrupt. So, these are the ones that are working right now. Let's go. A ton of B-rolls, especially if they describe people's pain. Pro tip, don't use stock generic B-roll. Just use yours. Take one filming session to record all the B- rolls that might be applicable for your niche and use those B- rolls with every single video. A recognizable object or logo behind your back. Actually, everything behind you is doing good for the hook, but especially if it's recognizable. Getting straight to it, like absence of the hook is one of the best hooks. Unexpected object in the frame. We know how well it works for the short form, but it's the same thing for long form. Present an object like a balloon, a cup, a pen, whatever. A microphone actually works too. Blurred content preview. This one's really simple and really amazing. So, blur the stops, the points that you're going to discuss in the video, and this way you'll build curiosity. Famous people's or brands. This is one of the best viral patterns to show something recognizable, whether these are people or some logos of big companies. Interactive captions. Compare. These are normal captions and these are interactive captions. So, as you can see, they help you guide your eyes, but they're also not very boring that people just give up reading them. And one of the best things is when you combine several of those viral hook patterns in one hook. So, here I told you what to do, but it will still not work if you're doing these mistakes. So, let's check what we shouldn't do in the hook. First, heavy editing. It died in 2016, and it's time to forget about it. Deep breaths and long pauses. Most of us were taught that we earn rest later. >> So if you're listening to me and they are okay throughout the video, but for the hook, it's got to be more punchy and more faster paced. Zoom calls. If your video starts with just two guests of a Zoom call, this is an immediate turnoff. The next one is really disrespectful. Do not start your video with a long explanation of welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to be talking about types of statements. Here are some really bad examples. Don't repeat them. Today I am joined by Daryl Vander. >> Welcome to the podcast today. Hey guys, welcome back to the channel. >> That's one of my favorite logo animations or like intro breaks with your, you know, branded animation. >> Hello everyone. Then no person hooks. If you're just showing a B-roll without yourself or some graphs, this is not engaging enough. People need people and that's why show yourself in the hook most of the time. The next one is what I call me me hook. when you start your video from I am this, this, and that, and I've been thinking to record this video, and my whole life I've been interested in blah blah blah. Unless it's like a couple sentences of credibility, what you've achieved in terms of this topic, don't do that, please. Here are some really bad examples. >> My name is Colin and I just crossed over into my 40s. >> This is my first video. Um, >> but you know, before you even think about the hook, you've got to pick the right idea. If the idea matches the hook, boom, you got the really juicy retention graph. Because no matter how good of a hooker you are, if you've chosen a topic only two people are interested in, it will not work and it will not grow your channel. So, if you want to elaborate a great idea and package it into the winning title, then download my 100 viral title templates. I think it's an amazing dog. I myself use it pretty much every day. So, grab it by the link in the description. And if you are a business owner and you want to grow and sell on YouTube, then there's also a link in the description for you to book a call. Otherwise, I'll see you in this

  Top Comments:
  1. @littlenestliving [1 likes]: Really good advice, thanks!
  2. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Nice framing. I’d focus on one clean hook pattern per video so creators can test it fast — the simpler the promise, the easier it is to improve retention.
  3. @yashhbansal: Writen down all the points ☺

- How to Create a Killer Hook (Impossible to Skip): Kind: captions Language: en If you want your videos to perform better, you have to learn how to craft a winning hook. Now, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out when it comes to hooks, most people struggle with the same four things. And the good news is these are all very fixable if you know what to look for. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of those things down. The core mistakes you're making, and the exact tactics for how you can fix them immediately. By the way, I know this works because content is all I do all day long. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And I've grown two separate personal brands in two different spaces. So, if you use this video as a checklist when you're making hooks, I guarantee you will get more views and your videos will be impossible to skip. All right, the first hook mistake is a big one. It's called single subject, single question. It's actually very simple. In order for a hook to work, it only needs to do two things. One, it needs to focus the viewer's attention on a single topic. And two, it has to plant the same question in every viewer's head. If you have 50,000 people watch a video, the goal is that after the hook, all 50,000 of them are aligned and curious about the same thing. For example, if I started a video like this, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. Is that a compelling hook? Well, first, what do you think the subject of the video is going to be based on that sentence? Most people would say it's going to be about the ways I grew, some growth tips or lessons learned, but it's a bit vague and unclear. Some might think I meant mindset growth. Others might think I meant business [music] growth. Even others might think I meant literal muscle growth or even YouTube growth. And see that is a huge problem in lack of clarity because the way I wrote that assumed you would know what type of growth I meant. When you write hooks, you cannot assume the viewer has any embedded information before watching the video. And that is a huge mistake I see people make. If the set of yours is fragmented in what their understanding of the topic is, then a lot of them are going to be really confused when the next sentence you say doesn't connect to the previous one. And that confusion is really why viewers don't hook and they churn. They don't churn because they don't like you. They churn because the story you start telling stops making sense and they can't follow it. And so the lesson is the way you write the first couple sentences in the hook has to be unmistakably clear and focused on a single subject. Now, the other piece of this is the question that pops in the viewer's head after they hear your hook. Cuz we all know hooks are supposed to create curiosity, right? Well, the best hooks plants the same question in every viewer's mind. So, if we go back to the original example, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. What question pops in your mind after hearing that? Well, some might say, what are the three ways? I'm ready to hear them. Others might say, grew how? What exactly are you talking about when you say growth? And even others might say, who is this guy? Why should I care how he grew? Is that going to relate or help me at all? That's three different questions popping up in different viewers' minds, which means there are three different curiosity paths that viewers are going down. And again, twothirds of them are going to be confused when the next sentence doesn't connect. This lack of clarity in the subject and the curiosity is why your hooks are not hooking. Okay, so now I'm going to tell you how to solve for this. Imagine I wrote that example hook like this. These are the three best methods for business owners to grow faster on YouTube. Now, the subject is unmistakably clear. the methods for how business owners are going to grow on YouTube. And there's only one main question that should be in everyone's mind when they hear that. What are the methods? I'm ready to hear them. Tell me. See, by adding that clarity, we've narrowed the focus onto a single subject and a single question, which gets everybody on the same page for when we continue to tell the story from here. So, when I start the next sentence, everybody is following along. And I know this seems pretty basic, but like I said, this is the number one problem that the most people struggle with in all the videos that I've reviewed. people just are not clear enough in the way they frame their hooks. So, what are the specific tactics that you should use as a checklist when you're writing your hooks to make sure you're achieving this single subject, single question framework? For one, read the hook back after you write it and ask yourself this. Is it possible for someone to misunderstand the subject that I'm focused on? And once you're good with that, ask yourself, what question should pop in the viewer's mind based on hearing this sentence? The question should be something shock inducing that makes the viewer lean in. something like, "How is this possible? Is this real? Can you tell me more? I can't believe that. Is it true?" If you can't immediately identify what single question a viewer should have in their mind, then you need to rewrite the hook and go again. Now, one cheat code for accomplishing both of these things, the subject and question at the same time, is to just use a question hook. Literally ask the question in the hook that you want to plant in their mind. So, you might say something like, "How can a business owner grow on YouTube without spending 40 hours per week?" This achieves both the subject and question clarity at the same time. Now, the other way, if you don't want to ask the question literally, is to just study what the pros in your niche have already been successful with. Cuz here's the dirty little secret about social media. All the big people are copying everybody else, and all the small people are copying all the big people. They look at what works, they extract out the pattern, and then they remix it to make it work for their topic. And you can poo poo that all you want, but this is what all the top people are doing. So, if you want a faster way to figure out what hook structures have already worked in your niche, so you don't have to worry about misaligning on the subject in question, just use sandcastles.ai. That's literally why I built it. You can build a list of all the creators in your niche, look at all their top performing videos and the hooks for those videos, save those hooks as templates into the vault, and then reuse those templates when you're writing new scripts. It couldn't be easier. Either way, whether you use sand castles or not, you got to get to a single subject, single question clarity in your hook or it's [music] not going to hook. All right, hook mistake number two is the three hook misalignment. And you may have heard this before cuz I kind of pioneered it, but there's three types of hooks. The visual hook is what is shown on the screen. The spoken hook is what is said verbally by the creator, and the text hook is the text that's written on top of the visuals. If those three hook components are not perfectly aligned, the viewer is going to get confused and churn. For example, if I say, "There are three methods for brushing your teeth that will prevent cavities." But then I show you a visual of somebody eating candy. And then the text reads, "Gum health secrets revealed." Those three things seem like they're similar, but they're actually a little misaligned. One of them suggests brushing teeth, one of them suggests eating candy, and one of them suggests gum health. Now, most viewers could probably figure out how those three things go together if given enough time. But the problem is, as they're thinking through it, they're missing what you're saying. So, they're getting confused. Misalignment confuses the viewer because it makes them freeze, miss things, and then not know where the story has gone. So, above all else, you have to audit these three pieces in your hook and make sure they're aligned. And the tactical thing is just ask yourself this. Do all three of my hook components mean the same thing? If not, fix that immediately. Also, if you're not using text hooks, like you're not putting title text in addition to the caption in the first couple seconds, you really should be because it's way harder to get someone to understand what you mean with just two elements than it is with all three. So that is a surface area you must be using. Okay, let me just quickly show you an example of good and bad hook alignment. Watch the hook for this first video that I made a few weeks ago. This is the future of home design. Now if we analyze this for the first sentence, my spoken hook was this is the future of home design. My visual hook was a home being designed and my text hook was future of home design. See how those are literally perfectly aligned. Let's go to the second sentence. It's called Zuru. My spoken hook was it's called Zuru. My visual hook was literally a visual that said the word Zuru. And in this case, I didn't have a text hook because I didn't extend it to the second sentence. Let's go to the third sentence. And their AI software makes building your dream house [music] feel like you're playing a video game. My spoken hook was and their AI feel like you're playing a video game. My visual hook was videos of someone designing a house that looked like they were playing a video game. And in this case, I also didn't have a text hook cuz it didn't extend to the third sentence. You see how that video has perfect alignment across the three pieces. And because of that, you are perfectly clear on the subject, some futuristic home design software, and you're perfectly clear on the question that should pop in your mind. How does it work? That video got 2 million views. Certified banger, and it all works because the hook was perfectly aligned. Now, here's an example of bad hook alignment. And I'll just do a one sentence hook this time. Check this out. This company is sending shipping containers into space. My spoken hook was, "This company is sending shipping containers into space." My visual hook was a compilation of moon bases being built and some rockets. And my text hook was space cannons are so insane. Without playing it any further, can you assess what the subject of the video is going to be? Well, I said shipping containers. I showed spaceships. And I said space cannons. So, it's kind of not clear where I'm going next. And then for the question that should pop in your mind, it could be a number of things. What are space cannons? What does this have to do with space at all? Is this a real thing or some sci-fi thing? because it's not clear, the questions aren't clear, and you can see it's just not as crystal clear as the first one. It's still a cool idea, but because the hook alignment was off, [music] the clarity was off, and the hook did not retain. This small thing is the difference between 50,000 views and 5 million views. All right, hook mistake number three is that your visuals in the visual hook are not unique enough. They're just not popping off the page. Now, this doesn't mean you need more chaotic motion that makes no sense. What you need is visuals that contrast against what people typically see. If you look at your videos amongst a sea of others in your category, do you have enough visual differentiation to separate yours in the first 2 seconds? Because before a viewer can try to understand your video, they have to lift up their thumb and let it play in the first place. So getting these first couple seconds of visuals right is super critical. I call these scroll stopping visuals. Now, there are four main ways that you can upgrade your visuals to create this scroll stop effect. Number one is to use an attractive or unique-looking person. Number two is to use a recognizable person or subject. Maybe it's a celebrity, a brand logo people recognize, something where you can build relevance quickly. Number three is to use atypical visuals that contrast against what you typically see in your category. And number four is to use an atypical visual format or layout. The truth is, people need some kind of visual eye candy to stun them into initially giving your video a chance. It's crazy to say, but in 2026, people are going to be watching hundreds, if not thousands of videos per session, per day. And so, their brain is just tuned to filter out the normal stuff they always see. So, you need to figure out how to cut through visually. Now, one thing you can do is to improve your set or in world shots. These would be a-roll adjustments, the footage where the creator, you talking to the camera. You could use a real set, a studio, or a green screen, but you need some visuals that are intentionally different from what they typically see on the feed. Using static photos or photo compilations on the green screen effect is probably the lowest lift way to create some sort of visual differentiation. Option two is that you could change your B-roll selection either by using popular clips, popular movies, popular TV shows, or some footage that you can find that is highquality and different from your category. Option three is that you could use AI to generate visuals. With Nano Banana Pro and the newest Veo models, AI tools have gotten to the point where you can create pretty solid, compelling looking visuals that don't clock as AI to the average viewer. Now, if you're hot and charismatic, you may not need to do any of this. You can just shoot it with just you and let that fly and it'll probably work. But if you don't want to rely solely on that, you need to use one of these visual stun gun techniques to have your visuals pop off the page to the average viewer. The reality is the content world now has a minimum viable visual requirement. And if your visuals do not cut through above that level, people will not stop and give them a chance. So, here's my tactical advice. When you're scrolling, because we all do it, make it a point to like and save any video where the visuals make you stop and lift your thumb off the scroll, even if it's not in your niche. Make a habit to build a collection or folder of these visual stuns that you can use as a reference that you might use later. Here's a few rapidfire examples for a couple people I've seen in the last couple weeks that felt like they pioneered a little bit of a new look on the visual hook on an old style. The first one is Jamie Ganon aka Tech Bimbo is what she goes by. In this shot, which I really like at the beginning, she frames herself in the bottom half and uses white walls and ceilings above that negative space as a canvas to show interesting visuals. This is a very unique way to use negative space that I haven't seen very often. Here's a similar example from Mark at Open Residency. He has some of the best podcast clips out there. They're doing the same thing. They have the podcast set and they're using that negative space above as a canvas for visuals. Now, I'm sure the arb on this is going to close after people see this video, but right now that is a sneaky great way to add visual differentiation in the hook on the feed. All right, here's another example from this guy Sam John Creates where he uses the top and bottom black frames slowly closing to create anticipation. your eye goes to it and you don't want to scroll away because you want to see what happens when it fully gets closed. That's a really great visual hack that I think he came up with. Here's another one from me. This didn't really work very well, but I tried to do this like Tony Stark Iron Man overlay on my glasses and then take the glasses off in 1 second and have that overlay go away. Just trying to add some visual eye candy to get people to stop. I don't think it was executed perfectly, but that was an attempt from me. Here's a pretty basic one, but I think it works really well. this green screen effect where this guy in the corner is doing the typical green screen, but he added this white outline, this thick white stroke around him. And for whatever reason, my eye went to that and I didn't scroll away cuz it looked different. Now, these are just a few random ones. I have dozens and dozens of these saved cuz I build this habit of trying to save and favorite any videos that pop my eye visually. The point is, there are lots of ways to make your hook visuals pop in the first couple seconds. But regardless of which you choose, you have to make them pop or you will lose. Again, the easiest way to solve for this, like most of these recommendations, is just to search for the top creators in your niche and watch a couple hundred of their videos collectively as a cohort. Try to train your eye to figure out what are the buckets visually that they're using that are working for their best performing videos and then replicate that as a beginner. You could do this process on sand castles looking at all of them in a cohort or just scroll individually on Instagram. It's more noise on Instagram, but you could do that, too. The more options your brain can ingest, the easier it'll be to build a visual database in your own head where you'll [music] start pattern matching a lot more quickly. All right, so far we've talked about three huge hook mistakes. The first one is making sure the words you're using in your spoken hook are super clear so that they dial in on a single subject and a single question in the viewer's mind. The second one is making sure that the spoken hook, text hook, and visual hook, those three components, are perfectly aligned. And the third one was walking through a bunch of ways to use your visual hook to stun the viewer and pop off the feed so you add some visual differentiation that makes them lift their thumb. Now, the last hook mistake number four is all about the data. And I've kind of alluded to this a little bit already. The goal for any business owner when you're making content is to derisk your reps. It's going to take a lot of volume to win in content either way. But if you can get your hook hit rate from 1 in 20 down to 1 in5, it will completely change the effectiveness of that process for lead genen. Now, the way to increase that hit rate is to derisk your effort. And by drisk, I mean having a higher probability chance of your content working. The way you increase that probability is to study what's already worked. If you're trying to come up with new hooks from scratch every single rep, you are playing the content game on hard mode. you're risking the rest of that effort on the video on your guess for what maybe could work on that hook. You just shouldn't play the game this way. The best predictor of future success for hooks on your channel is to study the other hooks that have already won on your channel. So, first before you do anything else, before you look at any other creators, I would go to Sandcastles, go to the videos tab, go to the channels filter, pull up your channel, sort by views or outlier score, and study your top performing videos and the hooks that you used. Now, most people would write these down on a note or some Excel or Google sheet. But in sand castles, you can just click save to vault and we will build a ready for you template on any hook in one click. Now, if you want, you can then export those templates. We just added this feature that exports button. Export those to Google Sheets. You could use in Claude or Chat or you could use them directly in our script writing experience. But either way, the fastest path to get winning hooks is to use the previous hooks that you've already won with and turn them into templates and then adjust and remix for your new video. If you want to derisk your effort, you have to be using winners. It is an absolute must. Imagine I handed you a paid ad that had worked in the past and I was like, I need you to get me more sales. Are you not going to run that paid ad until it's out of juice? No. You're going to run it to the ground. That's exactly what using your hook winners that have already worked would be. All right. All right. Now, if you don't have any hook winners yourself, you're a beginner or you haven't cracked the content for yourself, what you then want to do is look at other creators in your niche, ideally that are executing with the same visual format as you. You want to hold as many variables constant between them and you, and look for people that are small to midsize. You don't want to look at the biggest people in your space for inspiration because their personal brands are so big that a lot of their success is based on their familiarity, not necessarily their execution. If you find a small or medium-sized creator that has a breakout, it's because the hook structure or the topic was actually validated. And again, you can use Sand Castles to build out these lists of the small or medium creators and look at all of their stuff in aggregate or you can just scroll one-on-one in the apps. But I'm telling you, this is why I built Sand Castle. I'm trying to lay the rails for business owners that don't actually want to spend that much time making content to [music] speed up their datadriven efficiency in the content process. But once you build the cohort of the small to medium-sized creators in your niche, run the same process. Go in sand castles, go to the videos tab, filter by that watch list so you can see the full cohort, sort by views or outlier score, and just look and watch one by one by one and start to mine for the hook templates. You can click and save those into the vault as reusable templates, or you can export those and use them however you want. But you have to be studying proven data if you want to speed this process up. What I just described is typically as far as you need to go because by doing that, looking at your own winners and looking at the category winners, you'll find five to 10 hook formats that just perform well over and over. You don't really need to do anything else. Don't make this process harder than it has to be. The pros do not reinvent the wheel. They just recycle the stuff that's working. All right. Now, before I end this video, I want to share one more thing that I think will be super helpful, and that is my full hookw writing process. I use this exact mental checklist when I'm writing a new hook to make sure I hit on all the pieces that I just mentioned. And if you're a business owner, this is the real sauce. I've got a free community specifically only for business owners where I share a bunch of stuff like this checklist systems. We have 65 free trainings. It's called Wavy World. Again, completely free. We got an invite link below if you want to join. All right, here's the hookw writing checklist. Step one is to first pick the subject that you want the video to focus on. Get really crystal clear on this so you can build the hook around it. Step two, decide what question you want to pop in the viewer's head when they hear your hook. This should ideally be the most interesting possible question that would lead perfectly to the next part of your script. Typically, you want it to be an emotion inducing or shockdriven question. Step three is to have a sense for what the visual would be for the visual hook. You don't have to make it yet, but just have a sense, a clear vision of what that could be. This is kind of like YouTubers making the title and thumbnail at the beginning before making the video. If you just write the title and then you get to the end with no sense for the thumbnail, you might get trapped in an inability to execute visually. So, you want to think at this point, what could the visual hook be? Just have a rough sense [music] for that. Step four is to actually write the hook. And this is going to be the spoken hook that you say. It can be one to three sentences. I typically like to make my hooks two or three sentences cuz I like saying things twice in two different ways to make sure the clarity is clear. But if you can get it done in one sentence, perfect. If you need additional words or sentences to make sure the subject and question are clear, use them. Right? in a fifth grade vocabulary level. Write in active voice and be very punchy with the way you deliver. No extra words, no extra phrases that don't need to be there. If you're struggling with this, again, I sound like a broken record. We have a script writer in Sandcastle that'll just write it for you. It'll take the templates and write them for you perfectly succinct. So, you could use that if you want or use chat or claude. Step five, after writing the hook, you haven't made the visuals yet, but you've just written the hook, run the one subject, one question gut check and ask yourself these two questions. Does this hook unmistakably reference one subject? And two, does this hook unmistakably pop one single question in the viewer's mind? If those two things are not a resounding yes, go back to step four and rewrite it again. Step six is to actually make the visual hook in the edit, add the text hook on top of the visual, and then align it with the spoken hook. You should now have all three pieces executed in your editor. You want to do your absolute best to make that scroll stopping visual effect. If you're not great with visuals, you're not great editor, it's going to take time to get better at this, but you want to kind of gut check this against the field. Who else in your niche is doing this well and try to gauge your scroll stop ability compared to theirs. Step seven, last step. This is your last chance audit. Once you have the whole thing there, I want you to watch the hook again on your video. Answer these four questions. Am I clear on what the subject is supposed to be? Am I clear on what the question that's supposed to pop is? Are all three pieces perfectly aligned? Am I interested and curious enough to want to go to the second sentence? These are the fundamentals. If you nail these and you run that one through seven process, I guarantee your hooks will be better and you'll get more views. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four biggest hook mistakes that I see over and over people struggle with. If you watch this video, I guarantee your hooks will get better. Now, if you want to go even deeper on hooks, I've got two things for you. The first, I filmed a 2-hour in-depth master class live. We've got 40 pages of notes. We have a hook database with over 400 different templates and I went through a bunch of examples live in multiple niches. If you want to watch that hook master class, I've got a link below. The second thing is this video deep dive that I made on hooks is one of the most popular videos on hooks on all of YouTube. It has over 600,000 views. People loved it and there's so many comments about the transformation people had. So, I recommend if you like the hook's topic, you feel like you need improvement and this video was helpful but didn't fully close the loop, make sure to click this video and watch this one next cuz it will work really well as a compliment. As always guys, I appreciate you. I'm trying my best to make unique stuff that you just don't hear everywhere else. So, if you're a business owner and you're trying to get better at content, make sure to subscribe and we will see you on the next one. [music] Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [1 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Work with me: https://skool.com/wavyworld
Use Sandcastles to grow 10x faster on social media: https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @mustafabashirkhan [1 likes]: 11:00 brutal  bp doesnt even leave me here
  3. @mitzerbitzer [1 likes]: LOVE the way you broke this one down! Storytelling is so important in EVERY aspect of creation
  4. @BEASTANIMALS-01: Like this
  5. @guy_kogen: wow
  6. @benjimeko: we highly apprciate your help kall
  7. @thereandbackagainpilgrim: Bro what the hell I thought this was going to teach how to make a fishing hook.
  8. @rank.uno34: I'll be right back with hundred thousand subscribers in this comment😅
  9. @savepointgg: valuable information, thanks for this.
  10. @1Tomsf: How you edit your visual and B roll it's amazing 😍
  11. @userexperienceresearchers: Great breakdown. The single subject, single question framework is such a powerful reminder that clarity beats cleverness every time. This kind of structure is gold for creators and business owners who want more predictable results instead of guessing what might work.
  12. @ccristianorronaldofans9215: 6:56
  13. @mrw.creative: Great video, thank you for helping us out! Quick question for fellow creatives, how the heck do you create hooks and have a sense of "personality" on socials, without having a person talking? I work at a more corporate place where having staff talking in the video isn't going to happen... yet (I'm trying). Any advice for how to create a sense of trust without having a visual of a person talking, or even the voiceover being an employee?
  14. @aural_alchemists: Is the hook masterclass still active? The link isn’t working for me.
  15. @pedrosoares7139: Just superb! Thanks a lot for the generosity of sharing this. This video could be called "the only video you will ever need to start making great content". Because that's what it is.
  16. @confessionsandstoriesdaily: guys can you tell me what can i improve on my shorts🥲
  17. @Traxlercore21: Thanks, Now Im gonna implement it
  18. @davidradisavljevic2159: Loving the way you explain the process of hooks. How similar is this for people who use text on broll and there's no spoken hook
  19. @NihalBhatti-fm5cg: He is amazing ✌✌✌✌
  20. @asemotanosa1200: Great video, small criticism, i almost skipped, because you talk very fast

- Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello this is David G and welcome to this week's life tools I'm coming to you live from The Sweet Spot of the universe this week we explore the pattern interrupt what is a pattern interrupt well it's essentially it's an interruption in the conditioned flow of something anytime we introduce a break a pause a moment of reflection or just a hiccup in time into whatever was happening in a conditioned way it creates some space and in that moment you're fully present in that space you're not in the past you're not in the future one of the best tools we can use to do that is 16 seconds do it with me think about something that's been irritating you or bothering you or disturbing you over the past day week month and now Envision that in your mind's eye see that in your mind's eye see that person's face maybe or the situation and now close your eyes and follow your breath as you breathe in through your nostrils feel it go down into your belly and watch it as it sits there hold that breath there and watch it and witness it and now release that breath and watch it as it flows out of you into The Ether and then hold that breath out and now breathe normally and open your eyes that was 16 seconds and in those 16 seconds you are not in the past you are not in the future and if you were playing along for those 15 seconds you were not thinking about the irritation or the discomfort or the disturbance that you just had your attention on 18 seconds ago pattern interrupts are beautiful because we can insert them into any moment we can be in the middle of a very very heated discussion and just suddenly back up we could be watching a movie and saying who's that actor who's that actor hey could I have us some popcorn oh it's George Clooney we can be writing something and have be blocked be constricted get stuck we can be on the phone with someone and then give ourselves some breathing room and then come back in essentially when we introduce a pattern interrupt such as meditation and that can be 16 seconds or minutes what we're doing is allowing our mind to take a breath modern science is now confirming that when we step away from the issue at hand momentarily when we come back to it there's a little more clarity there's a little more solution oriented thinking there's a break in the action if we can just put a little bit of time between the time we respond normally instead of we get an email and instantly we're typing back we get a text and instantly we're texting back someone says something and we don't even let them finish their sentence and we're like yes no we're in we can just put just a little more Breathing Room introduce a pattern interrupt into the daily flow of our life we will have this magnificent unfolding because we'll be calmer more creative more solution oriented we'll perform at a higher level we won't get stuck and when we're trying to come up with something it will appear we also won't be ruled up by our emotions we won't have our emotions chemicals and hormones responding instead of the best version of ourself so this week let's put our attention on introducing the pattern interrupt practice 16 seconds on a daily basis take long deep breaths when someone's asking you a question and maybe pay attention and listen allow it to be absorbed this week could be the most powerful week of our life as we step into our pattern interrupts and become comfortable with them and become a better person because of them so from The Sweet Spot of the universe this is David G I'm wishing you an amazing day an amazing week of introducing pattern interrupts and in the meantime I'll see you in the Gap namaste

  Top Comments:
  1. @breathe1122: Such a powerful, quick tool to utilize! Namaste, Davidji! 🙏🏼
  2. @arzoo_singh: Thanks !!!

- Pattern Interrupt - The Jerry Intervention: Kind: captions Language: en jerry was so right about you [Music] another fantastic pattern interrupt is the jerry intervention i've seen kids use this and they love it but adults use it with withering effect any time someone is bothering you and you just want to take control of the conversation take control of the room all you do is say quietly jerry was so right about you immediately people go into a spin and they'll probably say jerry who you say i think you know you say write about what and you say you say what do you mean by you i mean you well where did you get all this from i got it from you jerry was so right about you there's this mythical person jerry that you're referring to who said something about this person and he was correct as well and you're verifying it now this freaks people out it's fantastic the jerry intervention brought to you free from me if you like these videos click subscribe and ring the bell so you know when we put a new one out you're gonna love these

  Top Comments:
  1. @SmilesPerGallon-: “This freaks people out. It’s fantastic” is the perfect distillation of my sense of humor 😂
  2. @elfresco7: haha im gonna use this
  3. @newcastlehypnotherapy: Haha 🤠

- What is a Pattern Interrupt? | Powerful Tool! | Courtside Tip #7 | Dr. David Phelps!: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's David here I've got another courtside tip for you today hey by the way this is the island of Mykonos Greece beautiful here today awesome awesome weather you when you're playing tennis and particularly you let your opponent they can't really overpower you so the key to everything in life is how do you set up a pattern interrupt let's say you're trying to reach your audience your target market your client you've got to create something that makes them think or look or pay attention to it's called pattern interrupt so in tennis typically when we hit the ball we hit the ball with topspin topspin give space to the ball it keeps it in the court so topspin topspin hitting up and over the ball pattern interrupt change it up instead of a topspin I can change up from high-low underneath the ball causing an under spin or a slice a slice gets goes down on the court it doesn't come up very much it makes my opponent think it changes what how they how they approach the ball it changes everything about the game I've made a pattern interrupt you've got to do that in your own messaging in trying to reach your target client patient you've got to create an interrupt how do you do that in your messaging you've got to make the fake you've got to change it up to creep some new thought process so they have to think what is that person saying to me they're making me think differently remember topspin it's the same old thing slice under spin it creates that pattern interrupt think about pattern interrupt everything you do in life you've got to create that

  Top Comments:
  1. @drdphelps: What else would you like to know about investing in a future video? Here is a great investing tips playlist I made for you! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RflLCVM4RpI&list=PL6UzhmjhYcon39zSWmXSMpjnCqsqRj9xt
  2. @Dealmakercatalyst: Great video as always!

- Ep. 54 | The Four Patterns That Keep You From Resolving Conflict (And How to Interrupt Them): Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Welcome back to the resolution room. This is a space where we slow down the moment before reaction and take a closer look at what's really driving conflict beneath the surface. Each episode invites you into conversations that challenge assumptions, expand perspective, and offer practical ways to move through tension with more clarity and intention. Whether you're navigating conflict in your relationships, your work, or within yourself, you're in the right place. Let's step into the room. I'd like to start with a question. Have you ever looked up from your life? I mean, really looked up and thought, "How did I get here?" Not necessarily in a bad way, but in that honest, uncomfortable way where you realize that some of the patterns you've been living in, you didn't necessarily choose them. They chose you. That happened to me, and it changed everything. Stay with me because by the end of this episode, I think you're going to see something in yourself that you can't unsee. And I mean that in the best possible way. If you've been here since season 1 or season 2, welcome back. I've missed this space, and I think season 3 is going to be the most honest, most practical season we've done yet. And here's why. This season, we're not just talking about conflict as something that happens to you. We're going underneath it to the patterns that keep showing up. The ones you've been running on autopilot, sometimes for years, and what it actually looks like to interrupt them. That's what this season is about. Pausing the pattern and building something better in its place. But before I get into the framework we'll be working with all season, I want to tell you a short story. My story. Because the theory didn't come from a textbook. It came from a season of my own life where I had no choice but to get honest with myself. It was my second year of teaching in South Korea. On the surface, everything looked fine. I had a job I was pretty good at. I was living abroad. It was fun, exciting. I was having experiences that some people only get to dream about. I was building a life. But something was off, and I couldn't name it. So, I did something I hadn't really done before. I got quiet. And I got still. Like, really still. And I started paying attention not just to what was happening around me, but to what was happening inside of me. I started looking at my patterns. And I mean, all of them. How I showed up in my friendships, how I navigated conflict at work, how I handled things with my family back home, how I moved in and out of relationships, and maybe most importantly, the role I played in all of it. And what I found naturally made me uncomfortable. I saw avoidance where I thought I was being peaceful. I saw defensiveness where I thought I was protecting myself. I saw patterns I inherited from my upbringing, my culture, from years of watching how the people around me handled hard things. And I had just absorbed them without questioning it. I wasn't choosing how I responded to conflict. I was reacting. I was on autopilot every time. And once I saw it, I could not unsee it. That moment, that uncomfortable, clarifying pause became the foundation of everything I now teach. Section 1. What is pause the pattern? So, what does it actually mean to pause the pattern? Here's the thing about conflict, and I say this a lot because I think it's one of the most misunderstood things about human behavior. Conflict doesn't persist because people are bad. It doesn't persist because situations are impossible. It persists because we keep responding the same way. We have pattern reactions, and those patterns are deeply socialized. They were shaped by our families, our schools, our workplaces, and our culture. They feel natural because they're familiar. But familiar isn't the same as effective or healthy. Think about the last time you were in a tense conversation, maybe with a coworker, a partner, or a family member. What did you do? Did you shut down? Did you push back harder? Did you start explaining yourself before they even finished talking? Did you decide somewhere in the middle of it that you were right and they were just wrong? Those aren't random responses. Those are patterns. And most of us have a primary one. The four I see most often are avoidance, which looks like steering clear of the conflict entirely and hoping it resolves itself. It's usually with the intention of keeping the peace on the surface, all the while things simmer underneath. There's escalation, which is meeting tension with more tension. Um one raised voice leads to another, one sharp comment leads to a sharper one. Defensiveness is protecting yourself so hard that you can't actually hear what's being said. You're so busy building your case that you missed the entire point. And moral certainty. That's the belief that you are right and the other person is simply wrong. Full stop. No room for nuance, no curiosity about their perspective. That's it. Now, I want to be clear. These patterns aren't character flaws. They're learned responses. They probably served you at some point. But at another point, they stopped serving you. And you kept using them anyway. That's where the pause comes in. The pause is the moment between the trigger and the reaction. It's the space where choice lives. And most of us blow right past it without even knowing it's there. Learning to find that space and use it is what changes everything. Section 2. The resolve framework. Now, the pause is a theory, but theory without practice is just philosophy. So, I built a framework. I call it resolve. And this season, we're going to come back to it again and again in different contexts, with different guests, in different situations. But let me walk you through it today so that you have the foundation. Each letter stands for a step in the process of moving from reactivity to intentionality. R is for recognize the pattern. You can't change what you can't see. This is the awareness step. What's your default? What do you do when things get tense or hard? E is for examine your role. Not to assign blame to yourself, but to understand your contribution. Every conflict has more than one person in it. What did you bring to it? S slow down. This is the pause made practical. Before you respond, breathe. Give yourself a beat. Even 5 seconds can change the quality of what comes next. O open your perspective. What might they be experiencing that you haven't considered? This doesn't mean you have to agree. It means you have to be just a little curious. L listen to understand. Most of us are just listening for our opening to respond. Real listening is different. It's quieter. It's harder. But it's more powerful. V voice your needs. State them clearly and without attack. Say what you need, not what they did wrong, not what always happens, what you need right now in this situation. E evolve the pattern. Practice new responses. Move forward with intention, not to win and not to be right, but to actually resolve something. This framework isn't a script. It's living practice, and like any practice, it gets better the more you use it. I want you to think about a relationship in your life right now. One where there's some tension, some friction, or some unresolved things sitting between you. Just hold that in your mind as we keep going. So, I want to tell you about one of my first coaching clients. She was a young woman stepping into her first leadership role at a mid-size property management company. She's smart, capable, driven, but she was struggling. The transition from peer to leader is one of the hardest ones there is, and she was feeling the weight of it. She came to me seeking assurance, confidence, and a way to show up in her role without second-guessing every decision. We worked through the resolve framework together. We talked about her patterns, how she tended towards avoidance when things got tense, how she sometimes over explained herself when she felt challenged, how she was so focused on being liked that she was losing the sight of being effective. And then one day she called me. She had a difficult situation with a coworker, someone who had been resistant to her leadership, and who had made things uncomfortable for her. And instead of avoiding it, which was her default, she paused. And she used the framework that we practiced and had the difficult conversation. And she told me, "I handled it. And I didn't lose the relationship. I actually think we're better now." The relief in her voice, the pride, the disbelief that it had actually worked, that moment is why I do this work. Because once you see what's possible when you stop reacting and start choosing, you can't go back. And watching that realization hit someone for the first time, there's nothing like it. So, here's what I want you to take from today. You have patterns. We all do. And those patterns aren't your fault, but they are your responsibility. The pause is available to you in every single conflict you face in your social relationships. Every tense conversation, every moment where you feel that familial pull to your default reaction, you don't have to be perfect at this. You just have to be willing to notice. That's where it all starts, just noticing. And if you're sitting there thinking, "I don't even know what my pattern is," that's completely okay. That's actually a great place to start because awareness, again, is the first step. And this season we're going to build on that together. We'll have guests who have navigated conflict in ways that will challenge and inspire you. We'll have solo episodes where I can break down specific patterns and give you tools that you can use immediately. And we'll keep coming back to the same question all season long. What would change in your life if you paused before you reacted? I think the answer might surprise you. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you for choosing this work. And thank you for trusting me in this space. I'm Dr. Nischelle Lovett. This is the Resolution Room, and season 3 is just getting started. If this conversation gave you something to reflect on, consider taking a moment to rate and subscribe. It helps more people find their way into these conversations. And if you're looking for a space to actually put this work into practice, you're invited to join the Resolution Society on the school community platform. It's our space for real-time reflection, dialogue, support, and growth. If you'd like to bring a conversation like this into your organization or community, you can submit a speaking request. And if you prefer to start on your own, visit the Resolution Library for a collection of digital resources designed to help you put this into practice one step at a time. Access to our community, speaking requests, and online resources can be found at our website, linked in the show notes. Until next time, keep building in the quiet because that's what will carry you forward. >> [music]

- CONFLICT RESOLUTION for Children 🤝 Assertive 😡 Aggressive 😞 Passive 😒 Passive-Aggressive: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] smile and learn hello welcome to the courtroom here people sort out their conflicts but don't worry because now we're going to learn the best way to resolve them let's go to start what is a conflict a conflict is when two or more people with different interests or ways of thinking don't agree this can create a problem between them conflicts are part of our daily lives but the key is that we can learn from them and more importantly resolve them for example here two classmates are having a conflict over how to do their art project she wants to use pain and he prefers to use clay as you can see they don't agree they have different positions it's important to understand that a conflict isn't a fight where you shout or say mean things this is just how some people deal with conflict but it's not the best instead we should ask ourselves a few questions what caused the conflict why did we shout or get angry with each other that is the real reason for the conflict there are four ways to deal with a conflict and each one has its own communication style aggressive passive passive aggressive and assertive do you want to know more about them come on aggressive communication let's start with the communication this is when we communicate disrespectfully by shouting or talking back this doesn't create many opportunities to talk when we communicate like this we give more importance to what we think and we forget about the other person careful we might get something in the short term but we will probably hurt others feelings in in the long term the consequences aren't good aggressive communication can cause more conflicts it can make us feel angry tense and guilty because of how we acted it can also cause others to think badly about us passive communication now we'll take a look at passive communication also known as avoidant communication it happens when we don't say what we think or when we keep keep quiet because we are afraid of what others will say or do we may not even look into the other person's eyes we might completely walk away from the situation this seems easier but if we don't talk about a conflict we can't resolve it this can make us feel frustrated in the long term passive aggressive communication let's talk about passive aggressive communication it's a strange mix of styles it gets its name because initially it seems passive but in reality it has aggressive intentions it happens when we don't directly say what we want and instead express it in a less direct way like through our actions facial expressions or with our tone of voice when we don't communicate clearly there can be misunderstandings this doesn't resolve the conflict it makes it even bigger also when we don't express our feelings clearly we can feel frustrated or angry assertive communication finally we have assertive communication this is when we express our ideas while respecting those of others here we clearly say our side of the story but we think about others too we negotiate to reach win-win agreements this way we can resolve conflicts and feel satisfied what better way to deal with a problem with others than through empathy when we put ourselves in the other person's shoes we can better understand their point of view and look for the best Solutions so let's see what do you think is the best way to communicate to resolve a conflict that's right assertive communication is our best option it allows us to express ourselves and set boundaries while being respectful and taking others feelings into account in the example of the classmates who had to do an art project they reached an agreement using assertive communication in the face of conflict they're going to use both paints and clay and everyone's happy the communication style we use in a conflict will have strong impact on how we resolve it put assertive communication into practice and you'll see how easy it is for you to resolve any misunderstanding see you next time we've learned so much in just one video did you know there are many more videos imagine how much you could learn subscribe to the smile and learn educational channel to learn and have fun at the same time

- Resolve Conflicts: Move past Information and Understand the Intention | Antano & Harini: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people are kind of stuck at the behavioural level. When people negotiate, when people try to solve a problem, resolve a conflict, they're going into, "You shouldn't have done this" or worse, they ask a question which is ambiguous, like, "Why did you do this?" Now, and "why" is the most ambiguous question on planet Earth Because try asking a child who comes home late or who's eating sugar. "Why did you do this?" and find out the response you get. And that question triggers the same response, even in adults. Because remember, when you say why, the person might respond, what is the purpose for doing this? The person may respond to it as, what is the intention for doing this? Or the person may respond to it as, what triggered you to do this? The person may respond to that as, what joy do you get from doing this? Because "why" is ambiguous. It's non-directional. It keeps it open. So people process "why" in so many different ways and I think during this week, you're going to learn something called a Milton Model, where we learn something called as Cause-Effect, where in English language, there are certain words. In all languages, there are certain words, where when you use those words to join two sentences, even if you join two sentences that doesn't make any sense, linguistically, it feels as if they're very logical. And words like "because", "so", "and" allow you to join sentences that even if they're not necessarily connected, it makes you feel like as if it's making a lot of sense. And so the problem with "why" questions is, your response is always a "because". And "because" mostly precedes an excuse. It doesn't precede a high quality information. So when people try to resolve conflicts, when people try to understand deeper meaning of people, they either fight at the behavioural level or try to get deeper information, but they resort to wrong questions. The other way to resolve conflicts is you start thinking about what could be that person's intention. Now sometimes you ask that person, but sometimes even you asking that to yourself opens up a deeper understanding of the people that you're dealing with. And I think the Reframing is a great example of that. I mean, yesterday you saw Parts Integration, and there's a part and there's another part, and mostly at the behavioural level, they're conflicting. Do I quit my job or do I stay in my job? How can you achieve both? You can’t achieve both. It's not possible. Do I eat or do I not eat? I want a part of me wants to sleep, a part of me does not want to sleep. You can't achieve both. But when you chunk it up to the intent, is there a useful intention to quit the job? Is there a useful intention to stay on the job? Now, you could achieve both the intentions. And that's why the hands come together, because you're satisfying both the intentions, not both the decisions. What's the intent behind one decision versus an intent behind another decision? And if you can get to the level of intention, then you can achieve and satisfy both. And I think when you... And what I have noticed is when people start doing Reframing enough number of times, the focus shifts from the behaviour to the intent. And when you're able to do that, your conversations with people will automatically and naturally be very effective. You understand where they come from, and you're able to direct better, you're able to lead better, resolve conflicts better, and so on. Because, also for me, the fact that when you can step into the intent level and at a Reframing, you're seeing, so if you think of Reframings as, they went into a trance, so they got results, you're not going to learn anything. But if you realize in the Reframing, you're addressing the intent, and thereby, the problem resolved itself. It gives you a much deeper understanding of human communication and human behaviours and human responses and then that overflows into the conversations you have with people.

- Kiss&Tell: Ultimate Relationship pattern interrupts: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome everybody this is josh and cindy in another episode of kiss and tell today we're going to talk about what what are we going to talk about today honey today we are going to talk about pattern interrupts ooh pattern errors what is a pattern interrupt you know actually you would ask me okay okay so what is a pattern that's a good question well a pattern interrupt is you know that those times where you get caught fighting in the heat of the moment well that's a pattern and a pattern interrupt is just basically breaking that in some way so it's when you make your partner laugh or maybe you take a walk or maybe just get away from each other for a little while and think about other things and then come back together so a paragraph is something that is is really just designed to take you out of the moment to change kind of what you're focusing on does that make sense yes it does so honey what's a good example of a pattern in a rush mr and mrs glass oh we're going to tell them about mr and mrs glasses they're like our secret weapon i know in all things it is true well you're going to get a treat today because today is mr and mrs classes our personal behavioral therapists that have kept our relationship together through over 6 000 miles of driving around the world traveling well actually it wasn't until we got back that we got mr that we encountered mr mrs glasses so we survived thailand on our own but really the cross-country trip was survived via mr missed his glasses so i without further ado i'd like to introduce you to mrs glasses hello hello thank you for having me well welcome mrs classes what can you tell us about how to pattern interrupt and help out your favorite clients well what i like to do is um i like to talk for my clients so your clients my client is cindy oh okay yes okay and what do you typically do for her i typically just um speak for her you speak for her yes okay like how how would you typically speak foreign okay so say you're having a problem okay so then cindy needs to talk about her issues but she can't get them through to you okay she feels that she can't okay she can't speak to you or you're not hearing her hmm okay so am i i'm pretty apt to do that all right yes okay yes okay okay so basically i speak for her and that i just go oh you know cindy and him feeling like you love her today and i will ask why doesn't cindy feel like i love her today because you made a comment and it definitely wasn't this way but you made a comment and she felt like you were calling perfect oh oh well i don't think that's ever happened but that's a good example okay okay so so really it's just a way for us and here's here's the biggest piece about this is like you can't be mad at this face you can't if i'm upset or angry you try to be mad and be angry at this face you can't do it no i have a good thing and she's really angry and i bring out mr glasses and it doesn't last long no it doesn't last long it doesn't no no so what are you here for yeah this is a great example of a pattern because i mean it's it's just like it's just like pavlov's dog in a way i mean if you if you think about and here's what tends to grow over time in that you're conditioning your partner to to be upset in a lot of ways so just like pavlov's dog you know he he showed the food right in the bell showed the food right in the bell pretty soon he didn't eat the food he just ran the bell right well we did the same thing in our relationships where we get angry we look at our partner's face we get angry we look at our partner's face and pretty soon we look at our partner's face we're angry we don't even know why well this is a way that you get angry you look at the glasses and you start laughing you look at the glasses start laughing look at the glasses start laughing so then it starts to stack up it's a pattern in a round now it's stacking the other way so now you're angry with your partner somebody puts on your glasses you can't you just go right back in that state of laughing almost immediately and it breaks that pattern of anger or frustration whatever it is and when that pattern's gone then you can have a real conversation about what is it that's really bothering us what's the real challenge here without the emotion without the anger without the frustration of the challenges so this i mean does that make sense mrs glasses it definitely of course and we really we greatly appreciate your help you've saved our relationship more than a dozen times at least yes they've done a couple dozen times yes cynthia said um that's the best die you've ever earned it is the best dollar we've ever invested dollar store so best dollar we've ever spent in relationship so do you think that covers it for proud interrupts today no i really do i think you spoke beautifully well thank you we really appreciate your help and i'm gonna end with you appreciate it if we can bring cindy back oh definitely okay give me a second just give her a minute welcome back honey hello and that concludes our session today anything else no okay okay this is josh and cindy with kiss and tell signing off thank you is

- 1 Minute Video Tip #59 - Pattern Interrupt--A Goofy Marketing Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en Pattern Interrupt is a marketing strategy where you surprise your viewers or readers with something they don't expect, something that breaks the regular pattern. That gets their attention, which is the whole point of marketing. There are lots of ways to apply Pattern Interrupt. For instance, you might remember that one time I did one of these tips with a bright yellow wig on. That was a Pattern Interrupt, and it did get people's attention. I actually had someone run up to me at a networking event after that and say "I will never forget that." It made an impression. Another example of a pattern interrupt is that one time I didn't get my tip out on time, so I missed a month. Later at a networking meeting I had someone comment that they noticed I didn't send out my Tip that month. I interrupted my regular pattern, and it caught their attention. So every once in a while, shake things up and do something unexpected in your marketing. And whatever you do, do NOT subscribe this YouTube channel. I mean it, don't you dare subscribe to my YouTube Channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skionen1781: Cool that last point about subscribing trigger reactance in me
  2. @devika_maheshwari: I liked the twist. If your subscribers would want to know more example about unexpected patterns: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJ1titqvKtI
I also talk about many hidden tips which might be useful for them:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQg3pc9igUgsyxgSlEFX2rQ
  3. @VideoEditOz: Good tip thanks
  4. @eranbucai289: Okay I subbed
  5. @farhansheikhahmad: 0:56 You did scared me, I didn't hit that scary red button ! I'm so terrified.. 😅

- 23 of 27 • Using Pattern Interruption to Enhance Creativity and Problem-Solving: Kind: captions Language: en Using pattern interruption to enhance creativity and problem solving in a world where rigid systems, government, media, education, and medicine seek to condition human behavior into predictable loops of compliance. The ability to interrupt patterns, it's not just a skill, but an act of resistance. pattern interruption. It's the conscious decision to break free from the trance of repetition. Reclaiming agency over your mind, body, and circumstances. Whether you're trapped in a cycle of stress, stuck in a creative rut, or navigating a problem that seems unsolvable, pattern interruption can rewire your brain, unlock creativity, and restore your natural capacity for problem solving. Pattern interruption works because the brain is a prediction machine constantly anticipating what comes next based on past experiences. When a pattern, whether a thought loop, a behavior habit, or an emotional reaction, becomes entrenched, the brain operates on autopilot, reinforcing the same neural pathway over and over again. This is how conditioning works. Whether it's the conditioning imposed by centralized institutions or the self-imposed loops of anxiety, procrastination, or creative block, a pattern interrupt, it violates the brain's expectations, forcing it to pause, reassess, and open a window of plasticity where new responses can emerge. This isn't about shock or manipulation. It's about restoring choice in a system that's collapsed into repetition. You already interrupt patterns without realizing it. Every time you sigh deeply in frustration, stand up to stretch during a long meeting, or turn on music to shift your mood. You're using a crude but effective form of pattern interruption. The problem is that most people outsource this skill, relying on substances, screens, or conflict to break their trance rather than developing the ability to do it consciously and precisely. The key to mastery is learning to interrupt patterns easier with less force and with greater intentionality. For example, if you notice yourself spiraling into overthinking, a simple shift in posture, a deep breath, even naming the state, it can disrupt the cycle before it escalates. The goal is not to eliminate patterns, but regain the ability to choose when to follow them and when to break them. To apply pattern interruption to creativity and problem solving, start with small, deliberate acts that shift your state. Identify the loop. Recognize when you're stuck in repetitive thoughts. Choose a micro interrupt. Use a small physical or sense reaction to break the pattern. Reorient attention. After the interrupt, direct your focus to something new. Ask yourself a different question. Approach the problem for a new angle or engage in a completely unrelated activity for a few minutes. This leverages the brain's plasticity, allowing fresh connections to form. Repeat as needed. Pattern interruption is not a one-time fix. The more you practice, the more natural it becomes, and the less force you need to achieve the same effect. Over time, you'll start to notice patterns earlier and interrupt them before they take over. Real world examples demonstrate how powerful this can be. Consider the case of an artist stuck in a creative block, endlessly tweaking the same piece without progress. By standing up, walking outside and observing the texture of leaves or the play of light on a building, they introduce novelty that disrupts the mental loop. Upon returning to their work, they often see it with fresh eyes, noticing solutions or directions they hadn't considered before. Similarly, an entrepreneur overwhelmed by a complex problem might interrupt their rumination by doing a quick set of jumping jacks or humming a tune. The physical shift breaks the cognitive spiral, allowing them to return to the problem with a renewed clarity and energy. The science behind this is well documented. Neuroscientific research confirms that novelty, whether a change in environment, a new sensory input, or an unexpected question, it triggers the brain to update its predictive models. This is why travel, learning new skills, even rearranging your workspace can spark creativity. It forces the brain out of its usual grooves. Studies on neuroplasticity show the brain remains adaptable throughout life and deliberate pattern interruption. It's a way to harness that ability by consistently introducing small manageable disruptions. You train your brain to stay flexible, reducing the likelihood of getting stuck in rigid, unproductive patterns. Yet, despite its effectiveness, many people resist pattern interruption because it challenges the illusion of control that comes with predictability. There's a comfort in the familiar even when it's harmful because it feels safe. Breaking patterns can feel risky. What if the new response is worse? What if others judge you for not conforming? This fear is rational, especially in a world where institutions reward compliance and punish descent. But the alternative, remaining trapped in loops that drain your energy, creativity, and problem solving ability is far more costly. The goal isn't to eliminate all patterns, but to ensure they serve you, not the other way around. Ultimately, pattern interruption, it's a tool for reclaiming sovereignty over your mind and life. In a society that conditions people to outsource their thinking, emotions, and even their health to centralized authorities, the ability to consciously break free from conditioned responses is revolutionary. It's a way to resist the trance of conformity whether that conformity is impuled by external systems or by your own habitual reactions. By mastering pattern interruption, you not only enhance your creativity and problem solving skills, but also cultivate a deeper sense of agency, a reminder that you're not a passive recipient of programming, but an active conscious participant in your own life.

- The Power of Pattern Interrupts in Sales: Boost Engagement: Kind: captions Language: en so you talked about petn interrupts and um let's just talk about some of those I think that will be that will add a lot of value to our audience what is it talked about what uh pattern interrupts so you pattern inter yeah yeah um okay yeah so uh pattern interrupt for folks that aren't familiar with that terminology is just doing the unexpected so uh pattern interrupt could be something really playful uh if it suits your ICP maybe you send a gift in your email right um so it could be something like that um for me I I mentioned I really love doing handwritten notes that is a pattern interrupt because it is something that people aren't doing so a pattern interrupt is just doing the unexpected and it interrupts the pattern of your prospect dismissing you quickly because it's the same thing they're seeing over and over again um other pattern interrupts that I think are really easy to roll out that people just don't do very often um are the use of video both in email as well as on LinkedIn people just are still not not using video um on LinkedIn voice notes still work I would AB test using a voice note as your first step in LinkedIn called Outreach because it is a little bit weird when you see a voice note in your inbox from a total stranger and you can't read a transcript so if you're gonna use a voice note um maybe make it your second message and then make sure that there's some context as to what sort of goes back to the the concept removing friction when you are sending that deposit like a case study or a white paper don't expect them to open the 48 page white paper and read all of it don't expect them to open the 45 second voice note without including at least one sentence to tell them like why it matters to them why it's worth their time clicking play um but get creative pattern inter erupts are a result of uh creative elements in your cold Outreach what I would caution individual contributors sales leaders uh Etc on is to First make sure that you have a very clear Baseline of data so that you know what good looks like and only then would I suggest you start adding those really creative touches into your copy because then you can ab test and have a clear view on whether or not gifts or memes work for your ICP you can have a really clear view on whether or not video has like that exponential lift for you because video obviously takes more time so it it by having the Baseline first it allows you to be super creative and test whatever you want but then have the clarity of whether or not it works so that as you continue to follow that always be testing philosophy you're doing it in a way that um actually results in engagement and results in in the you know the the meetings that you need to have the pipe to have the revenue okay so uh so this is another interesting thought that I came up so there is this personalization part and then comes obviously the paino part so how do you validate the paino if I'm reaching the right person or not if that exist or not what strategies will you sort of like use over there um to validate whether or not you're talking to the right person I would say two approaches approach one would be looking at those trigger events creating that segmentation um and doing the work in your outbound motions to create a ton of clarity around what good looks like and we were you know talking talking earlier in this conversation about organizations having an ICP they have an ICP but it's often quite broad so really making sure that you as the individual contributor the person that is owning the Outreach understands the the trigger events and the mechanisms that will CA that will cause the different statements of that IC to move so I would say the first part is like why why would it matter enough to the person I'm talking to that they would want to spend their social capital budding up against the status quo to create change and that's a big one right so so think about that in your Outreach um but I think the the other part of it and like where I really focus on um uh on the process with my clients is from that like ICP and value prop uh definition through to really strong Discovery calls like call one and then I would say it sort of moves to middle of the funnel after that which I like to I like to stay more in the top of funnel um but on the Discovery call you better have a tight process for your pre-call research so that you are going very very deep in your understanding of how you are going to earn the right to ask this Prospect to consider using their social capital their time their budget their resources to consider an timately invest in your product or solution and I use the phrase earn the right very selectively because that is earn the right is my sales methodology and the gist of it is asking yourself what have I done to earn the right to make this ask so if it is asking them to read an email what have I included in that email that is valuable or relevant to them that has earned me right to make this ask of their time if it is asking for a meeting what have I shared with them to build the trust to build the credibility that justifies asking them to spend time learning more and when you think about it on a discovery call how have I prepared to deliver value in this meeting that justifies me asking that earns me the right to ask them to have a follow-up meeting to consider investing in my product or solution and to use their social capital to push against the status quota to you know get this mutually beneficial outcome that um that you would you know uncover on on the call but I think the paino boils down to two things one you having enough Clarity and doing enough research that you feel very confident you can earn that right from the jump that you can offer that relevance and the value and then two when you have the privilege of engaging with your prospect of interacting with your prospect making sure that you are extraordinarily curious so that you are you're leading with that mentality of helping and of seeking deep understanding but you're doing it in the context of the research you've already done so you're not starting calls with a tell me everything about you I'm going to have you do all the heavy lifting you're really showing up um to to be that trusted advisor which folks often we'll call like a consultative sales approach but I think consultative sales is something that folks feel like only matters at the Enterprise level and I would argue that that mentality of earning the right matters whether or not you're selling to Mom and Pop shops you know SNB mid-market Enterprise it matters for every single sales interaction that we have okay that's awesome that's obviously you explained it in full detail so you have also mentioned write emails that prospects reply to just give me an example as to what that might look like sure okay so a few things that you're going to want to do to write better emails one is stop worrying so much about the subject line and instead focus on the preview text so the preview text is the first 80 characters of your email and it's inclusive of the subject line so go through and audit all of your emails with the question in mind would this first 80 characters make me want to learn more if I was this buyer if I was this Prospect because in order to get a reply we need to get an open so that is that is step one go through and audit um audit all your emails to optimize for that first 80 characters which is the preview text something that's really fun um when you think about preview text versus subject line is that once you have your Baseline of what good looks like you can get really creative with the preview text and so this might look like starting with the subject line format that is working best right now which is a two-word subject line both words capitalized so testing that first sequence and seeing what the open rates are there but then going back and maybe you have a subject line that is a whole sentence and you test that because it's less about the actual subject line and it's more about what am I seeing in that first 80 characters that makes the person I've sent this email to think I'm interested in learning more um okay so that's a really really big one a couple of other uh easy pivots you can make to your email copy to get better replies are to shorten them you should never be sending cold Outreach that is more than I'd say like 80 e words um I use data from a company called reggie. a and I really work hard to keep my copy between 16 and 68 one six and 68 words so you're keeping that copy very tight like it's usually three sentences like the introduction why it matters to them a call to action you also want to keep all of those e like all of all of your copy very concise very straightforward between a third to eighth grade reading level is what gets the best reply rates I personally aim for grade five so short emails 16 to 68 words concise straightforward fifth grade reading level and we talked about this a bit earlier that your prospects are not reading your email they are scanning it so the reason that you are writing short emails with simple concise language is to make it very easy for them to scan the email for context and decide not to delete it so that you have a chance for them to read and hopefully reply later and then I would say the the third really easy pivot that folks can make is audit your emails to see how seller Centric your email language is and seller Centric emails sound like hi Assad I'm lesie vet the founder of the sales Le GTM agency we do X I want to talk to you because of why our product is right it's that IE our language and you want to change the language of their your emails to be reader Centric or buyer Centric so you want to use more you language talking about the prospect talking about their company their challenges their opportunities um or use customer language like if you're going to use we or our language uh make it like our customers have found versus I believe or I want to um so three easy pivots to write emails that get significantly more opens and replies audit for seller Centric language IE hour and pivot that to reader Centric language two would be just much more concise simple emails and then three would be optimizing for the preview text which are the first 80 characters of your email wow awesome a time and date I mean test dat I I usually prefer mornings but okay I don't know I don't worry about time of day actually as much uh as I used to what I worry about a lot more now is domain reputation and and why that matters is that instead of like I've been selling for 15 years folks I used to just do excel lists with Microsoft Word and do a mail merge and send 300 emails out in one minute if you're still doing that of mass send today you are demolishing your domain reputation and as a reminder having the strong domain reput utation is what lands Us in the primary inbox and if you don't land in the primary inbox you're in other inbox or maybe you're getting right to spam so that's going to really make it hard to get those open and reply rates so what I think about now instead of um like I have to get these emails out at 10: a.m. on Tuesday is how many total emails I want sent from my domain on a given day and then staggering those emails to be sent throughout the day if you use a tool like a sales lot you can Stager them even at different intervals so it's not even like one cent every minute it's like 30 seconds 90 seconds 42 second like you can really um make it appear that they are onetoone emails so that you do not get flagged as spam and your domain rep doesn't get damaged okay awesome awesome so I guess I've pretty much taken up an hour so anything that I missed anything uh uh you feel like you wanted to add and maybe it's lost in the conversation um I would say if you are that like founder or sales leader that is either asking yourself or or maybe just in general if you're that found or sales leader who is um sort of thinking about their strategy from 2024 and feeling maybe some frustration or some helplessness that what used to work doesn't work anymore and maybe that was that you used to have a really strong inbound funnel and it sort of died up or your outbound used to get much better results and now you're just not seeing the results that you used to don't panic because outbound selling still works and it works really well and outbound selling is still the primary driver of revenue for 90% of B2B organizations but your outbound process needs to evolve because what worked even five years ago does not work today what was best practice even three years AO go I'm thinking of the quick question subject line will get you routed immediately to spam today so don't give up don't don't question your strategy of investing in outbound that is still the right strategy but you do need to acknowledge that it's time to evolve to be more buyer Centric and because our buyer expectations are changing so rapidly that does mean that you will really have to embark on a process of continuous Improvement which can be a bit humbling and it can be a bit overwhelming but don't worry you will get there [Music]

- Pattern Interrupt Video: What is a pattern interrupt technique and how do you use them?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] can I let you in on a secret before you can hypnotize influence or persuade anyone to do anything there is one critical thing that you absolutely must do first otherwise you'll never have a chance of influencing or persuading anyone so what's the one thing you have to be able to get the attention of someone first let's face it if you can't get someone's attention then the likelihood of you being able to influence and persuade them is virtual to zero so what's the most effective way of gaining someone's attention especially when attention is at such a premium and everyone else is trying to do the same thing you use a pattern interrupt what's a pattern interrupt it's a technique that purposely goes against the norm in order to capture someone's attention these pattern interrupts can take the form of images videos text even through conversational techniques and the idea is to stop someone in their tracks by violating a typical pattern that they are used to in order to get their attention advertisers use these tactics all the time to draw attention to their products and services and you can use them too to learn more about pattern interrupts and how to use them then check out the link below

  Top Comments:
  1. @srivatsav647: A compliment would Help eh?
  2. @abanobfajjour7390: first like

- Hypnotic Language Pattern Interrupt Reversal Technique w Kevin Hogan: Kind: captions Language: en good to everybody my name is Kevin Hogan I'm the author of the psychology of persuasion the science of influence 22 other books that have been translated into 43 languages across the world thank you for making that happen today the reverse pattern interrupt you know it's it's it is so interesting that you and I are so familiar with the idea of the pattern interrupt we've studied it in hypnosis and neuro linguistic programming in persuasion and influence but we now live in a society you know in a world where all there is is pattern interrupts in other words 30 now 40 years ago when people started studying pattern pattern interrupts for real you know back in the late 60s to the mid 70s they started to discover that you can change people's way of thinking just by a quick disruption and it was really quite simple and you didn't need anything fancy although a lot of people tried to get fancy about it and just sort of ruined the results but really simple interruptions change people's minds quickly but what happened now in the last decade as the cell phone has become attached to our hand and as one of my kids said to me it's an extension of myself dad Wow right okay think about it for a second it's true right so as the cellphone you know beeps and use check to see if the text is more important than the human being in front of you okay that tells you something right the world changed since they wrote all the sales books we now have brand-new problems that never existed before you now have reverse pattern interrupts where a person cell phone which is always on it's in their pocket or on their desk or on their coffee table it goes off and it goes off predictably and consistently during your appointment with them during your time with them whether it's you're asking the girl out on the date you're asking for the business deal doesn't make any difference the phone's going off and if you're making progress towards a goal you're sort of building the foundation and this is an important concept to understand please capture idea as you make a presentation as I've shared with me many times you sort of begin with a fundamental idea you start on their landscape you build up you show people you know why what they're doing right now is good but or perhaps it's not but they need to move towards something that's on your landscape and you sort of build this pyramid like ideas structure this foundational foundational foundational ideas structure that's in pyramid and shaped and then all of a sudden the cell phone beeps or rings or make some weird sound which you don't even know what it is one thing you know for sure is is that interruption changed the person's way of thinking let me be precise with what changes okay it's not that the person goes from yes to no or no to yes that's not what happens there's a bunch of research here none of which you need to know about today what I'm going to show you though is is that you can fix the problems that are caused by the cell phone going off but I don't think I've ever seen two people three people in my life that have done it well here's what happens because you're building a pyramid structure and when the phone comes comes into play as soon as it beeps or it goes off or makes one of those dandy noises and the person's attention leaves your idea pyramid the idea pyramid now vanishes and I don't mean a little bit you're not picking up where you left off ever again that's done we don't have those kind of presentations anymore we can't ask the girl out like that anymore people are using antiquated technology this is why when my son discusses - with me about how he walks around in school at the University of Minnesota sound familiar at the University of Minnesota and it's like you look at a girl over there and the first thing she does is what look at you know she looks immediately down at her cell phone you have to know how to deal with that if you want to go out with that girl on Tuesday night right so you have to think now okay so you have been building up a pyramid of ideas okay one idea on top of another this is called bottom-up thinking okay and then the phone goes off and it's gone the problem here is you didn't talk fast enough you didn't communicate quickly enough and now you have a disaster because you've just spent 13 minutes for 17 minutes or maybe 27 minutes or maybe an hour whatever it was the phone goes off predictably goes off and all of a sudden it erases everything so what we have to do now is we now have to work with how the brain their brain processes information at this exact moment how is it doing that it's now it top-down now they look at this text from an old friend or from a current friend or they see that there is a message on facebook these are really messy because you actually have to click in the messenger and then go get it and you're sort of have to respond because it shows that the person's that's actually seen the message right so the person feels this there's a series of sequence sequential information that's going off in their brain that they want to take care of and you need to say this you need to say I tell you what go ahead and respond to that because it's probably important and then shut up let them respond and sit there or stand there or whatever you drink until they're done when they look back at you in the eyes after they've taken care of business then I want you to say all good everything's cool great okay so let's just kind of forget what I was talking about earlier even though I built this massive pyramid right this huge pyramid of information because it doesn't matter anymore because it's all gone it's all gone they don't remember any of it 2% 3% 4% nothing important you have to simply now have the fundamental idea what is it that you want you say hey listen I don't wanna take up any more time Tuesday night dinner ciaobella sound good or you can say say you know what we were talking about the advertising and the various changes and all that kind of stuff can I just make a suggestion now by the way this is permission and I'll talk about permission in a later video you should if you're gonna make a suggestion of any kind to any person you must ask for permission if you want to tell somebody to buy something you must ask for permission I'll come to this and I'll communicate with you about this on a separate video but the idea is as you ask as soon as the person says yes you can offer the suggestion because the person has given you permission to give them to give you license to be the therapist license to be the new potential boyfriend license to be whatever it is you're going to do the salesperson whatever you have a chance to make sure your presentation so what I'd like you to do John is I'd like to have you do the full-page ad on these 4,000 websites and blah blah blah whatever it is and if you're communicating in a sales presentation however say that you're selling something like like life insurance or something that that does require some knowledge on the other person's behavior we have to change what just got changed so in other words this print out this is really important because this has never happened in the history of the world before these last seven to ten years the person is thinking about the text they just had that's the reality you do this I do this everybody does this we're thinking about the text we're thinking about what's going on like down there away from the studio on the phone I know that there's somebody down there on the phone actually waiting for me as I make this video for you right now I haven't had these problems in the past right there's never a problem you go make a video you go you go to your bar you make it for an hour hour and a half you talk you're done not anymore now there's somebody waiting to talk to you and they're happy to tell you oh go go go on the go on make your video is fine and you're like wait a second oh this sounds like it's pretty important so what do you do well I'm talking with you we erased whatever happened because you got a text message simple enough I offer to make a suggestion to you but before I do that I have to do one very important thing I have to interrupt your interruption I have to interrupt your interruption in other words right after your phone goes off and you've taken the message and you've gotten back to the person exchanged a couple things they saw it everything is cool I say is everything okay we're good to go we can continue yes excellent wonderful then I have to interrupt all that you're now thinking about because what you're thinking about now has absolutely nothing to do with what we were doing 10 minutes ago what you're thinking about is only what was happening on your phone that's really distressing and really disturbing and it's why salespeople don't make money nowadays it's why they don't close sales it's white guys can't ask girls out anymore it's really hard to do this stuff that's why social anxiety is so huge so you interrupt the interruption how do you do it you say hey as soon as they're done with their phone and they're not thinking about so much they're actually looking at you while they're thinking about whatever it is that's on the phone you say hey can I have a glass of water please now this forces them to erase what's on their telephone and they are distracted in the old days you would never do this okay but now you have no choice but to do this because you have to erase the conversation they're having so they go and get you a glass of water if they're holding their phone in their hand you can say hey can I see that and people are very distressed and disturbed by this and what you do is you just let them you look at it it's the iPhone 6 right I have the galaxy 7 so I'll just ask and I'll hold it very gently respectfully do you like this is this is are you happy with this phone because I just picked up a phone too and I what do you think you like it yeah okay cool well anyway I'm sorry anyway yeah there you go so and then I'll say so let's just not worry about all the details I just want you to do this and then whatever it is I want them to do I'm gonna say it now I'm gonna say it in 45 seconds it's going to be over there's a lot of ways that you can interrupt the interruption you can point out something on the wall over there for example right behind this camera is a an old poster from the 1940s 40s late 40s and it's of Jamie Stewart looking at Donna Reed in the movie it's a wonderful life it's a really cool photo and now by the way everything I just said just vanished for a few seconds as you tried to imagine if you don't know who Jimmy Stewart and Donna Reed are and it's a wonderful life if you don't know anything about that you have an abstract thing you can't even get your mind on it but here's what you weren't thinking about is what I was talking about you forgot that we were talking about interruptions for just that moment and now I've erased your cell phone from your brain except for now I've brought it back so I got to get back to Donna reading gee Jimmy Stewart great movie great movie awesome movie did you like it yeah by the way what's that on your wall over there oh that's that's a picture of my daughter picked up of the Beatles for me in Japan and that's why they sort of look a little different than they did when they were the four lads from Liverpool oh cool really interesting and so now you have taken the mind off the cell phone you've put it onto something they've told you a 30-second 45 second one-minute story and now you say okay hey listen I know you're runnin late I know you've got things to do I can see that you've got people at home let's do this and then you make the proposal just say I will take care of this I will do this I'll need you to sign and then I need to make sure that we agree on what's going to happen here and what's gonna happen here are we good with that is all cool is everything okay the answer is yes or no and you have a sale where you would never get these sales ever again because most people try to rebuild or try to continue where they left off and it doesn't work anymore that's it guys have a great day I'll see you at influence boot camp cool cool

  Top Comments:
  1. @eeconsults1 [5 likes]: Brilliant - and of course introduced me to how to so much better handle what I heretofore was considering rude behavior (ouch!)
  2. @pgaquigz1125 [3 likes]: This is incredible information. I've been looking hard for a communications or speech instructor over the last year with no success. Do you have any suggestions? Thank you so much in advance!
  3. @satyricon451 [2 likes]: I will never forget how my friend puled the whammy on me with, "Hey, have you seen my goldfish?" apropos of nothing. Just blammo! Dropped that right in the middle of the conversation. It was like that feeling you get when you forget how to sign your name. It was a brilliant play. We laughed about it.
  4. @Ayman-te7wf [2 likes]: Would you do a formula on how to use Pattern Interrupt  on Video sales letters?
  5. @SlowPeace25 [1 likes]: This is Trump's #1 technique. Watch his rallies. Constant interrupts and nesting stories that completely disorient his audience and he then mixes in embedded commands like pepper on a salad. Just watch and listen to the old rallies.
  6. @notacommie5415 [1 likes]: Priceless
  7. @self-developmentmadesimple [1 likes]: Thank you for this amazing, insightful, and valuable content!
  8. @TheTiger881 [1 likes]: Excellent. Permission selling is much more effective than shoving your agenda down their throats-))
  9. @ismaielwaheed4300 [1 likes]: Great content. Thnks
  10. @cassandra.mclean [1 likes]: Pure gold.
  11. @danielfryar8381 [1 likes]: Great content. Thank you sir!
  12. @boman2000 [1 likes]: Phenomenal! Good info to put to use today.
  13. @fishfinderglassesofficial5899 [1 likes]: Haha whoa
  14. @CJ-sf2lu: What do you mean try to rebuild or continue at 11:50?
  15. @mjgerges: Dr. David Snyder mentioned you in our online class ... thought I'd look you up  - - I'm so glad I did  :)  Thank you for this insightful info and demo.
  16. @luismunoz3258: Please make more videos
  17. @bobHuspen: I did this accidently in the 80's. Walking out of a very nice nightclub bar with my girlfriend, talking about something with a male bouncer outside, we hit on a subject that he really connected with, and distracted (interrupted) him, when we got to the car my girlfriend asked me to hold her beer, and the Velvet table cloths we walked out with. He didn't even notice! Lol
  18. @paulolivier3254: 100%
  19. @sumanmanghra6097: This reminded me of the classic scene from white chicks when Kevin takes Denise back to Latrells house and she asking about who the guy in the picture is (as there's a huge picture of Latrell hanging on the wall).. He's starts blagging that's his trainer and he's got the picture up for inspiration and then randomly asks her "have you watched titanic?" She says no and he goes "me neither" straight into "would you like something to drink" and she's says "yes some wine"..but she's a bit dazzled coz he's just done a double pattern interrupt! Brilliant!
  20. @AllanGildea: Outstanding, thank you Kevin.

- Use The Pattern Interrupt Communication Skill To Change The Direction Of The Conversation: Kind: captions Language: en hey friends david shirey author of the book rare confidence it's going to be out this fall and available on amazon.com i teach sales people small business owners anybody that's got to persuade others how to be more confident in who they are and what they do so they can make more money get promoted and really just live more confident and fulfilling lives today i want to introduce you to a technique to use in negotiations called the pattern interrupt now we all know people who interrupt conversations when it's not appropriate and that can be annoying matter of fact we've all probably worked with somebody in the past who who in the middle of a negotiation or we're trying to get a point across all of a sudden they'll interrupt and take the conversation in another direction and that's not a good thing however you can use that exact same technique strategically now those people that i just mentioned that's not a strategic thing that they're doing they're just doing because they have a lack of couf but strategically you can use the pattern interrupt when the conversation is going in a direction that isn't real favorable for you so if you're in a negotiation and the uh client or your prospect brings something up and you feel like you've addressed it and it's just going on and on and on and really headed nowhere it's okay to interrupt it's kind of like a fork in the road you know take the conversation in another direction or there are times maybe there's been way too much small talk and it's time to get down to business that's a chance to use what's called the pattern interrupt and uh i hope sweetheart at least you're not watching this but sometimes i'll even use it on my wife you know we'll be in a conversation and i don't want to be in that specific conversation so i'll pattern interrupt be like hey did you know that this and i'll take the conversation in another direction pattern interrupt use it to your advantage don't let them know that you're doing it it's just another technique to help you get to where you need to go until next time david shirey thanks for stopping by

  Top Comments:
  1. @rudedoodle [2 likes]: You don't blink
  2. @LOISLANE99999: this works .  really got more collections thanks !
  3. @skionen1781: thanks for that

- What Happens to Your Sleep When You Quit Smoking? | Clayton Sleep Institute: Kind: captions Language: en So nicotine is a very interesting chemical. It's the only chemical that causes sleep disruption when you use it and when you stop it. So nicotine is a stimulant. So when you're using it before sleep or during the night, it is going to cause you to have sleep disruption or insomnia. When you stop the nicotine initially, you will have insomnia from withdrawal. That withdrawal period can last anywhere from a few days to several weeks or a month. So one, we have to alert patients during that period that this could happen because it's it's a key source of recidivism or recurrence of smoking. People get insomnia and they're having withdrawal symptoms. So of course they want to give themselves the medicine or the nicotine back. So one is education. Two is letting them know to try to stay in the structure. Sometimes they may need a little bit of pharmacologic assistance to to assist sleep during that initial withdrawal period. So it's a coordinated approach. Some of them need some nicotine replacement that's tapered over time and you can do that with either patches or gum. So again, using coordination with the patient's physician in this process, you can overcome it. But it is a key element to successful nicotine withdrawal. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @lumbrela1873 [3 likes]: It is funny when so called professionals tell people trying to quit to use gums or patches. They do not work. It is either cold turkey or continue to smoke.
  2. @manishpurohit3067: lol when you stop smoking cigarette you will get sleep like a drunk man several times a day
  3. @corneliusparkin2401: Insomnia? I just sleep extra several hours extra for the first 3 days.

- Pattern Interrupt - The Director's Cut: Kind: captions Language: en one of the funniest things i think i've ever come up with and one of the most creative is what i call the director's cut we've used this for a couple of years now and it's freaking hilarious to do this as a practical joke on someone to prank them it's amazing what you do is this let's say you're in a setting where there's a bunch of other people could be a bar we use this once in a bar in toronto a girl and two guys came bustling in the door and they were in some loud discussion and it just hit me as humorous and at that moment i just jumped up and yelled at them cut and they looked over at me and i said okay you're coming in too fast i want you to hit your marks a little bit later mary you go over to the side there and john when you come in i want to see more anger as you're talking to her okay here we go and action and then let them go back to their lives if you have somebody with a with a clapper board like this it's freaking hilarious if you want to enlist your friends the effect of forcing someone else into your movie is so startling so you're yelling cut you're giving them directions as the director someone else runs in with a clapper board and goes action and a friend leans forward with an iphone filming them absolutely freaking brilliant remember to like this video and subscribe to our youtube channel and tell us how spectacularly well you do with the joke director's cut remember to cut [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @hodjeur [2 likes]: Couple of days ago I went to buy stuff, I had no time to waste but there was this lady casually chatting with the seller and I could tell it was going to drag on and on forever. I was standing behind her and I just clapped my hands. One, single, powerful clap. She got surprised, turned around and went "Oh sorry I didn't see you, you must be in a hurry". I answered something like "I'm just feeling energetic, giving myself a motivational clap". Of course she never resumed her conversation. And of course, the clap was 100% for her.
  2. @arthurcollis4908 [2 likes]: Hilarious. I hope you do film their reactions.
  3. @tiaturnbullchampionscoachi9587 [1 likes]: Love it!
  4. @gwit247 [1 likes]: So technically anything random would be a pattern interrup? And do different interrupts elicit a different response or all the same? Basically what I'm asking is it necessary to use one specific pattern interruption over another?

- Stop! Pattern Interrupt: Kind: captions Language: en hi marie russell here from mci hypnotherapy in manchester and what i'm going to do today is just share a simple technique that can help you to let go of any negative thought patterns you have or to release any negative habits now believe it or not any thought patterns or negative feelings that we have or habits we have originate from a particular trigger now that trigger could be something we see it could be something we think or something we feel so as a smoker perhaps the trigger for you to have a cigarette maybe that you see somebody smoking it may be that you are sitting down with a cup of coffee and you have the thought i need a cigarette but it's something that triggers a particular behavior so it's about working out what the trigger is or those thoughts are and then stopping those thoughts and changing them to something positive so i'll give you an example say you're somebody that wants to stop chocolate cravings now what tends to happen is you might be feeling a certain way perhaps you're feeling a bit sad perhaps you're feeling a bit bored you might have an image of a chocolate bar in your mind and then you have that thought quite fancy a little bit of chocolate now as soon as you notice that thought what happens is you may notice you have an automatic thought process after that so you're more or less talking yourself into having that chocolate bar and how much better you're going to feel once you eat that chocolate bar so you're talking yourself in and these thought processes are automatic sometimes you actually know you're aware of them until you actually sit down you have that that bar of chocolate in your hand so it's very important to start focusing on the thoughts you have around those cravings initially and there will be a trigger it may be a thought i'd fancy some chocolate or it may be seeing some chocolate or maybe seeing some chocolate in your mind but there is something that triggers that once you're aware of that trigger then what we do is quite literally say stop clap your hands anything to stop that thought process once you've done that then what we do is bring in a a positive thought process that can help you to avoid eating chocolate and reach and maintain your ideal weight and shape so it could be something like i choose to be slim and healthy something that's positive okay and it has to be positive not i don't want to eat chocolate or i don't want to be fat it has to be positive so stated in the positive i want to be slim and healthy now okay so the process itself works with just basically sitting down to begin with think about the situation or the trigger that starts that behavior so as i've said before for eating chocolate it could be you might see somebody eating a bar of chocolate you might see it in your mind or you might just feel bored or upset and have the thought i want some chocolate so as soon as you notice that thought as soon as you see that image in your head you stop and bring in the new positive thought i choose to be slim and healthy now what this does is weaken that old thought pattern i want some chocolate which results in ultimately you sitting down and eating the chocolate sometimes we don't even notice we're doing it until we're literally sitting there eating it so weakens that thought process and then it starts to create a new more strong thought process of oh i fancy some chocolate and immediately the next thing you think about is being slim and healthy so over time that old neural pathway to i fancy some chocolate i have that chocolate now becomes off quite fancy chocolate you know what no i don't because i choose to be slim and healthy now this pattern interrupt or stop pattern can use you can use this with any habits any negative thought process but the main thing is is to become aware of your thoughts and the actual triggers for those behaviors so as you can see it's a simple process really really effective it's one that i use with my clients in my business and it's one that i personally use as well so anytime you notice a negative thought quite simply stop that thought yes it might not be appropriate for you to go stop if you're out and about just say the word stop in your head or cancel as soon as you say that word stop as soon as you say the word cancel then bring in the positive statement i choose to stop smoking i choose to be or if it's perhaps you have a negative thought process where you're probably unkind to yourself then stop that process i love and accept myself so notice the thought say stop or cancel in your mind and introduce a new more positive thought process and what you'll notice is perhaps over a couple of weeks or so you'll begin to notice a change and you'll notice that your habits those behaviors and those automatically change and become more positive so give it a go a really really simple technique to use and incredibly effective at stopping those bad habits and stopping those negative thoughts but remember you need to become aware of those thought process first before you introduce this stop pattern so give it a go hope it all works out for you take care and speak soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @hlb0111: I hope you do more videos.

- How to be Smoke Free: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm michael from performance hypnotherapy are you a smoker who has had trouble quitting we can help you with that psychotherapy is the science of pattern interrupts and pattern building that's so applicable to smoking think about it if you smoke if you feel agitated picking up a cigarette interrupts that pattern and you feel some relaxation if you feel bored picking up a cigarette interrupts that pattern and you feel some stimulation if you feel uncomfortable picking up the cigarette interrupts that pattern and you feel some comfort psychotherapy can do that and so much more by building healthy new patterns but a good question for you to ask is if it's that easy why doesn't everyone simply see a psychotherapist and the answer is there is a piece missing and that piece is clinical hypnosis smoking is an unconscious mental and emotional habituation and so you need an unconscious therapy which accesses patterns and processes habituations at the unconscious level in order to effectively interrupt those patterns and build new patterns the combination of strategic psychotherapy and clinical hypnosis does that so effectively if you'd like help with this simply book online with us at our website or message us via social media or even better email us and we'll get back to you at our next availability