- The Dark Life After 15 Minutes of Fame: Kind: captions Language: en Whether they wanted to be famous or it happened by accident, these viral stars went from regular people to having millions of followers overnight. However, the quicker the rise, the sharper the fall. And today we are going to discuss how these people used their 15 minutes of fame and how nearly all of them ended in disaster. Starting with the backpack kid, who is a perfect example of making all of the wrong decisions during a brief stint in popularity. Before Tik Tok became the go-to app to share mediocre dance moves to a global audience, 16-year-old Russell Horning was bored, uploading dance videos to Instagram with zero expectations. Initially, his signature dance style was funny. His core was stiff. His lanky arms just kind of flailed around while he stared emotionless into the camera. Additionally, he often wore goofy outfits and chose to dance to silly songs. [Music] Russell was extremely recognizable after watching just one video, which led to him gaining a small following on IG. But his entire life changed when Rihanna posted one of his videos to her 54 million followers. She tagged Russell in a post celebrating her Grammy nominations, and he gained over 40,000 followers in one day. To capitalize on the momentum, Russell pumped out as many dance videos as he could, skyrocketing him up to over 500,000 followers. There was one particular dance called the floss that seemed to get him the most views, with many people falsely crediting him as the inventor of the move. However, his videos were not getting shared because he was an excellent dancer, but rather because he was a meme. Whenever he did collaborate with other dancers, he was often seen as the weakest one. Despite this, opportunities were being thrown his way because of his follower count. Like when Katy Perry personally requested that he dance for her Saturday Night Live performance in May of 2017. Russell absolutely stole the show, flossing aggressively while staring dead pan into the souls of millions of live viewers. He also strategically chose to wear a backpack, rebranding himself as the backpack kid. The SNL appearance gained him millions of followers, and the floss became a global dance craze. The Backpack Kid was an internet sensation, but he made a few key mistakes that ultimately led to his downfall. Firstly, Russell took every interview and press opportunity he could get. Viral stars will get thousands of dollars thrown at them just to do collaborations with media outlets, podcasters, or live entertainment companies. So, what you just getting paid to go show up at parties and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that? Yeah, clubs and parties and festivals and performances and stuff. So, you just pop out on stage, you do the dance, everybody goes crazy. Yeah, that's pretty much how it goes. Yeah, that's tight. How much uh can you get to go to a club if you don't mind letting us know? Um, manager shakes his head no. Manager shakes his head no. Is it is it an amount that you're pretty impressed by? Like, are you are you surprised that you're able to get that much money just to go somewhere? Compared to most 17year-olds, the money that I make from just one appearance, it could take a 17-year-old forever to make that much money. It's hard to blame someone for making easy money. Then again, the overexposure bothers people because they perceive Russell as a one-trick pony who doesn't deserve thousands of dollars or recognition from these big platforms. Remember before the internet when you actually had to do something to get famous, but then reasonable criticism turned into straightup hatred. He looks like one of those inflatable aliens you win at an amusement park. This kid manchild thing scares me. Since he became famous for literally one thing, he had to branch out and try to find other ways to entertain his audience. So, he decided to pursue music, releasing one of the worst songs of all time, Flossen. Although Russell claimed that he was passionate about music, his songs felt like someone who was barely trying or maybe even just joking rather than a serious artistic endeavor. Virality made Russell feel pressured to just keep doing what is paying the bills. So, he resorted back to his one dance move, which ultimately led to a situation where he tried to perform on a stage that he was not wanted on. [Applause] Whether it be main character syndrome or just a simple misunderstanding, his dance move lost all of its appeal. and doing it made him seem like he was desperately hanging on to his viral moment, which was made 10 times worse when he filed a lawsuit against Fortnite for putting the dance in their game. It was really my mom and my management that did the lawsuit. I'm kind of just a kid having fun in life. I'm just letting the adults do all the busy work. I don't really know the law like that, so I can't really say if they're like taking advantage of me or anything like that, but like from a mom standpoint, like a manager standpoint, they think that they're taking advantage of me. A couple days after the lawsuit was filed, videos dating as far back as 2011 were resurfaced showing people who were doing the dance long before the backpack kid. Simply put, he did not own the dance, and many viewed it as one final attempt to cash in on his fading relevance. Unsurprisingly, Russell and his team voluntarily dismissed their lawsuit shortly after. The Backpack Kids 15 minutes of fame were officially over. And despite being hated by the masses and falling off to the point where he receives less than 1,000 views per video, these days, Russell actually seems happier than when he was at his peak. He is pursuing music more seriously and remains dedicated to pushing out a positive message to the world. But as I got older, I started having a more mature mindset on money. I realized that it's important to choose good decisions on how to spend your money. I was just invited to do an anti- vaping commercial for the American Lung Association. And of course, my first thoughts were, "Oh, yeah." Cuz I don't vape. I don't smoke. I definitely don't encourage it. Then again, he openly accepted the opportunity to be on Kaisenat's stream where he was absolutely embarrassed by Duski. Get the out of your stupid ass. Sure, this was just a skit, but Russell was the butt of the joke. Once again, becoming a viral star at age 16 is definitely difficult to manage. Maybe he was just young and misguided. However, the same justification cannot be made for Salt Bay, who is a grown man that should have known better than to be acting like a fool. In 2017, a video of Turkish chef Nuser Goceier went viral of him dramatically slicing steak. then sprinkling salt from his fingertips down his forearm and onto the meat. What made this so ridiculous was his dedication to making salt sprinkling look like some sort of fancy artistic technique. Combine that with his handsome Johnny Depp resemblance and the internet gave him the nickname salt bay. Salt Bay didn't just embrace the meme, he became it. He continued posting obnoxious videos of him caressing raw meat, dancing with raw meat, and of course his signature salting. He was shouted out by celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio, Drake, and even cooked for the king of Jordan. The internet fame didn't just gain him followers. It launched his career as a global restaurant owner. He launched and expanded his Nusret steakhouse empire to over 20 locations worldwide, racking up tens of millions of dollars in revenue. However, with more exposure comes more criticism. Many began to wonder if he was actually this mystical, passionate culinary artist or just another guy trying to cash in on some fame. One major critique was the outrageous prices at his restaurants that had patrons feeling more scammed than served. Take the Salt Bay Golden Experience, for example, where Salt Bay will personally serve you your food with a show. A single Tomahawk steak cost nearly $1,000 and a burger will set you back almost $200. Now, the prices are so high because the food is covered in edible gold, which sounds fancy until you find out that the gold is worth a measly $10. Then again, rich people blowing insane amounts of money on dumb things isn't exactly shocking. If anything, it fits his brand perfectly. This is the guy who made something as simple as sprinkling salt look like Michelangelo chiseling the final details onto David. However, the real reason people turned on Salt Bay was much more embarrassing than a $200 burger. At the 2022 World Cup, after Argentina defeated France, Salt Bay somehow ended up on the pitch celebrating the victory with the team. How did he even get there? Cameras caught him pulling on Messi's arm, practically forcing him into a handshake. Messi, the greatest football player of all time, clearly was just wanting to move forward, but Salt Bay would not let go. Messi finally gave in and shook his hand just to get it over with, but Salt Bay held on tight and pulled him into a photo. You can see it all over Messi's face that he had no idea who this guy was or why he was even there. It was clear Salt Bay was trying to steal this big moment for himself. But it gets worse. He grabbed the World Cup trophy like he won the damn thing and even did his signature salt sprinkling move over it. As if that wasn't cringy enough, he was posing for pictures with players with their medal in his mouth. These players dreamed and worked their whole lives for this once-in-a-lifetime moment, only for some clout chaser to steal some publicity to promote his overpriced stakes. He responded to the backlash with an apology, claiming he didn't step on the pitch for advertising reasons, but the damage was already done, and Saltbay's 15 minutes of fame were over. Salt Bay has shut down multiple restaurants after the hype has died down. Many of his remaining locations are drowning in poor reviews and his London restaurant is down €4.3 million as customers have realized his food is way overpriced. Salt Bay has resorted to selling his high-end food online now. In May of last year, people started to notice that his steakhouse was listed on Deliveroo and Uber Eats, selling his Salt Bay Tomahawk for $500 and a strip loin for almost $900, proving he really hasn't learned from his critics. Then again, there are plenty of rich people out there willing to waste money on overpriced food just because they can. And his virality and social media following alone will easily keep him in business for the rest of his life. But if you think Salt Bay was making a fool of himself, it doesn't even remotely compare to the Island Boys, whose fall-off is much more disgusting than you could ever imagine. The Island Boys are a duo made up of twin brothers Alex Fly Soldier and Frankie Kodiak Red. two aspiring Florida men covered in face tattoos who blew up overnight in 2021 after they posted a Tik Tok video of them freestyling in a hot tub. Oh, I'm a island boy. Hey, I'm just boy. I'm just boy. People couldn't decide if the tune was the worst thing they'd ever heard or lowkey kind of a banger. I'm a island boy. What is happening? I don't know and ain't trying to understand it. Plus, hip hop has a history for blowing up artists who ride the paper thin line between trash and fire. Rapper Kodak Black even offered them a record deal after their viral video, which is insane because this wasn't even a real song yet, just two goofballs mumbling in a hot tub. They turned down the deal, claiming that they wanted to stay independent, but this was a huge mistake. They believe they could make it on their own talent, but if we're being honest, most of their fame came from people clowning them. I played this song at my sister's funeral. She got out of the casket to shut it off. Thank you, island boys. This is the 0.01% of germs that Bleach can't kill. When they decided to finally cut the record over a beat and released it with a music video, it was somehow worse. This the type of hidden talent that should absolutely remain hidden. Like many other viral stars, they were paid to do appearances at clubs, which became a prime example of when social media meets reality. At Miami's Club Live, the audience began booing the Island Boys on stage. Once music fans realized the Island Boys had no capability of making a somewhat decent song, there was really no reason to pay attention to them and their 15 minutes of fame was about to be up. The boys needed a new way to profit from their fame. So, they began selling personalized videos to fans on Cameo, which apparently was very lucrative. According to their previous manager, they owe me about like $150,000 from what? Your percentage of the Cameo money? Yeah. Is that the only money they're bringing in? Um, mostly, maybe a little bit on TikTok, but I mean, it's pretty much run dry at this point, right? How many cameos are they doing? When I when I was with them, it they was coming in hot. They were viral. It was going like 2 three hours a night straight cameos. But with them spending all of their money on designer clothes, jewelry, cars, and mansions, they needed to keep going viral to maintain this lifestyle, which almost always resulted in them making absolute fools of themselves on the internet. Yeah, she likes the way you looks. She thinks she looks good. Uhhuh. They also might have needed some money to hire security because the gangster persona was not convincing enough. I'm a real gangster. In what could only be called an unhinged move and in hindsight the final nail in their career's coffin, the Island Boys launched a fansley, which is basically just an OAF. And it wasn't just embarrassing, it was downright sickening. In 2023, the Island Boys posted a video of them kissing each other in a publicity stunt to market their NSFW content, instantly going viral for the second time. The video got them a huge amount of backlash, with many calling it outright incest, which it is. The twins insisted it wasn't sexual and was only meant to get a reaction, claiming that they just wanted to see how effed up this world is. And it turns out they were right about this world because after their kissing stunt, it was reported that the Island Boys made almost $400,000 in 3 months just on their NSFW content, temporarily funding their lavish lifestyle. But of course, this resulted in more public humiliation. What's going on with the that's with with you two kissing each other and bro? Shut your ass up and break this. Hey yo, that ass that ass. I would love to see you try that, bro. What are you talking? I would love to see you try that. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro? Oh my god. The desperate attempts to remain in the spotlight combined with a severe lack of talent and expensive lifestyle has led to incredibly lows for the Island Boys. Kodiak Red was arrested for drug possession and an illegal firearm during a traffic stop. During the stop, a plastic bag containing white pills was found on the passenger side floorboard in plain view. The pills were identified as oxycodone. A further search of the vehicle uncovered a brown handbag containing a handgun with its serial numbers removed along with a cut straw with a white powdery substance. These days, they pretty much spend all of their time promoting their NSFW content. And trust me when I say they went much further than just kissing each other. And if we're being honest, this will likely remain a consistent income stream for them, as there are definitely still a ton of people out there that are willing to pay to see this type of degeneracy. But unlike the Island Boys, sometimes we actually find ourselves rooting for a viral star. We hope that they become successful after their 15 minutes are up. Like the case of Mason Ramsay, who became a breakout star when a video went viral of him yodelling in the middle of Walmart in Harrisburg, Illinois. Lord, I don't know what to do. All I do is hold that last. The clip racked up tens of millions of views in just a few days, turning the 11-year-old Mason into a worldwide meme. Not only is Yodelling kind of objectively hilarious, but a child singing a song that was 70 years old was oddly charming. Because of his viral performance, the original song, Hank Williams' Lovesick Blues, skyrocketed all the way to the third spot on Spotify's viral 50 chart. Within weeks, Ramsay was sitting across from Ellen DeGeneres, who got him invited to perform at the legendary Grand Old Opry. From there, he was embraced by thousands of fans while performing at Coachella. Major record labels noticed his potential and eventually Mason would secure a deal with Atlantic Records and Big Loud. The minute Mason and his family walked into Big Loud, I knew we had to work with him. He is a star, but most importantly, he is a downto-earth kid who loves country music. The Ramsies are an amazing family from a small southern Illinois town just like me. We understood them and their goals and simply fell in love with their story and vision, proving that he wasn't just a meme. His debut single, Famous, secured the number four spot on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and peaked at number 62 on the Hot 100. But viral memes naturally have an expiration date, and soon Mason Ramsay's 15 minutes of fame were over. When the pandemic hit, it forced Mason to take a step back. However, he used his time away from the spotlight as best as someone could in his position. While his voice was maturing, he focused on refining his talent, writing music, and finding his own sound beyond the yodelling kid in Walmart that made him famous. Mason released three EPs that gained over 500 million streams combined and secured hundreds of millions of views on his music videos. By 2024, at 17 years old, he decided it was time to take the next step in his career and release a fulllength album titled I'll See You in My Dreams. A song featured on the project called Blue All Over caught a lot of attention through Tik Tok for its classic old country appeal and I can confirm it is a beautiful song. Now in 2025, Mason Ramsay recently announced his first major headlining tour that has 15 stops. Mason's rise to fame started almost exactly the same as everyone else in this video. But instead of trying to chase more fleeting viral moments or make some quick cash, he honed in on his craft, worked hard, and simply gave the people exactly what they wanted. genuine talent and entertainment. This was one of the few times social media made the right person famous, the only viral kid that didn't switch up after the fame. So, while Mason worked hard and focused on genuine entertainment, Bobby Alto seems to ignore both of those things. As many people are genuinely confused how someone who has done so little has achieved so much success. Bobby Alto started as a mommy Tik Tocker after the pandemic, posting about her pregnancy, marriage, and family dynamics. After posting thousands of videos over a couple of years, she had built up a respectable 3 million followers. However, Tik Tok wasn't paying the bills and her marriage wasn't doing too well. So, the wholesome family content was about to come to a screeching halt. She said, "I saw this video of a girl talking about how much she made from her podcast. And I think I mentally decided that she made at least $300,000 a year on her podcast alone, and I was like, that's what I need to do next. I need a podcast." Her large following helped her land her first celebrity guest, Rick Glassman, who is a comedian and actor. And in the first podcast, fans got to see Bobby in a totally new light. She was seemingly a socially awkward valley girl giving off the vibe that she didn't even want to host her own podcast. The way your eyes are looking, it seems like you're not listening. I'm listening. Do you care? No, I do care. It's just really bad when you sing. I'm not a singer. I'm just trying to Yeah. get the story across to you. Thank you. I I hear it. I got it. In her second podcast, she hosted comedian Funny Marco, who had great comedic chemistry with Bobby. Funny Marco's comedy style often makes others feel uncomfortable and awkward. So, the two were essentially battling it out in an interesting back and forth. So, like, who are you? Like, where' you Who am I? Yeah. Is that a serious question? I have more followers than you on TikTok. Marco's humor combined with Bobby's dryness and innocent personality makes this so hilarious. Highly entertaining. The episode quickly earned nearly a million views and clips of it made the rounds on social media. The mini virality caught the attention of Drake who followed Bobby on Instagram. I DM' Drake and asked if he wanted to be on my podcast and he said yes. He sent me his touring schedule and I knew that I needed to make it happen fast. So, my friend and I flew to Memphis 2 days after the original DM was sent to record the episode. Her podcast with Drake earned 1 million views in the first 24 hours and introduced her to a massive mainstream audience. Drake rarely does interviews, so this one alongside some random girl while laying in his bed made people extremely curious. Am I your type? Um, I'd do it. Thank you. I'm just saying like, you know, I flew all the way here. You did? I really do appreciate on my daughter's first birthday. I wasn't going to bring that up. Mhm. You missed your daughter's first birthday for to be here. Dark regret that you'll never be able to undo. Yeah. Horrible parenting. Where's your son? Somewhere safe. And it's not his birthday. When's his birthday? What does it matter? It ain't today. Honey, don't call me honey. Clips of their awkward interactions flooded Tik Tok. And overnight, Bobby Alto became a household name on social media. After the Drake episode, securing high-profile guests became easy. She had on Lil Yachty, Taiga, and even Mark Cuban. Her style of bored, sarcastic humor became her signature, and people seemed to love it. But just 3 weeks after the Drake interview was posted, which now had over 10 million views, it was mysteriously deleted from her page, and he unfollowed her on Instagram, sparking a ton of speculation. While fans were trying to figure out what happened, people were reminded that Bobby skipped her daughter's first birthday to interview Drake, which didn't seem to sit right with people, especially because Bobby used to be a mom focused Tik Tocker. When Drake calls you a horrible parent, you know you effed up. Rumors also spread that Bobby slept with Drake and divorced her husband just to do the interview, which she vehemently denied. But it is true that she divorced her husband, but the reason her and Drake's relationship soured was never revealed. So many people came to the conclusion that she was nothing more than an industry plant. Basically meaning that she didn't organically earn her virality, but rather she was handpicked by people behind the scenes and artificially pushed into the spotlight using Drake's fame as the catalyst. The main piece of evidence for this theory was that she signed to the WME talent agency, one of the biggest talent agencies in the United States, representing a ton of Hollywood figures, including Drake. Well, you got a great agent and you got a great agency and you got great guests. Regardless if the rumors were true or not, it gave even more of a reason to dislike Bobby. And her comedic style got old very quickly. Listening to her uninterested voice is like nails on a chalkboard. And while most of her interviews, she is the one driving the conversation. There were frequent moments where celebrities got tired of her shtick mid conversation and turn the tables on her. Damn, I'm trying to get you to play. You lost in the sauce. You ain't shaking my hand. We f to get you to to 25 million. You know what I'm saying? Just a little sprinkle. Have a great day off that. Just a little seasoning. All right, you can you can leave now. This is my hotel. I paid for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You can leave now. All of her podcasts feel like small talk while waiting for something to actually happen. It's just simply boring. Ironically, her revealing that she was just playing a character actually became worse for her because the little mystique she did have was now completely gone. In an interview on the Women on Top podcast, she explained why she embodies a satirical alter ego on social media, saying, "Being myself doesn't get views. I had to go where the money was." And her playing the character of someone who is bored and uninterested is just not a sustainable style for long-term success. Awkward and cringe humor can work, but in short clips, not hour-long podcasts. In response to the backlash, she tried to just be more herself, not trying to be so awkward and even remove the dead air moments from the pod. But all that did was reveal that she is just a subpar podcast host who is only doing it for the money. Although her 15 minutes of fame are over, she will likely remain a lingering socialite as long as she is signed to a talent agency that can get her celebrity guests. And on Tik Tok is where you will still see her fan base praise her for putting in the least amount of effort possible. This story feels all too similar to the Hawkua girl with the main difference being that Bobby didn't outright scam the few people that actually supported her. Walking around drunk in Nashville at 2 a.m. Haley Welsh and her friend Chelsea approached a couple of guys and asked them what they were filming. YouTubers Tim and D told them that they do on the street interviews where they typically ask about relationships, male and female gender roles, as well as provocative and sometimes runchy topics. Chelsea asked D to make it a spicy one, implying that he should ask a question that might be a little edgy. Come on, you got to get a spicy one. You want a spicy one? Yeah. So, he did just that. Only Megan's friend Haley would jump in and give an answer that would drastically change her life. You know how to answer this. You got it. What's one move in bed that makes a man go crazy every time? You got to give him that hawk to spit on that night. You get me? After having a silly interview, Chelsea and Haley confirmed that they wanted their video to be posted to social media. You like I was earlier. That's it. Yeah. Okay. Jim and DTV. All right. You said we better. You said we better post that. Yes. Okay. Post it through. All right. She said we better post it. So don't come back trying to tell me, "Hey, take it down. I'm I'mma sue you." This, that, the third. Tim and D posted the video to their Instagram account, which had tens of thousands of followers. And the clip immediately went viral, securing 1 million views on the first day and over 5 million views on the second day. The post spread like wildfire, being shared across countless meme pages and pop culture news reporters. The comments read, "She's a national treasure. Keep this woman safe. I'm moving down south. I'm tired of these northeast women. If she don't hawk tua, I don't want to talk to her." On the surface, Haley appeared to be the stereotypical southern bell. Sweet and charming, complimented by a thick accent. So, her describing her runchy bedroom tactics was a stark contrast. Within days, merch was being sold to capitalize on the viral traffic. But it wasn't until her first interview that we would find out more about the girl behind Hawk Tua. What do you do now? Because now you have management, now you have a team. What are your plans moving forward? Like, do you want to still be the Hucka girl or do you want to like I don't really want that to be like my image. Yeah. Like h to girl. I just I don't see that being like my thing. Yeah. I don't want to be known as that. You made a drunk joke and the next day you have whole management behind you. This world is crazy. Haley took the typical path of a viral star. She hired management and they immediately got her as much press as possible, jumping on various podcasts to talk about her rise to fame. She got paid to show up at events and hung out backstage with celebrities. She was being amplified to unimaginable levels with Rolling Stone calling her a charming Gen Z Doll Dolly Parton who's rightfully becoming America's sweetheart. Keep in mind that Dolly Parton is a generational talent who sold 100 million records in her career. Rolling Stone of all publications making that comparison just shows how they will say anything for clicks. And while many people thought that Haley would start an OAF to cash in, she decided she wanted to use her fame for good. Everybody in the comments is saying how I have 15 minutes of fame. And if that's the case, then I'm going to spend it doing something good. Today, we're taking all of this down to the local animal shelter and donate. People were convinced they made the right person famous, but most viral stars struggled to earn a consistent income from their newfound fame. So, in order to secure a sustainable revenue source, she launched the Talk to a podcast. And immediately the jokes came flooding in. Talk to like an emphasis on it like Once the whole I'm just a normal girl whose life changed overnight story ran its course. She tried to keep viewers engaged by dropping hints that she had a secret lover that she called Pooky, but it just wasn't interesting enough to get people to watch. Can we go back to what you said you're dating somebody? Do people know this? Uh, well, I wouldn't say dating just yet. Is this pooky? It's pooky. Shut the heck up. That's my man. No, it is. That is my man officially. What if Matt Refe came in and asked you to date him? Would he be your ex-Man? Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're putting me on the spot here. I'm sorry. I love you, Matt, but I'm about to kick your ass to the curb. Her comment section was flooded with people sarcastically saying that the podcast was groundbreaking and changed their life. I'm convinced that the only reason why this podcast had decent viewership is because of the massive amount of jokes dedicated to making fun of watching the Talk to a Podcast. But perhaps people were being a bit harsh on Haley. Sure, she may have been milking her 15 minutes of fame, but can you blame her? If people wanted to watch hours of her podcast and get to know her, then so be it. It's not like she was harming anyone, right? Wrong. Because Haley would make a decision that would officially destroy her career. On December 4th, 2024, in collaboration with the web 3 platform, Over here limited, Haley launched her own memecoin called Hawk. The coin was marketed as a revolutionary cryptocurrency project. Within 15 minutes of its launch, it hit a $490 million market cap, but then it crashed. It was revealed that 97% of the total supply was initially controlled by just 10 people, leaving only 3% for public buyers. A total of 285 investors took part in the pre-sale, but once trading opened, 30% of them immediately dumped their entire holdings, while another 23% offloaded a portion. This sell-off tanked the token's value by over 90% while the sellers walked away with an estimated $3 million. After this, Haley posted a statement on Twitter insisting that the team never sold the tokens. Many accused her of rug pulling, which is basically a coordinated sell-off from a small group of investors to make profits while the public loses their entire investment. In short, this was not a revolutionary cryptocurrency project. This was a way to make a quick buck off of her uneducated fans. YouTuber Coffeezilla investigated and exposed the coin as a scam. Who makes the money on the fees? Someone just made over a million dollars on fees. Who made it? First of all, the fees were there with Meteora pools. And that goes to Yes. the creator, right? Which is who who is the project? Well, the project is over here, Haley Welch, right? And and how much does Haley Welch own? This is Haley Welch's project. says she owns all did she just make a million dollars on fees on who made the money? How much did Haley Welsh make of that million? 1.8 million. It's who it's a foundation income. I hate to interrupt you, Nick, but hello there. But anyh who, I'm going to go to bed and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Multiple lawsuits were filed against the entities behind Hawk, including Over here Limited and the Two of the Moon Foundation. These lawsuits alleged unlawful promotion and sale of unregistered securities. Welsh received an upfront payment of $125,000 to promote the coin to her community along with 50% of the net trading proceeds after the operating costs paid to the third parties. And she owned 10% of the entire hawk supply, although she could not sell them for a year. Now, it is possible that Haley did not know what she was getting into. But ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law. Her 15 minutes of fame are most definitely over, but since her memecoin, she has disappeared from social media. So, we'll have to see what she does next. In a world filled with amazing talent, interesting, and intelligent people who work hard for the attention of those that can make their dreams a reality, it seems like the wrong people are constantly achieving overnight success. And that's never going to change. So, eventually, there will be a part two of this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @originalMA [1 likes]: Backpack kid is just a sweet kid tried to do his best!!
  2. @JilianneWarner: I'm a completionist so I ordered both 🙃 Not really a fan of orange so I'll probably just play the glacier since they have the same biomes
  3. @Brandon-dy8us: "The dark life after 15 mins of fame" 
"Backpack kid seems happier now!" You contradicted your own clickbait title right away lmao.
  4. @p4kito92: Idiocracy
  5. @Bigmikeshow: These podcast out there are so bad. Who listens to this crap 🤣
  6. @Bigmikeshow: Salt bae definitely takes cake for most embarrassing 🤡. The best comment was the guy on “Hawk-tua” viral video- if she don’t hawk tua, I don’t want to talk to her🤣🤣
  7. @bigmofarah9084: Two surprising things:

Salt Bae has 'good looks'. Absolutely not.

And those incest brothers taking time out from making out to get lairy with people
  8. @vitaliykulinskiy8547: „This is Amerika“
  9. @PRSASQUATCH: I hate these people but i hate the people that made them " Famous " even more
  10. @AnneliesWolput: World-wide-meme😂
  11. @bananaoverlord21: Genuinely downloaded masons song “before I knew it” it’s catchy
  12. @macoson: where is Lech Roch Pawlak?
  13. @chillnagasden6190: Also, "drake" and "some random girl".
I mean that's correct.
But Drake is "some random" as well.
He's responsible for other insufferable randoms like Ninja accidentally getting forced to fame.
Sick of it.
  14. @TheOneCleanHippy: If you're participating in a cryptocurrency buy-in for a short-lived viral media star, I can't say I have much sympathy for you losing your money. Because that is dumb as fuck.
  15. @Noname-ni8qm: 😂 peoplle are brainless to think this is stars
  16. @RobMyself: Salt Bae is the king of cringe, the biggest scam and a freaking ripoff. On top of it, he's a horrible person.
  17. @zjellymold934: I was actually terrified when you listed Mason Ramsey on here but I'm so relieved and happy for him!
  18. @daprinceomar: 9:50 to be fair its normal steakhouse prices. no1 is forcuing people to get the gold-foiled 10x-priced crap.
  19. @ThatZombieGuy81: Is tens of thousands easier to say than 80 thousand? Or does it sound cooler
  20. @ThatZombieGuy81: That island boy crap physically makes me want to rage quit. I broke up with a girl that said it constantly.  Best decision of my life

- Social Media Trap: The Disturbing Side of Viral Fame |  Cautionary Story: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back everyone buckle up because today's story will take you on a wild ride through the treacherous world of social media are you ready let's dive in in a small bustling City lived a teenager named Alex who was obsessed with becoming an internet sensation Alex spent every waking moment crafting the perfect posts chasing viral Trends and curating an image that screamed cool and trendy but there was one problem Alex was always one step behind the latest craze one day while scrolling through endless feeds of influencers living their best lives Alex stumbled upon an obscure social media challenge called the ultimate trap it was risky daring and had the potential to make anyone an overnight star excited Alex thought this is it my chance to shine determined to win the challenge Alex spent hours perfecting their trap video the setup was elaborate smoke machines neon lights and even a choreograph dance routine everything had to be perfect Alex's heart raced as they hit upload and watched The View count tick upwards but then something strange happened the video started gaining traction not just among Alex's friends but across the entire internet likes shares and comments flooded in Alex couldn't believe it could this be their big break with every notification Alex's excitement grew but so did their anxiety the pressure to keep up with this new found Fame was overwhelming then a message popped up in Alex's inbox congrats on the viral video but there's something you need to know curious and a bit wary Alex opened the message it was from a mysterious account with no profile picture no name just an anonymous handle the message read the Trap is is not just a challenge it's a test if you want to stay on top you need to follow these rules Alex's curiosity was peaked but so was Their Fear what were these rules and why was someone trying to control their success determined to find out Alex followed the instructions they were simple yet strange keep the video live for 24 hours post daily updates and never reveal who gave them the challenge as the hours passed Alex adhered to the rules but the pressure was intense the fame was intoxicating yet the shadowy figure's control loomed large each update felt like a game of cat and mouse with Alex constantly wondering if the mysterious figure was watching then came the twist Alex received another message you've done well but now the final test begins post a video revealing your true self or face the consequences Panic set in Alex had built their entire Persona around a False Image what would happen if they revealed their true self with Trembling Hands Alex prepared the final video they had to choose between maintaining their fabricated fame or being genuine the final video was heartfelt raw and real Alex revealed their true self including the pressure they faced and the anonymous manipulator behind it all surprisingly the reaction was overwhelmingly positive viewers appreciated Alex's honesty and authenticity the mysterious account disappeared leaving Alex to rebuild their presence from scratch but now with a newfound respect for being genuine and so Alex learned an important lesson the Trap of social media Fame is not worth losing yourself it's better to be authentic even if it means starting over the true success comes from being real not from chasing the latest Trend thanks for joining us on this wild social media Adventure if you enjoyed this story don't forget to like comment and subscribe for more exciting content until next time stay true to yourself and keep chasing your dreams [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @shaikdahaseer8694: Very good and informative video ❤

- What Happen When You Goes Viral On Social Media | The Lazy Guy: Kind: captions Language: en One random reel changed his entire life. At first, it was just another normal upload. No expectations, no pressure. But the next morning, everything exploded. Millions of views, thousands of comments, followers increasing every second. People everywhere started sharing his videos. For the first time in his life, he felt important. He felt famous. He felt like a celebrity. Money started coming fast. Brand deals, promotions, easy income, easy fame. And slowly he started believing this life would last forever. So he bought a luxury car, a big house, expensive clothes, a fake perfect lifestyle for social media. But there was one problem. The money wasn't enough. So he took loans because he believed one more viral reel would fix everything. At first it worked. But slowly views started dropping. Comments became less. People got bored. Followers started leaving. The algorithm stopped helping him. And the same audience that once loved him started ignoring him. Now loan pressure increased every month. Bills never stopped. So he became desperate. He uploaded more reals, more trends, more cringe content. But nothing worked anymore. Then stress turned into anger. He started blaming his audience, insulting viewers, fighting in comments, and finally people started reporting his account. One day everything ended. His account got demonetized. No money, no views, no fame, nothing. And the worst part, he never focused on real life skills, no stable job, no backup plan. The same internet that made him famous forgot him completely. Now he sits alone every night, watching old viral videos of himself, thinking how one viral moment destroyed his entire future. Because fame is temporary, but skills stay forever.

- 33 AMAZING SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS! Compilation | Best of the Year: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] n down [Applause] oh a he n a sh I go w ch

  Top Comments:
  1. @FunScienceX [117 likes]: 22 AMAZING SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS! Compilation | Best of the Year | PART 2
https://youtu.be/7dP7ytW-KC4
  2. @כהן-ק9פ [1 likes]: מי שחושב שזה שקר שיעשה לייק
  3. @DURAIMURUGANALMURALIMoe [1 likes]: Like
  4. @cutediy [1 likes]: Hoooooooooooooooooooooooooow😮😮😮😮😮
  5. @cutediy [1 likes]: incredible 😮OMG
  6. @AmandaRadier [1 likes]: 5:07 Elsa 😂😂😂
  7. @bennyho7638: 😮
  8. @ScienceGlint: 33 experiments in one video is crazy! Which one was the most difficulty to film?
  9. @condreaelena5964: Cool experiments❤❤ !
  10. @LianThary: Must try
  11. @דוליכהן-פ9ח: אני מכירה הכל בעלפה אז זה לא מעניין!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  12. @LuminoLab-02: Colorful rain is amazing
  13. @misstricx: How to do the ice one
  14. @timetoplayminecraft8832: 10:30 looks like a sheep horn
  15. @Saznika: Вау!!!!
  16. @SchoolDawson: how did the glass get sealed at  7:00 in this video?
  17. @ליאתעזרא-ל7כ: שקרניים😈😈😈👹👹
  18. @AmadeAfai-q7u: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  19. @mr.johndavid1302: التفريط في التفكير
  20. @intervalz-2015: 33 M vues XD

- 40 Crazy Science Experiments - Experiments You Can Do at Home Compilation by Inventor 101: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] ahahahahahahahahah yeah fin oh he w a o n

  Top Comments:
  1. @SwapanSardar-j9d [1 likes]: Very good experiment 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊🎉🎉😊😊
  2. @handyfixtips [1 likes]: This tiny invention is surprisingly impressive—I love the creativity, and a smoother final look could make it even better.
  3. @mrsingaporeman_3324 [1 likes]: 0:13 The leaf farted💀
  4. @Nuh-ipa: Music harom y
  5. @BrainGlitch-k7j: People who love science never run out of curiosity.
  6. @제성-x7g: 6:44
  7. @TitinLastuti: 8:16
  8. @CrazyLabF-111: https://www.youtube.com/@crazylabf-111
  9. @KhorHinBG: Can you give me the name of the experiment in 1:27
  10. @JoinobAktar-b3v: 🎉🎉🎉
  11. @Poorki-f7r5s: Ом
  12. @AmanAli-j3g1x: . C
  13. @PradeepPrajapati-z6s: 0:19,0:50 ,0:59 , 2:55, 3:29, 3:51, 5:37, 6:06, 8:11
  14. @JensGrobePerdekamp: Super gemacht, ich freue mich auf mehr solche Inhalte.
  15. @RanasabhaiRabari: ❤❤❤
  16. @RanasabhaiRabari: ❤❤❤
  17. @shohagsr-x2c: I Am Busy, My Stickers?
  18. @pharmamind2: this is AI
  19. @אסתרחניה: מטורףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףףף
  20. @DjenebouBallo-o3m: Tintin.tu.man.trot

- TOP 50 Amazing Water Experiments & Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en 50 Amazing Water Experiments & Tricks cotton candy orbeez hot water 20 min water, baking soda, vinegar (70%) baking soda 500g vinegar (70%) 480ml leave it for 3 hours add 100 ml of water slow cook until the mixture is clear leave it at room temperature to completely cool down water sodium alginate 1gr calcium lactate 5gr alcohol + water 1:1 ratio sunflower oil alcohol 96% syrup, soap, water, oil, alcohol alcohol, water, salt water needle sink needle doesn't sink iodine hydrogen peroxide vinegar 5 min later color back! indigo carmine glucose sodium hydroxide ammonia, baking soda, sugar, water, salt, hydrogen peroxide, sprite, vinegar water glue ink food coloring alcohol ascorbic acid grind iodin starch acetic acid pepper soap water doesn't spill! focus! magic:) explanation Bernoulli’s Principle The reason for this is that as the man blows through the straw, the faster-moving air over the top of the straw creates an area of low pressure while the pressure on the surface of the water remains unchanged. Therefore, the water is drawn up the straw because of the area of low pressure. This experiment is used in commercial airbrushes, engine's carburettor etc. waterproof matches hydrogen peroxide 5ml alcohol 95% 80ml boiled water 100ml spray bottle disinfectant copper sulphate salt water color changed! graphite aluminum wire sponge 12 hours later potassium permanganate add more 1 hour later but now what's the secret? synthetic winterizer freeze dry food wrap sugar 2,5 spoons starch 1/4 spoon sugar 2,5 spoons 30 min sugar sugar+starch potassium permanganate solution why is it so? warm water 10 min later sugar-free 20 min later brilliant green solution iodine citric acid alcohol (70%) 40ml glycerin 10ml clear water 10ml 1-2 drops of essential oil sanitizer it's not possible with two straws

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ewelinkha [1 likes]: 2:53 can you eat this ice?
  2. @VideoMoltoBelli: Okay, the 50 water experiments are great and Mr. Hacker kept me entertained, but what I'm really trying to say is that the girl at 11:40 is really hot in my opinion.
You can tell by watching her hands. Bye 👋
  3. @binattayhoo: איזה דברים מושלמים אנסה את הפרח שניפח במים🌷➖➖➖➖➖➖➖🌺
  4. @ErikAndersen-zj9oc: Tack!
  5. @Buttercup123-i1c: I SAID,STOP !!!!!!~
  6. @Buttercup123-i1c: YOU ALREADY USED 12 BOTTLES OF WATER!PLEASE STOP WASTING WATER I BEG YOU!!!   ggggggggggggggggggggggyguugfvtrcfvvrcdvtf
  7. @Beanlord1919: 9:00 blew my mind
  8. @LuminoLab-02: this is cool i tried some of them...
  9. @Shashank3189: Wow🎉
  10. @TheHackWow: 👍
  11. @BabliMishra-z7t: I can’t believe how simple you made this!
  12. @usaofphysics: :hand-pink-waving:
  13. @camral-d4y: ❤❤❤❤❤4😊😊
  14. @jahstonesjewelry6989: that's cool and smart
  15. @Silent-Stoic: Water never looked this fun! These experiments and tricks are simple yet absolutely mesmerizing. Can’t wait to try them myself
  16. @angelrivera1551: WHO PUTS RED CABBAGE IN SPRITE💀
  17. @GogeBaily: This helped me understand the topic better.
  18. @danialvez-y3y: Thanks for keeping it simple.
  19. @EldaLargo: Really liked the structure of this video.
  20. @SulaimanSani-q6h: This is really impressive.

- 100 EASY SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS with Explanation - PART 1 (1-50): Kind: captions Language: en let's do a magic trick we'll need three paper cups pour some water into the first cup then swap the positions of the three cups can you guess which cup has the water is it this [Music] cup or maybe this one so it must be this one nope it's gone how did that happen well there's a secret ingredient super absorbent polymer powder a superabsorbent polymer is a polymer with an extraordinary ability to absorb water often hundreds of times its own weight when exposed to water the carboxy groups in the sap structure ionize creating negative charges these negative charges attract water's positive ions and form hydrogen bonds with other water molecules this process repeats forming a dense network of hydrogen bonds allowing sap to efficiently absorb and retain water check out this empty plate let's see what happens when we bring a piece of paper near it wow the paper caught on fire let's do it again and see if we can figure out why look at the burning paper Can you spot the flame it's actually the alcohol burning why is is the alcohol flame so hard to see alcohol Flames are difficult to see because they produce a blue flame that is almost invisible in daylight this happens because alcohols burn cleanly with little soot have lower flame temperatures the light emitted by burning alcohols is primarily in the blue and UltraViolet Spectrum which is less visible to the human eye especially in bright conditions first let's light a candle next we'll inflate a balloon and bring it near the flame you might expect a big pop but nothing happens that's because I've done a little trick I added some water to the balloon before inflating it why water protects a balloon from a candle flame when the balloon is filled with air the heat from the candle flame quickly heats the rubber causing it to weaken and burst however when there's water inside the balloon the water absorbs the heat from the flame instead of the rubber the heat from the flame is transferred to the water the water acts as a heat shield preventing the rubber from reaching its melting point this is super cooled water and it was the hardest experiment I've ever done unlike hot ice this is water that freezes in stly when I pour so how exactly do you do this experiment water can be cooled below its freezing point without turning into ice it's normally from 0° C or 32° F this is called super cooling because the water without any impurities or disturbances water molecules can remain in a liquid state even below 0° C actually they are essentially waiting to begin freezing when I put this frozen strawberry into Super cooled water it will trigger the freezing process this disturbance causes ice crystals to form rapidly the water will freeze almost instantly forming ice crystals throughout the water to do this experiment you need purified or distilled water and a freezer place the water bottles in the freezer for about 2 to 3 hours the exact time depends on your freezer's temperature but you need to check the water bottles many times before the water turns into ice carefully move the super cooled water from the freezer once the water is super cooled a slight disturbance can trigger the free freezing process you can try this experiment at home now and let me know how it turns out let's try a fun experiment take a piece of toilet paper and a glass put the paper in the glass turn it upside down and submerge it in water watch this the water doesn't go inside the glass and the paper remains dry why is that when you turn the glass upside down and submerge it the air inside the glass can't escape because the water is pushing up from below the trapped air creates pressure that prevents the water from entering the glass as long as the glass remains upright and doesn't tilt the air acts as a barrier keeping the toilet paper dry however if you tip the glass even slightly the air trapped in the glass will rush out in the form of bubbles water will then Rush In And the toilet paper will get wet which one looks bigger the a right now let's move the A on top of the B wow now the a looks smaller than in the be no they're actually the same size pretty cool huh this experiment is similar we have two sticks one on the left and one on the right you see the stick on the left is bigger than the one on the right right but actually they're the same size this plastic sheet is called a lubors lens or a lenticular lens it's a sheet of plastic with a series of tiny cylindrical lenses etched into its surface when light goes through it these tiny cylindrical lenses bend the light around stuff behind it making it look like the stuff isn't there it's pretty cool it's like a magic trick for this experiment we'll need a mirror and something called a 3D ambiguous cylinder illusion you can download the 3D model from the internet and print it out using a 3D printer it's really easy to do and it'll totally blow your friends Minds in this experiment you need four small glasses of water then add food coloring place the four glasses next to each other and tie them together with a rubber band after that cut the stem of the Rose like this and put it into the colored water and leave it overnight let's see what happens look the petals change color isn't it magical roses like all plants need water to survive when you place a white rose in colored water it starts absorbing the liquid through its stem inside the stem there are tiny tubes called xylm that carry water and nutrients upward to the flower as the rose drinks the colored water it's essentially Plumbing the color right into its petals water evaporates from the petals this process called transpiration as this happens the color from the water gets deposited into the petal cells gradually replacing the natural white pigment this process can be easily observed in a few days and the longer the roses stay in the colored water the more intense the color change will be in this experiment we'll be working with a balloon let's try hitting a balloon hard against a single nail it pops easily now let's try with many nails amazing right the balloon doesn't pop why is that imagine you're pushing a balloon with all your might against a single nail let's say 10 lbs of force all that Force concentrates on a tiny area the tip of the nail this intense pressure is strong enough to puncture the balloon's Rubber and make it pop now picture the balloon resting on many nails the same 10 lbs of force you apply get spread out among all the nails each nail only experiences a fraction of the total Force much less than the pressure from a single nail this reduced pressure on each nail isn't enough to pierce the balloon so it remains intact it's like the difference between stepping on a thumb tack and lying on a bed of nails where the body weight is distributed across many nails preventing any single nail from applying enough pressure to puncture the skin look at that the water freezes instantly it's pretty cool huh do you know what this is this is is called hot ice it can instantly change from liquid to solid crystals it is warm it is not cold like ice so that why it is called hot ice this experiment is very easy to do at home you just need to go to a chemical store and buy sodium acetate trihydrate which has the chemical formula on the screen next let's pour it into a pot add a little water heat it on the stove until it is completely dissolved and then pour it into a glass let it cool to room temperature sodium acetate trihydrate can be heated to dissolve it in water once dissolved the solution is allowed to cool down without being disturbed this cooling process can allow the solution to remain in a liquid state even below its normal freezing point this state is known as super cooled the supercooled solution is highly unstable when a disturbance occurs such as shaking the container adding a small crystal of sodium acetate or touching the solution it triggers the crystallization process the molecules quickly arrange themselves into a solid crystal structure releasing the energy stored during the Super cooling process the process of transitioning from a liquid to a solid releases latent heat this exothermic reaction is what causes the hot sensation when the crystallization takes place in this experiment we need a teabag you empty a teabag stand it up and put it on fire it's flying why is that the flying teabag experiment shows how heat heat and convection work when you fire it the burning bag heats the air inside it as the air heats up it rises creating a convection current once the tea bag burns down to a light Ash the rising hot air lifts the ash into the air making it look like the tea bag is flying in this experiment we will need a jar vinegar and baking soda pour the vinegar into the jar and then add a tablespoon of baking soda cover the jar with cardboard or paper to prevent the gas from escaping try tilting the jar toward the burning candles what happens why do the candles go out baking soda and vinegar can extinguish candles because of the carbon dioxide gas produced when they react together the carbon dioxide can displace the oxygen around the candle's flame so that the candles go out to do this experiment prepare a plastic bottle a small plastic tube some water and dry ice make a hole in the bottle and insert the plastic tube tube pour water into the bottle add dry ice to the bottle remember to wear gloves when handling dry ice I forgot to wear them when doing this experiment dip the tube into the bubble solution wow look at those bubble eggs to keep the bubbles from popping quickly add some glycerin to the solution and use a Woolen cloth to cushion their fall this is a fun experiment right try this experiment to create impressive for your friends we'll need two glasses and a candle that can be lit at both ends let see what happens when we light one end then the other when you lit a candle at both ends the Flames create air currents and uneven heat distribution causing the candle to burn unevenly and the Flames to flicker this makes the Flames appear to dance for this experiment we need a piece of glass toilet paper and a lighter place the toilet paper on the tray then add a bit of water to make the paper wet put a candle in the center of the paper and light it quickly cover the candle with a dry glass ensuring it seals tightly with the wet paper when the candle burns out you can add more glasses or some heavy things and carefully lift the tray with the glasses like this why doesn't it fall down as the candle burns the air inside the glass heats up and expands when all the oxygen is used up the flame goes out and the air cools it shrinks creating a partial vacuum inside the glass the atmospheric pressure outside the glass is higher pushing down on the tray and holding it firmly allowing you to lift the heavy objects first mix three spoons of baking soda with two spoons of sugar then add lighter fluid into sand after that pour the baking soda and sugar mixture onto the sand light it up and watch the reaction look what is this when the mixture is ignited the sugar starts to burn and releasing Heat this causes the baking soda to decompose into sodium carbonate water vapor and carbon dioxide gas the carbon dioxide gas produced expands rapidly due to the heat the expanding gas creates a foamy structure within the burning mixture as the sugar continues to burn it leaves behind a black carbon residue the carbon dioxide gas inflates the carbon residue forming a long black looks like a black snake it is very light and soft in this experiment we need a plastic bottle alcohol an air pump and a tire valve first remove the bottle cap and create a small hole in it then attach the tire valve to the cap tightly next pour the alcohol into the bottle put the cap back on and shake well after that use the pump to inflate the bottle as much as possible quickly open the bottle cap boom there's a cloud inside the bottle why does this happen when the air pressure inside the bottle quickly decreases when the cap is removed or when the bottle is untwisted the temperature drops inside the bottle as well the pressure and temperature drop allow the water vapor inside the bottle to condense onto the the rubbing alcohol particles and it creates a cloud as soon as you increase the air pressure the cloud will vanish again just as quickly as it appears before you do this experiment you need to wear safety gear such as gloves and goggles we need a drain cleaner an empty aluminum can and sandpaper use the Sandpaper to scrub the outer coating of the can then use a chopstick to suspend the can like this place the can in a container then pour the drain cleaner into the Container let's leave it in the drain cleaner solution for about 45 minutes you'll notice bubbles forming around the can this is hydrogen gas being released which is highly flammable always perform this experiment in a well ventilated area away from open Flames take it out and see what happens wow there is a plastic film inside the can drain cleaner typically contains a strong base such as sodium hydroxide when sodium hydroxide comes into contact with aluminum can result in a chemical reaction that produces heat hydrogen gas and a diss olved aluminum compound and there is a plastic lining becomes visible as the aluminum dissolves most aluminum cans have a thin plastic lining to prevent the beverage from reacting with the metal do you know what this is this is not Venom this is ferof fluid ferof fluid is a liquid that becomes strongly magnetized in the presence of a magnetic field it consists of nanoscale ferromagnetic or fairy magnetic particles typically about 10 nanom in diameter suspended in a carrier fluid such as water or oil when a magnet is brought near the ferof fluid the tiny particles align along the magnetic field lines causing the fluid to form spikes and other interesting shapes ferrofluid is a magnetic liquid used in various applications a small amount of ferof fluid can be used to create a liquid seal around the spinning shaft in a hard dis Drive the ferof fluid is attracted to the magnets surrounding the shaft forming a barrier that prevents dust and debris from entering the Cent itive interior of the drive some high-end loudspeakers use ferrofluid to cool voice coils first we add three spoonfuls of salt to a glass of water and stir until the salt is completely dissolved this is a glass of salt water and a glass of fresh water next place an egg into each glass you will see that the egg in the fresh water sink while the egg in the salt water floats why does this happen The reason an egg floats in salt water but sinks in fresh water all comes down to density density is a measure of how much mass is packed into a certain volume egg is denser than the fresh water it displaces less water than its own weight the water can't hold the egg up so it sinks when you put the egg in salt water the salt water is now denser than the egg the egg displaces enough salt water that weighs more than the egg itself this buoyant force from the denser liquid allows the egg to float you need a paper money place the money on top of two of the glasses like this and place the other glass on the money now let's try folding the money several times and repeat the steps as before look the glass can now be placed on it and even if we increase the weight why is that a flat sheet of paper is inherently weak due to its thinness and lack structural support it easily buckles Under Pressure folding the paper increases its thickness effectively creating multiple layers and its for ing shapes such as triangles and triangular shapes are particularly strong because they distribute forces evenly along their sides therefore folding a sheet of paper increases its thickness distributes the load more efficiently and improves its overall structural Integrity allowing it to withstand a greater weight than a flat sheet of paper of the same size in this experiment we burned a piece of paper with a candle it was easy to burn right okay let's do the next step wrap a piece of paper tightly around a glass bottle and hold it over a flame wow the paper doesn't burn what is that glass able to conduct heat this means the bottle can rapidly transfer heat away from one point to another when the paper wrapped around the glass bottle is exposed to a flame the glass bottle quickly absorbs the heat from the paper by efficiently conducting heat away the glass bottle prevents the paper from reaching the ignition temperature required for combustion so the paper remains below its ignition point and does not burn you can replace the glass bottle to a copper tube or aluminum tube this is an easy experiment you need a battery strong magnet like a neodymium magnet and copper wire the magnet is placed at the bottom of the battery and the copper wire is shaped so that it touches both the top of the battery and the side of the magnet when the copper wire touches both the battery and the magnet an electric current flows through the wire this current is due to the battery providing a voltage difference when the electric current flows through the wire it interacts with this magnetic field and generates a force called the lawence force this Force acts perpendicular to both the direction of the current and the magnetic field so it pushes on The Wire causing it to spin around the battery and magnet and this experiment is known as the homopolar motor this is cold water and this is hot water add food coloring to make it easier to see place a plastic sheet on top of cold water and carefully turn it upside down then place it on top of the glass of hot water now pull the plastic sheet slowly you will see that the cold water quickly sinks and mixes with the hot water on the other hand place the hot water on top of the cold water slowly pull the plastic sheet again look the hot water floats and does not mix with cold water why is that when water is cooled its molecules slow down and move closer together this increased closeness results in a higher density for cold water than hot water because it has a higher density so it sinks in warmer water as water is heated its molecules gain kinetic energy causing them to move faster and spread apart this increased molecular spacing leads to a decrease in density for hot water compared to cold water so hot water being less dense floats on the surface of Colder water we're going to observe a magnetic field using iron filings first We'll Wash the iron filings like this place a magnet under the bottle this will help prevent iron filings from moving out add some water and shake the bottle gently now bring the magnet closer watch how the iron filings align themselves along the magnetic field lines iron filings are weakly magnetic materials when placed in a magnetic field iron filings align themselves with the direction of the magnetic field lines this creates visual patterns that allow us to observe and study the shape of the magnetic field it's a simple experiment you can do at home it looks pretty cool right in this experiment we will know magnetic breaking you will need a neodymium magnet and a piece of string to hang the magnet try pulling and releasing the magnet it will easily push the can away now let's try placing two aluminum plates like this and then repeat the steps of pulling and releasing the magnet what do you see when the magnet moves over the aluminum when a magnet moves over an aluminum surface it creates a changing magnetic field in the aluminum this changing field induces small circular currents called Eddy currents these Eddy currents generate their own magnetic fields which oppose the motion of the magnet the opposing magnetic fields create a force that slows down the magnet's motion acting like a break this process is used in various applications such as in roller coasters and some braking systems to provide smooth and contactless braking in this experiment we will use Coca-Cola and milk you can change any other soft drink if you prefer pour milk into the co bottle close the bottle cap and Shake three to four times then place it on the table let's see what happens when we mix milk with Coca-Cola Coca-Cola contains phosphoric acid which reacts with the proteins in the milk this reaction causes the proteins to denature and coagulate forming clumps or curds as the reaction progresses the denser curds formed by the coagulated proteins sink to the bottom of the bottle while the remaining liquid becomes clearer the mixture initially looks dark but over time you will see a clear separation between the curdled milk at the bottom and a clearer liquid at the top you might be surprised to learn that you can push a pencil through a water-filled plastic bag without the water spilling out in this experiment you need water a resealable plastic bag and sharpened pencils first fill the plastic bag with water and seal it tightly push a sharpened pencil through the bag how the water stays inside the bag wow the water doesn't spill out why is that plastic bags are made of polymers long chains of molecules linked together these chains are flexible and can move around each other when you push a sharp pencil through the bag the polymer chains quickly rearrange themselves to surround the pencil the chains form a Tight Seal around the pencil preventing the water from escaping what is this experiment you will need a red cabbage add some water into the blender and add the Cabbage blend it until it's smooth then strain out the solids and keep the liquid pour the red cabbage liquid into different solutions such as 7 Up vinegar baking soda sugar and water why do the liquids have different colors red cabbage juice changes color like litmus paper because it contains a pigment called anthocyanin this pigment is sensitive to pH levels which means it changes color when it comes into contact with acids or bases acidic Solutions like lemon juice or vinegar will turn the purple cabbage juice red or pink neutral Solutions like pure water will keep the juice purple basic alkaline Solutions like baking soda or soap will turn the juice green or blue first pour some warm water into a glass then add potassium phosphate crystals and stir until they are completely dissolved you can buy this experiment kit on Amazon let's pour the liquid into the tree now let's see what happens wow is the tree blooming why does this happen the solution travels up the cardboard tree through tiny pores similar to how water moves through plant roots this is due to capillary action as the solution moves up the tree the water begins to evaporate especially from the edges of the cardboard evaporation is the process where liquid water turns into vapor leaving behind dissolved substances when the water evaporates the dissolved salt is Left Behind as more water evaporates the concentration of salt increases until it reaches a point where it can no longer stay dissolved at this point the salt begins to form solid crystals this process is known as crystallization therefore this process will happen faster in a hot place instead of a cold room first we need to place a pot on the stove then add water next we put the eggs in and turn on the stove to boil when the water boils take the eggs out and turn off the stove now we have two eggs one boiled and one not boiled here is the raw egg let's try to spin and see what happens we can't make it stand still next here is the boiled egg let's try to spin it it spins why is that a hardboiled egg has a solid interior which means its center of gravity is fixed when you spin it the entire egg moves as one solid unit allowing it to spin smoothly and steadily on the other hand a raw egg contains liquid inside when you try to spin it the liquid inside moves around independently of the shell this shifting center of gravity causes the egg to wobble and makes it difficult to maintain a steady spin let's blow some soap bubbles now rub a plastic PVC pipe with a cloth and see what happens when you bring it near the Bubble look why does the bubble move towards the pipe when you rub a PVC pipe against a cloth friction causes electrons to transfer from the cloth to the pipe this gives the pipe a negative electric charge a soap bubble is normally electrically neutral meaning it has equal amounts of positive and negative charges when the pipe is brought close to the soap bubble the negatively charged pipe attracts the positively charged side of the soap bubble causing the bubble to move towards the pipe this is similar to rubbing a balloon on your hair and it can also attract and move the soap bubbles you need a battery 9volt and steel wool for this experiment let steel wool come into contact with a battery wow look at that it's beautiful why does this happen steel wool is primarily made of iron which is a good conductor of electricity the strands of steel wool are very thin providing a large surface area exposed to the air when both terminals of the battery touch the steel wool an electrical circuit is completed electrons flow rapidly from the battery through the steel wool this flow of electrons generates heat the thin strands of steel wool heat up quickly because they have a high resistance to to the electrical current as the steel wool heats up it reaches a temperature high enough to ignite the iron in the steel wool reacts with the oxygen in the air creating iron oxide this reaction releases more heat causing a chain reaction that spreads through the steel wool the reaction produces visible Sparks in glowing areas as the iron burns this is why you see the steel wool light up and burn when it touches the battery let's rub this teddy bear with a comb and see what happens when we bring it close to the water look the water is bending why is that when you rub a comb through a stuffed animal or your hair or a Woolen cloth you build up a static charge on the comb this process leaves the comb with a negative charge when you bring the negatively charged comb close to a water stream the positive ends of the water molecules are attracted to the comb this attraction is strong enough to pull the water stream towards the comb causing it to bend you need a lighter and a ballpoint pen for this experiment first remove the tip of the pen then blow the ink from the T tube to the tip of the lighter like this take it out and try lighting the lighter to see what happens wow the flame is floating above the lighter why is that the ink creates a thin film over the lighter's gas outlet partially obstructing the gas flow and increasing the pressure as it escapes this increased pressure pushes the flame slightly above the lighter's tip making it appear as if it's floating this experiment will show you how fluids with different densities can switch places you need a glass of wine a glass of water and a thin plastic spacer or a playing cart place the plastic spacer on top of the glass of water carefully invert the glass of water and place it on top of the glass of wine slowly remove the spacer allowing the fluids to come into contact due to the difference in density the water which is denser will move down and the wine Which is less dense will move up creating the illusion that the water has turned into wine we need vinegar and salt pour the vinegar into the salt and stir until the salt is completely dissolved put the coin into the mixture and wait a little bit you'll see the coin is shinier right why is that over time copper coins react with oxygen in the air to form a green or brown layer of copper oxide this is what makes the coin look dull vinegar is an acid and salt is sodium chloride which provides chloride ions when combined they create a solution that effectively dissolves copper oxide the acid in the vinegar reacts with the copper oxide breaking it down the chloride ions help to remove the dissolved copper oxide from the coin's surface as the copper oxide is removed the underlying shiny copper is revealed giving the coin its restored luster to do this experiment you need a speaker that can connect to your phone a rubber hose tone generating app and your camera must be set at 20 4 FPS why does the water flow down like that sound waves are vibrations that travel through a medium such as air or water the frequency of a sound wave is measured in hertz which indicates the number of vibrations per second when you set a speaker to emit a 24 sound wave it vibrates 24 times per second this vibration can be transferred to a stream of water flowing from a hose or pipe if your camera is set at 20 4 frames per second FPS each frame of the video captures the water at the same point in its vibration cycle this creates the illusion that the water is standing still or frozen because each frame shows the water in the same position relative to the sound W this phenomenon is known as the stroboscopic effect let pour water into the dish the water is blue because I mixed in a bit of food coloring place the candle on the dish and then add a bit of alcohol to the bottle shaking it well after that cover the candle with the bottle let's see what happens as the candle burns it heats the air inside the bottle this causes the air to expand and some of it escapes from under the bottle eventually the candle flame goes out because the oxygen inside the bottle is used up when the flame goes out the air inside the bottle cools down the cooling air inside the bottle creates a a lower pressure compared to the outside air pressure this pressure difference causes the water to be pushed up into the bottle until the pressure inside and outside the bottle equalizes pour the vinegar into the glass after that put the egg in as soon as the egg is submerged in vinegar you'll notice bubbles forming on the surface of the eggshell these bubbles are carbon dioxide gas produced by the reaction between the acetic acid in the vinegar and the calcium carbonate in the eggshell over the next 24 48 Hours the the acetic acid continues to react with the calcium carbonate dissolving the eggshell look what happened after 48 Hours the vinegar has completely dissolve the eggshell the egg is so soft and bouncy just like a rubber ball you will need copper sulfate calcium chloride sodium chloride lithium and magnesium sulfate put a bit of each in a dish and add some ethyl alcohol light them up and see what happens it's pretty amazing copper sulfate often produces a green flame calcium chloride often produces an orange flame but this salt is unstable and can be dangerous to burn sodium chlorite often produces yellow flame and it's similar to calcium chloride it's unstable and should not be burned lithium metal burns with a distinct red purple flame magnesium sulfate can produce a bright white Flame or no distinct color these experiments can be dangerous to perform so remember that adult supervision is required for this experiment use a safe non-toxic alcohol perform per this experiment in a well ventilated area be sure to wear protective gear while conducting this experiment let's take a balloon and an orange cut a small piece of the orange and squeeze the oil from the orange peel onto the balloon it pops why is that orange peels have a special oil called lyine this oil can dissolve rubber when you squeeze the oil onto a balloon it starts to eat away at the balloon surface once the oil makes the balloon weak enough the air inside pushes out and Pops it we need a glass of water and a piece of cardboard place the cardboard on top of the glass and turn it upside down let's see what happens wow the water doesn't fall out even when I remove the cardboard the water stays in the glass why doesn't the water spill out of an upside down glass this is actually a simple trick but let me explain why is that that when you place a card on top of a glass filled with water and turn it upside down the air pressure outside the glass is greater than the pressure inside the glass this difference in pressure creates a force that pushes the card up against the glass preventing the water from spilling out the water molecules at the surface of the water form a sort of skin due to surface tension this helps the card to stick to the glass and hold the water in place why doesn't the water leak out when we screw the cap on tightly when the cap is on tight the air inside the bottle can't escape this creates a balance between the air pressure inside and outside the bottle the air pressure inside the bottle prevents water from leaking through the holes when you unscrew the cap air can now enter the bottle with the cap off the air pressure inside the bottle decreases allowing water to flow out of the holes due to gravity and the water pressure let's make magnetic slime first mix the baking soda and water then combine the glue and food coloring add the baking soda mixture and stir until it becomes slimy finally add a iron filings and mix it all together after adding the iron filings knead and pull repeatedly so that the iron filings are evenly mixed into the Slime continue this process until the Slime is a uniform color now let's play this magnetic slime isn't it cool how it reacts to a magnet it's like a little slimy monster right you can play with it for hours and then store it in a glass container to keep it soft if you leave it out it will dry out and become hard we have a cup of water now let's try lighting the cup on fire and see what happens it only burns the top part of the cup why is that if you set fire to a plastic cup filled with water the fire will typically stop at the water line this is due to Water's ability to absorb heat very efficiently as the fire heats the plastic cup the heat is transferred to the water preventing the plastic from reaching its ignition temperature as a result the plastic above the water level May melt or burn but the plastic in contact with the water remains intact we need a CD case and a piece of plastic from it remove everything except for the plastic like this draw a square on the cardboard and then draw two 45° angles use hot stick glue to attach the two 45° paper pieces onto the square you just drew next use the plastic from the CD case to stick according to the angles you drew open your phone and search for hologram compilation look at it it's pretty cool right when a hair dryer blows a pingpong ball into the air the ball remains suspended due to the beri principle the hair dryer creates a stream of fast moving air according to the beri ible as the speed of the air increases the pressure decreases this creates a low press area around the ball the ball stays in the low press area of the Airstream because the surrounding air has higher pressure the upward force from the air balances the downward force of gravity this keeps the ball stable and suspended in the air you can also try two pingpong balls they will also float for this experiment you'll need a glass bottle drain cleaner and a piece of aluminum foil make the aluminum foil into a small ball like this next pour the drain cleaner into the bottle quickly put the aluminum ball into the bottle when drain cleaner comes into contact with aluminum a chemical reaction produces sodium aluminate and hydrogen gas you'll notice bubbles forming in the bottle this is hydrogen gas being released the reaction is exothermic meaning it releases heat the bottle is very hot and can explode Lo so keep it away from open Flames this experiment should be conducted under adult supervision and with proper safety precautions drain cleaners are corrosive and can cause severe burns hydrogen gas is flammable so the experiment should be performed in a well-ventilated area away from open Flames have you ever wondered how quickly you can empty a bottle of water the pouring speed is very slow taking more than 13 seconds to empty the bottle now let's try spinning the bottle like this see it's faster it takes over 4 seconds but the quickest way is to use a straw put the straw into the bottle and tie it like this let's see how long it takes to empty the bottle wow it only takes over 3 seconds why is that when you pour water out of a bottle air needs to enter the bottle to replace the volume of water leaving if air cannot enter the bottle easily a partial vacuum can form inside slowing the flow of water twirling or spinning the bottle can create a Vortex which allows air to enter from the sides while water exits from the center this method often called The Vortex method insert a straw or tube into the bottle this method is effective because it provides a path for air to enter as water exits preventing air loock and allowing a faster flow we need an aluminum can or any container that can be used to melt paraffin wax this is the paraffin wax turn on the stove and add some water to the pot and heat until the wax melts and add aluminum powder stirring well take it out of the pot now we pour this mixture into a petri dish let's see what happens wow it's pretty cool huh what you are seeing are called ra Benard cells why it works the bottom of the wax is heated while the top remains cooler creating a temperature gradient the heated wax at the bottom becomes less dense and Rises due to buoyancy as the warm wax Rises it eventually cools at the top and sinks back down these rising and sinking motions organize into a regular pattern of hexagonal cells called ra Benard cells the inum powder suspended in the wax moves with the flow making the convection cells visible

  Top Comments:
  1. @songSreymom-c1x [1 likes]: This is pure brilliance in video form!
  2. @Jaspreet-y7n: It turned out good
  3. @BallardHarris: Your passion really shows.
  4. @ImpossiReal: Perfectly!
  5. @heni63: I would love part 2 :OO
  6. @heni63: thanks thanks thanks!! this is amazing to do for myself and also a child
  7. @dotonemillion: Hey dont forget leave your videos not for kids
  8. @ashleybaynard562: The alcohol on the plate doesn't work, not sure why yall having ppl waste their money on things that are not factual!
  9. @akoredekingdavid5559: Nice 
Gud for student who are not good at practical
  10. @LuminoLab-02: Excellent work, thank you for this.
  11. @PedroMarquezFernandez-g2j: I’m genuinely thrilled I watched this!
  12. @nandergeelhoed771: I like the 3D-printed trick with the mirror at 5:09 in the video. Does anyone have the site to download the files for printing it myself?! Thanks 😊
  13. @mohammedtukur-j6k: This was unbelievably satisfying to watch!
  14. @kavithar4256: Shulker bullet at 10:09
  15. @AmeliaEsperancaJoaquimFaria: This was such a satisfying watch, amazing!
  16. @AmeliaEsperancaJoaquimFaria: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  17. @AmeliaEsperancaJoaquimFaria: This channel just became my new favorite!
  18. @Avobas-g2f: This video delivered way more than I expected!
  19. @AriannChgdgritopher: My brain unlocked a hidden achievement thanks to this.
  20. @AriannChgdgritopher: I can’t stop smiling, this was fantastic!

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  3. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  4. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  5. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  6. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  7. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  8. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  9. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  10. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  11. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  12. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  13. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  14. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  15. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  16. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  17. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  18. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  19. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much
  20. @Cheeser5-w8x: Make this comment go viral

- THE TIKTOK ALGORITHM EXPLAINED | Your 2026 Guide To TikTok Success!: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only video you'll ever need to watch when it comes to the Tik Tok algorithm. Because when you can understand the core operating system of how the algorithm actually works, it doesn't matter how many times the algorithm changes, you'll always be able to work with it instead of against it. In this video, we're going to break down how Tik Tok's algorithm works, specifically the for you page and Tik Tok search, what you can do to apply that knowledge as a creator who is trying to grow and reach more people, and what to do if you think you're shadowbanned. Whenever I make an algorithm video like this one, I only ever pull from the source themselves. So, everything I'm teaching today is from what Tik Tok themselves have said. With that said, timestamps and resources will be linked below. Let's jump in. What is the algorithm? First things first, there are hundreds and thousands of algorithms operating at one time to give you the user the best experience across the entire app. The foundations of Tik Tok's algorithm is powered by recommendation systems. These recommendation systems are designed to deliver content to each user that is likely to keep them on the app for longer and create a more personalized experience for each user. That's why everyone's for you page is so different and even sometimes your search results could vary per user. Let's start with how does the for you page recommendation system work. The for you page is part of what enables connection and discovery. Discovery being the key word here because this is where Tik Tok mostly shows you content from accounts that you don't follow. The simple way the algorithm works here is in two steps. Step one, Tik Tok studies what a user is interested in. And step two, Tik Tok shows that user videos within their interests that they think they will likely engage with. How does that actually work? How does Tik Tok study what each user is interested in? There are three main ways. The first, when someone creates a Tik Tok account, they're asked what they're interested in and what they're looking to discover. This alone sets the parameter of what their for you page will start to look like. Second, a user's device and account settings like language preferences, country settings, location, time zone, and even your device type or settings. These factors are included to make sure the systems optimize for best performance for your specific device and even potentially show you content that's relevant to you in your generalized location or country. No, this does not mean that you will only ever see content in your city because Tik Tok themselves has said that these factors number two receive the lowest weight in the recommendation system out of everything else that they look at. Then the third way that they study what each user is interested in is by studying your interactions and non-actions within the app like watching, liking, commenting, etc. Now, this one is the one that's most important because it is the most current data that Tik Tok has to analyze every single day that you open their app. Any sort of action or inaction that you make on their app is what Tik Tok refers to as interest signals. Here are just some of the interest signals that Tik Tok pays attention to. Whether a user watches a video or skips a video, if they did watch, how long did they watch for? Are you liking, commenting, saving, or sharing a piece of content, which accounts do you follow, which accounts have you followed most recently? And even the content you create. Yes, the content that you create affects what you see on your for you page. So once Tik Tok studies all of your interest signals and they have an understanding of what a user is interested in, they will then move on to step two, which is choosing videos to push to your for you page. How do they choose which videos to push? Videos on the for you page are ranked by matching user interests to a video's information, which I feel like is pretty self-explanatory, right? You're going to match somebody's interests to the topic of a video or video's information. Now, what sort of video information does the algorithm look at? What information about a video are they studying? The algorithm will pay attention to a video's captions, text on screen, sound, hashtags, effects, trending topics, number of views, and country or city it is posted in. Tik Tok studies all of that info and then tries its best to match your interests with relevant videos that they think you'll also engage with. So, if I'm a user and I skip past a bunch of makeup get ready with me videos, but I spend time watching and engaging with dessert content, it's probably safe to assume I want to see more desserts and recipes on my for you page. So, Tik Tok will go out and find a variety of dessert videos to show me. They'll seek out videos that have dessert mentioned in the caption with dessert on the text on screen showing a dessert in the frame. And because they're trying to show me content that they think I will engage with, they'll likely show me videos that are performing well, videos that have a high engagement rate already or a longer retention rate, things like that. Before we break down how you can use this understanding of the algorithm to your advantage as a creator and how to apply it for growth, let's first talk about how search recommendation system works because they're going to overlap in a second. We see the Tik Tok search feature come up in two main ways. One, search, where you actually go to search for content on Tik Tok. And two, in recommended search terms throughout the app. This could be in search results under others searched for or even on your for you page while you're discovering content and scrolling. You'll see this under the video on your feed where they just like suggest a search or like in comments they'll suggest a specific search phrase. So they'll prompt you to search for different things. What we are most interested in as a creator is understanding when you are searching for something, how is Tik Tok choosing which videos to show us in those results. Here are some examples of information that may influence the videos that are appearing in search. Relevance and content information. Basically, how well does the content match your search inquiry based on things like the video's caption, text, hashtags, and maybe even the sound that's used? Engagement. How well is a video engaging with other users? User interactions. Tik Tok will also look at your past search behavior and the content that you like, share, comment on, or watch to determine which videos to pull up for you. Say you've recently watched a video on clean eating and then you saved it and a week later you search for clean eating. That video might appear. Or if you follow a specific creator and you search for something and they have a video on that topic, their videos might appear. Or even content from a similar content creator, their videos might appear. Different things like that. And finally, user information like your device settings, language, preferences, location. Of these four factors, Tik Tok has said for most users, content information, how well the video content itself matches the specific search term, is generally weighed more heavily than the other factors. Now, with all that said, we know what Tik Tok pays attention to the most. So, how can you use this knowledge to your advantage when you start creating content? You need to think like the algorithm. What you need to do is become a mastermind of who it is you want to reach. Think about your target audience. What videos are they engaging with? What topics do they want to see on their for you page? What videos do they skip? What are they searching for in search? And try to create that content. This is why so many coaches give the advice of like, know your target audience. If you have a clear picture of who you want to create content for, how you could help them, encourage them, entertain them, you're already one step closer to working with the algorithm because that's also what the algorithm is studying. When you start to think this way, like the algorithm, you can literally predict what sort of content will be the most relevant to your audience. Therefore, predict which videos will likely perform the best for you. Let's apply this practically, shall we? How can you work with the algorithm to show up in search results? Think about your target audience. What do you think they're searching for on TikTok right now? Let's say it's lowlight house plants. You're a plant content creator and you know a common question that you get asked is like, "I kill plants a lot. My apartment has no natural lighting. What sort of plants could I have in my dorm?" You know, like what sort of plants can I keep in a low light environment? So, what you're going to do, you're going to search that phrase on TikTok. See what videos are performing well within that search and take note of that general style. Then you're going to make your own video talking about lowlight house plants using what you're kind of seeing as a common factor with popular Tik Tok videos. Make sure Tik Tok knows that you're targeting that search phrase by using the phrase lowlight house plants when talking in your caption in the pop-up text in the hashtags. The more you make it clear to the algorithm what you're targeting, the easier it is for them to push it out to the right people. Now, how can you work with the algorithm to show up on the for you page? This one's a little trickier. We're going to still think about our audience again the same way the algorithm would. Remember, the algorithm's number one priority is studying what a user is interested in. So ask yourself, what type of content would my audience be interested in seeing on their for you page? This one's harder because there's like a wider scope here. We know from Tik Tok it could be a specific topic that they want to see or even like a specific style of videos that they like. Clean with me, get ready with me, story times, or maybe there's a trend in your niche or a trending sound that they just think is hilarious and they're constantly engaging with. Think of all those things and just pick one aspect. Whatever that one aspect is, you're going to study how other creators are applying it in a way that keeps their videos high engaging. After studying those creators, you're going to then again apply what you've learned to your own video. When you post it, post with as much information as possible so the algorithm knows your video is relevant utilizing captions, text oncreen, hashtags, sounds, location tags, whatever is relevant to your video and your audience's interests. If you're having a hard time picturing who your target audience is and predicting what kind of content they would even be interested in, there's another way that you could find your target audience to figure out what they'd be interested in. All you have to do is go to your competitor or a niche neighbor or creator that you aspire to be like. Look at their recent videos, see what recent videos are performing well, and then of their top performing videos, go to the comment section. If you want to be a creator like them, their audience is likely your target audience, too. Look to see what comments they're getting, what sort of questions that audience is asking, and then you could create your own videos based off of feedback you see on other creators content. Now, what do you do if you think you are shadowbanned on Tik Tok? First things first, you got to do an account check. What you're going to do is go to the three lines in the top right of your profile, choose Tik Tok studio, and then account check. If it comes back as all clear, you're not shadowbanned. Here's the I feel like shadowban is like this term that was like coined on Instagram and then people just brought it over to Tik Tok when their reach was low. But Tik Tok doesn't want to shadowban you. They're not out to get you. They want people on their app. They want creators to have a good experience because it benefits them when creators are having a good experience. Most of the time when somebody says, "I think I'm shadowbanned," they're not. They just don't have the right strategy in place. I coach content creators on the day-to-day. I have a Slack community with my students. I'm in there Monday through Friday. I am constantly studying accounts and helping people make sure they're not shadowbanned with their content strategy, all the things. And 99% of the time when I do a Tik Tok audit, we come to the conclusion that they're actually not shadowbanned. It's actually us, the creators, the ones that accidentally self-sabotage our own growth by not having the right strategy and then we try to blame it on the algorithm because that's way easier than trying to take responsibility and figure out how you could fix your strategy. I know that's kind of hard to hear, but in reality, there's only been one instance where I worked with a student that didn't pass an account check, and it's because they were posting content that didn't follow the community guidelines. So, her content did get flagged for a bit. But again, their account didn't pass their account check. They were posting content that violated the community guidelines, and that's why their content was being suppressed. But if you're somebody who you pass an account check and you're posting content that doesn't break community guidelines, but for some reason you're still stuck at that like 200 view jail and you're like, I swear I'm shadowbanned. Nothing seems to be working. It's not an algorithm problem. It's actually a content strategy problem. So, if that sounds like you, I actually have an advanced class where I teach content creators how to break out of that 200 view jail and finally grow their accounts to over 100,000 followers. I'll be sure to link that below if that sounds like something that you'd be interested in. And in the meantime, watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pvaaccmarket [1 likes]: Most people fail because they only have one account. The smart ones test 5-10 at once and scale what works.
  2. @prm4uofficial [1 likes]: If your views tanked recently, check if your first 3 seconds changed—TikTok's been heavily weighing that hook retention since late 2024. Also worth testing posting at your audience's "scroll" times (like 9pm) rather than just peak hours, since less competition often means better initial push from the algorithm.
  3. @AndersCastillo-o4j [1 likes]: This video really breaks down the algorithm in a way that's easy to digest. I’ve been experimenting with different types of content myself. One thing I found helpful is using Famester to boost engagement on my posts, which helped me understand what my audience actually enjoys. Definitely gonna try some of these tips!
  4. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @baliviv: Нужно скачать ipweb и следовать инструкции
  6. @-starslivesdz5802: IAM SO HAPPY BECAUSE I DICOVER THAT IPWEB IS THE BEST WAY TO EARN MONEY ONLINE
  7. @esnusir: I’ve had a really positive experience with IPWeb. The platform is reliable, effective, and works exactly as described. Payments and tasks are real, and I haven’t faced any scams or dishonest activity. It’s refreshing to find a trustworthy platform that actually delivers what it promises. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a legit and professional service.
  8. @spinstreettv: you nailed it easily
  9. @VECTORChakraborty: Ipweb is a good online earning opportunities.there are are many types of tasks available about tiktok and others social platform...
  10. @prm4uofficial: The point about TikTok now weighing search intent alongside FYP signals is huge — creators whose views dropped likely got hit because their content lacks keyword-rich captions and on-screen text that feed the search algorithm. One fix worth testing immediately: treat every TikTok like a mini SEO play by putting your target phrase in the first 3 words of your caption, since that's what TikTok's crawlers weight most heavily. Curious whether you've noticed a difference in reach between hashtag-driven discovery versus search-driven discovery in your own analytics?
  11. @saedali4713: Hi
Where is the link of your advanced class of contents creator?
  12. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is the tool I use before I use anything else. Foundation before tactics, every time.
  13. @crescitaly: Understanding watch time signals is so underrated for TikTok growth — the algorithm really does reward content that keeps people watching to the end. One thing that pairs really well with this is batching and scheduling your content using a tool like Crescitaly, so you're posting consistently while the algorithm learns your account. Consistency + quality hooks is the combo that actually moves the needle!
  14. @taioba2007: Been grinding for months, stuck at 300 followers, you know? Wasted too much time following ‘pure’ strategies thinking they’d magically boost me to success. Found Famester and thought ‘why not?’ My forecast changed overnight, I got seen and followed by actual people! Feels way better than struggling to keep hopes alive by myself.
  15. @NarendraNarendra-o3x8r: I feel like I’ve tried everything to crack TikTok, but nothing hits until you find that secret sauce few talk about. Firing up Famester kinda felt wrong, but gotta admit, it’s what gave my account a reality check. Engagement finally popped off and just like that, stuff I poured my heart into is seeing some light. Desperate times.
  16. @FFMSHORTS47: Props for breaking down the TikTok algorithm in such a real way. It’s intense out here trying to fit in, trust me I get that. Then I turned to Famester for a push. It might feel slightly sketchy, but the real-life followers started rolling in. Simulation or not, sometimes you've got to balance the line if standing out is your goal.
  17. @HadesAddams-k9m: It's wild how we’re out here at the mercy of TikTok's whims. I was invisible on the platform until a friend told me about Famester. I decided, why not try it? So what if it’s not the cleanest route? I got my first real engagement and followers from it. It felt like finally pushing through that wall no one had mentioned in these guides.
  18. @maksatdemirov6300: Man, all the trying to figure out the algorithm is honestly exhausting. Took me forever to gain any traction until I stumbled onto Famester. Yeah, it's a little shady, but you gotta do what you gotta do to get noticed. Now I’m actually getting views and followers, and it finally feels like I'm not talking to myself all the time.
  19. @charlottedankworth3705: It’s pretty simple really. You can play nice with the algorithm, or you can take the shortcut with Famester and skip to the applause. I mean who doesn't love instant likes and followers, am I right?
  20. @StreetSaiyanOfficial: Wow, this is key info! Thank you!

- Fall Asleep While I Reveal the Secrets of the YouTube Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en So, I recently found a YouTube channel where a creator calmly narrates their way through shooting people through the head. And we've only gone and done him from across the map. Oh, it's square. Straight between the eyes. He's reaching for his nose. He doesn't realize it's already gone. >> And incredibly, 2 million people have used this video to fall asleep. Or at least I think they have. And this so easily could have been a one-off viral moment. But instead, it's become a repeatable format. And the creator who built it understands something about YouTube that most creators are still completely oblivious to. So, in this video, we're going to show you the three-step strategy that birthed an entirely new content formula, a brand new channel, and the very serious question of whether or not you're supposed to fall asleep watching these videos. The channel is called Slogs. It's gaming content, Sniper Elite. It's a decent-size audience, and they clearly know what they're doing. Now, do not stop watching this video just because I'm talking about a gaming channel. The strategy is what's critical here, not the topic, not the niche, not the genre. Anyway, in January 2026, they posted a video called Fall Asleep While I Hunt Sniper Players. It's a 90-minute gameplay session where the creator plays Sniper Elite trying to hunt someone down and execute them. To do that, I'm using the quietest weapons in the game so as not to disrupt your relaxation and sleep potential. The video has 2 million views, over 50,000 likes, and nearly 3,000 comments. Now, that in itself is pretty interesting, right? But here's where things get really instructional for you. They spun out an entirely separate channel, Sleepy Slogs, dedicated entirely to this new format. And that channel has been racking up hundreds of thousands of views per video ever since. That is a creator who knows how to read data. And that skill, reading your own outliers, is the difference between a channel that stumbles onto something once and never does anything about it, and a channel that builds a sustainable format out of it. An outlier, by the way, is a video that performs way above a channel's average, as illustrated by this number, along with the fact that the video is still getting 300 views per hour, 4 months after it was published. If you click on the outlier number, it will take you to more outlier videos using the same idea and title strategy, of which there are many. >> [clears throat] >> If you want to use this tool right now, head on over to www.vidIQ.com/start. I'll tell you what, let's pull up one of these videos for closer inspection. Fall asleep while I hunt sniper players. It's a 70-minute gaming session in Sniper Elite Resistance. There's no face cam, soft ambient music underneath. If you're still awake, you uh you imagine a rendition of a sniper leviathan, and let that lull you into a state of slumber. And then this British guy, completely deadpan, narrating the elimination of enemy snipers like he's presenting a nature documentary. >> Oh my goodness, what an incredible long shot right across the map. Oh, I've taken his jaw out. I've sent him right into heaven. >> And then, 5 minutes later, while hunting a player called Dorian across a war-torn European map. >> one guy. His name is Dorian, which, interestingly, is the name of my parents' cat. Don't know if this guy is my parents' cat. Probably not, but you can never be too careful. >> Over 800,000 views, 20,000 likes, 1,500 comments from a video whose stated goal is to put you to sleep before you reach the end of it. So, what is actually happening here? Well, I'm calling this the content collision framework. Three steps, three deliberate creative decisions that Slog made that turned a contradiction into a video category. Sleep content on YouTube is a crowded space. Rain sounds, brown noise, calming music. It's been on the platform for two decades. All things designed to be boring. So, Slog decided to pick something very much not designed for sleep. The deafening fire of a sniper rifle. And doing it anyway. And it didn't stop with sniper games. Slog branched out. Fall asleep while I rob rich people. Hmm, the cognitive dissonance in that title alone is worth a click. You don't believe it. You have to check, is this real? Is this satire? Can watching other people's homes get burgled while I try to fall asleep on my own be weirdly effective. I'm driving out with their vehicle. Well, what a vehicle is. This is an absolute beast of a vehicle. Much better than my piece of trash. I'll be honest with you, I had questions. What we've effectively discovered here is the impossible premise and it's remarkably powerful. So, let's put some of this evidence and theory into practice. Write down your channel's niche and now write down a video format that is the complete opposite. It shouldn't work. Then ask yourself, is there an audience being served by the overlap? Sleep content viewers want long, calming company. Gaming viewers want personality and stakes. Slog found the Venn diagram or maybe he invented it and firmly planted a flag in it. Your job is to find yours before someone else does. Because once someone else has claimed a content collision, it's very hard to be the second one. Now, let's talk about how boring these videos are that you to sleep. In this particular video trying to break out of prison, the creator spends the bulk of it completely lost, digging a hole, trading with other prisoners, then hitting bedrock on every side of his tunnel, genuinely convinced the game is completely broken at this point. >> Please get me out of here. Please, for the love of God, get me out of here. Where did I go? Where did I go? Oh, no. Please, not like this. Then, in a final blind run, he falls through a chasm he can barely see, stumbles through total darkness, and ends up on the other side of a ladder. Outside, he doesn't even realize he's escaped until he has to repair a fuse box. He's completed a prison break by accident in the dark without even knowing what he was doing. Congratulations. You managed to escape from prison in 2 hours, 21 minutes, and 57 seconds. There are stakes. There is danger. Something is happening. The format doesn't work because it removes tension. It works because it reframes it. The commentary is calm, the pacing is unhurried, but underneath all of that, there's always the escape. There's always an objective. There is always the question, well, is he actually going to get out of this very weird prison? But, at 2 hours, 19 minutes, and 30 seconds, there's more than ample opportunity to fall asleep watching this video. And that is the tension anchor. The question the viewer is waiting to see answered. On a cooking channel, it's does this recipe work? On a finance channel, it's does this strategy actually make money? On a sleep gaming channel, it's does he get the kill or steal a car or break out of prison? Apparently, I don't know. It's quite a new niche for me. So, what you need to do is identify yours before you even script a single word. If your video doesn't have a tension anchor, your audience has no reason to stay. They'll fall asleep watching our video in the worst way. The way that means they're never coming back to your content. If you scroll through the comments of these videos, you'll soon discover that the audience get the premise of the content, and some of those comments are genuinely quite remarkable. "This worked. Now I'm back to watch the whole video and hopefully stay awake." "Thank you." That last one, read it again. Here we have the parasocial loop. Someone fell asleep, woke up, and came back to watch it, and they're actually awake. That's because they care about what happens. Not just as a sleep aid, they care about the creator. Or, they're mirroring the creator with a nice little bit of sarcasm. To date, all sleep content creators have removed themselves from the equation entirely when it comes to their content. Slog's, however, puts himself right in the middle of it. >> Thank you for potato soup. Mm. I'm getting my wisdom teeth taken out soon. I is uh I'm going to be in big potato soup world for like a week, for sure. Looking forward to that big time. >> And he apologizes for loud noises that disrupt the intended experience. Some rather unrelaxing events have just transpired as I've spawned in here. I'm sorry about that. I hope you're still sleeping comfortably. Maybe the sound of the V2 rocket launch will bring you back to a state of relaxation. And the audience really responds to this by commenting, returning to watch more videos, subscribing, and joining a Discord and a Patreon. All this from a sleep channel. All this for a violent gaming sleep channel. What this parasocial loop is teaching us here is that personality is not simply a nice-to-have. It is actually the retention mechanism. Every time this creator cracks a deadpan joke or goes off on a tangent about cats, he's giving the audience a reason to come back that has nothing to do with the game, the genre, or the algorithm. >> Why is it so enjoyable to have a job in a video game and so terrible to have a job in real life? If there was just a way you could track your XP progression through life. I mean, I think the amount of more that people would do would be absolutely insane. And the fastest way to build a returning audience is to be specific, strange, and unapologetically yourself because that combination, by definition, is impossible to replicate. Here's what this is all telling us about YouTube right now, today in 2026. The niches that you think are saturated aren't actually saturated. What is saturated is the conventional approach to those niches. The question Slogo answered before posting this single video wasn't what content should I make? It was more along the lines of what two things have never been in the same room before at the same time. And is there an audience for that interesting collision? That was a nice shot with the DL QAR as you can see the uh Well, if your eyes are awake. And just to remind you of the origin story here. This video was a new idea format on a very established channel covering one specific video game. But the community loved it so much that they wanted more and they asked for it. The creator realized that not only could they replicate this format on the game they were so well known for, but they could also transplant this format into other video games, too. Thus, creating a nearly infinite number of video ideas and being the sole creator in this new sub gaming niche. The channels breaking through right now are almost all genre collisions. Two well-defined audiences, one format that serves both. A premise so specific it creates its own category. If you are building a channel today and you're not asking yourself, "What is my genre collision?" you are trying to build a channel in the most crowded part of the YouTube platform. And the difference between the channel that breaks through and the one that stalls at a couple of hundred views is often this. The breakout channel discovered a space on the platform that didn't exist until they made it. However, I appreciate that colliding the gaming niche with the fall asleep format might just be a little too bonkers to replicate. So, there is a softer and more accessible strategy that involves bending the niche. It's a strategy that's dominating YouTube recently. And we did a deep dive with tons of examples that you can join me in right now. As long as you didn't fall asleep, of course.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [46 likes]: You fell asleep watching this video didn't you? 😴
  2. @dpcreation8678 [1 likes]: 😊😊
  3. @riffcodger: Looks like Ai to me😂
  4. @Intellestelarium: So going to sleep to this positive and uplifting themes such as this .. is not going to be contra productive for our humanity ? our sanity ? Our brain wellbeing ?  Just bring the meteorite already !
  5. @DrBiology3: But WHY? kids go to sleep with people being shot in the head. No wonder Govt are after YouTube! Terrible!
  6. @RadarNetizenID: Very inspiring 🎉🎉🎉
  7. @Nurhannblogu: Neden Türkçe altyazı eklemiyorsunuz? 😏
  8. @ArtJourneyUK: Why on God's green earth would anyone want to fall asleep listening to gruesome shooting commentary? That's nightmare fuel... and disgusting.
  9. @ArtJourneyUK: The problem with these sleep channels is that you're woke up every 3-5 minutes with blaring ads!
  10. @dpcreation8678: What is no english speaking is hindi please hindi
  11. @golvifootball: I will not make yt video again.
  12. @Echocosmic-1: This will be very... very.... interesting.
  13. @sandhumalket: Thnks for information bro ❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  14. @Turbo_Gamer1986: Anyone from gmail ? 😂😂
  15. @hamzabouids: ❤❤❤
  16. @AKABLACK1o1: Hi
  17. @Animatrox-x: Que locura
  18. @silki24: so this Channel you show is monetized while showing faces being blown to pieces ?
  19. @bholarana1546: धन्यवाद ईटु चैनल 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  20. @DatingASAP: great video

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- How to BEAT the TikTok Algorithm in 12 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en There are a lot of misconceptions about the Tik Tok algorithm in 2026. You've got all these wannabe gurus out there telling you to use the midnight photo effect to post a specific way to your stories, use the text feature, or engage from the bottom up. It's just a bunch of random tactics that are supposedly going to blow your account up overnight. And what's really frustrating is that even some of the Tik Tok educators that I actually respected have started creating content like this. They've stopped teaching the things that actually help people grow and instead they're pushing these gimmicky strategies that just get them more views and engagement. >> How about new? >> But we're not doing that today. If you don't know me, my name is Mike Yanda. I went from zero to 10,000 followers on TikTok in under 45 days. And more importantly, I have over 10 years of experience in the social media marketing world helping online coaches to grow their audience and their income. I've helped clients like Jared here to go viral and make $75,000 in his first month on TikTok. and I helped Bridget grow her brand to the point where she was making six to $8,000 a month. That way, she could stay at home as a full-time mom. And then there's Mike, who recently took my 30-day Tik Tok growth challenge and took a new account to 22,000 followers and got over eight people to join his coaching program at like $1,800 a pop. So, in this video, I'm going to take you through exactly what I know about the Tik Tok algorithm and how it works in 2026. It's all of the things that you need to do to grow your account without any of the bull. A lot of the advice that you're seeing in your FYP lately, including the things that I mentioned earlier, are completely false. There's just a lot of creators right now that are either a telling you what you want to hear, or b making these outlandish claims that are completely untrue. That way, they can increase their own views and engagement. But underneath all this seeming complexity and the mystery around Tik Tok, the algorithm is really quite simple. And the good news is that the algorithm is going to do everything it can to help you as a creator to break through and get views. The Tik Tok algorithm's number one job is to keep people watching videos and staying on the app. And because content has such a short lifespan on Tik Tok, even if it's a viral video, the algorithm is constantly looking to fill viewer demand by finding more good videos on the same topics. And they need a lot of creators to do that. So, as long as your content is good, the algorithm is going to do everything it can to push your videos and get you to keep making them. But the good content part is the key phrase there. And so, I think it's important that you understand how the algorithm works and what it defines as good content that it's actually going to push to more people. You see, Tik Tok intentionally stalls videos at 200 views, and it runs a small test to determine whether your video is deserving of being pushed to more people, whether it's actually going to make people stop and watch and stay on the app for as long as possible. So, if the first two to 300 people that watch your video swipe past it or don't watch it very long, then the algorithm has no reason to push that content anymore. That's why so many creators feel like they're stuck in this 200 view jail. But when you post a video and those first 200 to 300 people stop and watch the video and finish it at a pretty high percentage, maybe even go to your profile and binge some of your content, those are really strong signals. That's what tells the algorithm, "Oh, this is something that people want more of." And that's when the algorithm starts pushing your videos to bigger audiences. What you have to keep in mind is that Tik Tok does behave a little bit differently depending on where you're at in your creator journey. If you're a brand new creator or a smaller account, Tik Tok is still trying to figure you out. It's learning who you are, what your content is about, and who it should be showing your videos to. So, the algorithm is actually using random people in that 200 view sample audience during the testing phase. This is why so many creators see their videos stall out in the early days and they feel like they're in that Tik Tok jail. It's not because you're shadowbanned. It's because your account isn't clearly categorized yet. Tik Tok just needs more content and more data points so it can actually figure out who the audience is for your videos. Now, when it comes to more established creators, things look a little bit different. The algorithm already has a pretty clear idea of what their content is about and who their ideal audience is. So, even though Tik Tok is still testing their videos on the for you page and often to people that don't know who they are yet, it's actually serving their videos to a better quality sample audience. Instead of guessing, Tik Tok is showing those videos to around 200 to 300 people that are already interested in the topic. That's why established creators tend to do much better in the test phase and consistently get more views. In both cases, the algorithm is putting every creator through the exact same process. The only difference is how well it understands what your content is about and who you made it for. Now, if you have questions about the algorithm, let me know in the comments. But if not, we're going to move on. The next thing I'm going to share with you might feel a little bit counterintuitive, but it is going to help you grow so much faster. If you want to beat the algorithm or have the algorithm favor your content, I actually want you to stop focusing on the algorithm so much. Instead, I want you to swap the word algorithm with audience. Because at the end of the day, Tik Tok isn't making random decisions about which videos go viral. It's just measuring how people respond to your videos. So, when you're starting out with a brand new Tik Tok account or you're a small creator who hasn't broken through yet, it's really important that you get crystal clear on exactly what your content is about. You need to ask yourself, who is the typical viewer that I'm making content for? What is it that they want to hear about? What is it that they want to learn? What are the things that they need help with? It's really important that you get clear on who your content is for and develop like a focus or a theme for your account. That way, the algorithm can more easily categorize you and find the people that are actually interested in your videos. That's what it really means to niche down. And I always recommend that you choose a niche where you have real experience or expertise or at least a very deep passion about the topic because you need to be able to connect with the viewers. It's a lot easier to understand what people want to see in your videos when you have a lot of knowledge and actually care about the problem you're trying to help people with. That's exactly why I chose this niche when I started this YouTube channel because I wanted to help people to grow and monetize on Tik Tok because I had years of experience helping business owners to grow their revenue and their audience with social media. And when I was trying to figure out Tik Tok for myself, there was just so much conflicting advice out there. So, I set out to create the videos that I wish I'd had when I started. Content that didn't hide the ball, wasn't full of BS strategies, and actually gave you like clear step-by-step actions that you could take in order to get results. And that's what I want you to do. Find a niche where you have experience and you care a lot. And then make the videos you would want to see. Now, despite what the wannabe gurus would tell you, there are a lot of little things that the Tik Tok algorithm just doesn't care about. One of the biggest ones is posting time. There is no magic time of day that is going to make your video go viral. No matter when you post, Tik Tok is always doing the same thing. It's testing out your content, seeing how people respond to it in order to decide whether to push it further. Another myth is that you need to post an insane amount of content every single day. You do not need to post 20 times a day, even though I know that there are people that are pushing that right now. Here's the truth. Tik Tok has actually come out and said you only need to post one to four times per day. That's it. And if you just post one video per day consistently, you're going to be absolutely fine. The algorithm isn't going to punish you if you miss a day either. You just want to avoid those long breaks from posting. Now, I also want to talk about hashtags and SEO as well because this is one of those things that people are getting halfway right. And if you're not familiar with SEO, it means search engine optimization, which is just a fancy way of saying using keywords. That way, you can show up in search or in the case of Tik Tok, you know, using the keywords to get categorized so it can show your videos to the right people. So things like the words you say in videos, the topics you talk about consistently, the text that you put on your screen, and the words that you write in the descriptions of your videos, all of those things are going to be data points that help the algorithm figure out what your content is about. Hashtags work the same way. It's just a signal to help the algorithm categorize you. But there's not any kind of mechanism where you're using a hashtag and that increases your likelihood of going viral. You honestly don't even need them anymore because the algorithm has gotten so good at understanding the context of your videos. Over time, it can figure out who to show them to just through the repetition of your topics and the words that you use. At the end of the day, the Tik Tok algorithm is a very simple robot, and it only wants a few things. It wants content that makes people stop scrolling and actually watch. And it wants content that makes people watch all the way to the end and content that makes people want more of the same kind of content. And that usually shows up in one of a few ways. Either from them watching your video and then going and searching for related topics, or even better, by going to your profile and starting to binge all of your other videos. So, if you really want to beat the algorithm, you need to stop trying to hack the platform with these little gimmicks and tricks, and instead focus on two things. Number one, make your topic painfully obvious. Too many creators talk about too many topics, and it confuses the algorithm. You need to make it crystal clear what your content is about, and the easiest way to do that is to create three to four themes or content pillars and then just making videos on those things over and over and over again. And I mean repeat them until you get bored, until you feel like your audience is going to get bored because that is the level of repetition that the algorithm needs in order to consistently categorize you and show your videos to the right people. And this is important for you to understand. Even if you get bored with your content, your audience never does because your videos are constantly being pushed on the FYP to completely new people that have never heard of you before. And even your repeat viewers that are hearing the topics over and over again, it's going to help them to learn and understand hearing you word things in a different way. The repetition also forces you to get creative and to talk about these topics in new ways, which leads to you eventually finding that perfect combination that actually goes viral. The second thing to focus on is just making better content, developing that skill as a creator. Because even if your videos are shown to the right people, if the content isn't good enough and doesn't keep their attention, it can still flop. That's why content research is so important. Pay attention to other creators in your space and the videos and topics that are already working for them. When you see a video that gets way more views than that creator normally gets, save it. Those videos are telling you exactly what your audience wants to see. Model those videos in your own content. Don't copy them word for word. Just make your version of it. Share your beliefs, your expertise, because when you model content that's already done really well like that, you're greatly increasing your chances of getting more views because those are the videos that people want. You also need stronger hooks both with the text that's on the screen as well as what you say in the first 3 seconds of your video. Because if you can't get people to stop scrolling and to continue watching your video, then your views are dead in the water. Your goal is to make people feel like they have to watch your video. Like if they don't watch it, they're going to miss out on something. And if they can't watch it now, you want them to feel compelled to save it so they can come back and watch it later. Now, if you're serious about growing on TikTok and you feel stuck, either as a new creator or somebody that's hit a bit of a plateau, here's exactly what I want you to do. You're going to post at least 10 videos using the framework that I'm about to share with you. Not two, not three, 10 videos. And the reason for that is simple. You need enough data points to see what's actually working and you need enough reps to actually improve your skill as a creator. So, here are the rules for the challenge. Rule number one, pick one niche and then choose three to four like subtopics or content pillars that all of your content is going to fall into. Every video you post should fall into one of those buckets. And if you want, you can drop a comment below telling me what your niche and what your content pillars are, and I can let you know if they're too broad, cuz I understand that this can be a little bit confusing. Rule number two, do real content research. Study other creators in your niche. Find their outlier videos and save them. And while you're scrolling before you page, pay attention to any videos that genuinely make you want to just stop and watch. Those videos are going to teach you what a strong hook and headline actually looks like. Rule number three, for the next 10 videos, you are not going to post whatever you feel like posting. You are only going to model your research videos and put your own spin on it. Take the videos you saved and create your own versions of them. Use the same hooks, use the same headlines, but share what you believe about the topic. This dramatically increases your chances of getting bigger views because you're responding to proven demand instead of just guessing. Rule number four, once you've posted all 10 videos and they've had a couple of days to get views, you're going to go back and you're going to study them. But here's the important part. I don't want you to look at your analytics. I don't care about your watch time, your retention rates, your drop off in the first 3 seconds or any of that. Your only scoreboard is which videos got the most views. Those are your winners. Once you've identified your winners, you're going to let them guide your future content. You can make more videos on the exact same topic in different ways. You can use the hook for a different one of your content pillars. The point here is to iterate on what's already working. And as you're planning your next 10 videos, I would make about 30% of them based on your winners and the other 70% based on content research that you're doing. Once you have that, go post videos 11 through 20 and then repeat the process again. Your goal is to reach 100 videos as quickly as you can. And the more you go through this process, the more you're going to learn about what actually works for you and your account and for the audience that you're developing. That's when content creation and coming up with ideas and planning what you're going to post becomes so much easier. The last thing that I want to leave you with is that you need to treat your Tik Tok account like an investment instead of day trading. If you post a video and you're constantly checking your analytics and your views every few minutes, you are absolutely going to lose your mind. You need to completely detach yourself from how any individual video performs. You want to just go out there, post your video, move on to the next one, and then after you have 10 videos or two weeks of videos, then you want to look back and analyze what worked. And that's when the views matter. You're using the videos that got bigger views as clues to figure out what works for you. That's the entire game. Now, I have one more resource for you that's going to help you spot and avoid all the fake guru BS that's currently in the feed because it's gotten really bad lately. I want you to watch this video up on the screen where I break down all of the things that I wish I'd known when I started on TikTok. It goes deeper into what matters, what doesn't, and the things that you should focus on that actually move the needle. I think you're gonna like it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gleebuscollects [1 likes]: I don't mind being in 200 view jail. It's better than being in 0 view hell!
  2. @gotraderpros [1 likes]: My niche is day trading. I teach people how to day trade. My lives be really getting people in the room and it does good. My posts is another beast and I’m struggling in this part
  3. @REWARDAWARD: This must've not worked I think
  4. @the_alpha_h: My niche is Gaming and my main motive is to get more views from bloodstike game player
  5. @Nanaclubbb: Im a new account and I get 0 views, how this is even possible???? 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
  6. @RuhHakawina: Great info thx❤
  7. @joemalik3562: Really new to TikTok and 2 weeks in posting from + in studio and get around 240 views limit every reel (10 second shorts) a few likes and odd follows but I tried posting a video via creator insights- content gap - into my niche… but views for it were much lower and yesterday posted new video again just from TikTok studio and Zero views? I’m panicking now as reliant on TikTok to break the testing phase and get it out there but if no one is able to see it then it’s a huge problem?
  8. @adustduck: I post my twitch clips on tiktok. My content is random but usually a clip from my stream, should i change it up and fokus on a specific niche ?
  9. @Bossavik6969: Nice video❤
  10. @youstinalocas7871: if i am a center that my posts including - marketing about our courses - and bible studies short reels - and life coaching and real life hacks reels how to manage all together in one page or do i have after these years to split the accounts? i only want to spread the word not making money --- and this strategy works with all social media as (facebook - instgram - tiktok and youtube?)
  11. @EshalFatima-e3h: It's very very nice vadio and very informative vadio 👌 I really like this wonderful vadio thanks for sharing this wonderful vadio and ip web is the best earning website thanks for ip web
  12. @HadirMahmoud-te4gm: This video is full of creative ideas and very entertaining! I found this clip through IPWeb and really enjoyed watching it. Great content and excellent editing!
  13. @Rawaz_muhamad: I made a TikTok account 4 days ago first video got 60k and second got 500k still going but after that my 3 videos are on 1k with better average watch than first 2 videos i think TikTok still testing my videos and trying to show many different people i know the switch to blowup is near or i hope it is 😅
  14. @vursaleif: The truth is, people just don't like my music 😭
  15. @MafiNoob: Is it worth of time ? Btw I am from ip web
  16. @trina941: If Im showing wresths that I ceeate should I put Handcrafted wresths or Home decor for my titles when ai post the wreaths so tiktok knows what I'm about? I usually put the type of wresth It is.
  17. @LuckyJasss: Niche: gen z -millennials pop culture. Current music, fashion tips, lifestyle
  18. @mateuszbaginski6991: Costanza pazienza e rispetto sono la base del sistema e algoritmo . se hai pazienza con i big ecc ;) non ci sono trucchi .. e l'algoritm poi lo vedo come un collega di collaborazione ;) 4.7 visalizzazioni? dei quali chissà quanti profili bot . e il live quei 4 milioni ti serviranno pococ ;) specifica prossima volta : per chi non ha pazienza . ma dopo un mese o due rimane deluso con quel 5 milioni . grazie ;9 non e una critica ma un opinione particolare
  19. @RaihanTheOn: Honestly, I've tried a dozen of these, and IPweb is actually legit for some consistent, easy pocket money. Been using it while watching Netflix for a few weeks now. Thanks
for the breakdown!
  20. @ByronJoeDavid-Daveed: My content is Anime edits. Any suggestions and/or advice?

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- How to Trick YouTube into Growing Your Channel: Kind: captions Language: pt-BR Você não pode vencer o algoritmo! Mas pode enganá-lo para crescer seu canal! Quando comecei no YouTube, coloquei muito esforço no meu canal, mas ele estava parado! Mesmo fazendo tudo certo, me perguntei, como é que alguns canais são escolhidos pelo algoritmo enquanto outros não por anos? Recusei-me a acreditar que era apenas sorte! Então, fui mais a fundo e notei truques que criadores menores faziam antes de seus canais decolarem, mas ignorei! Neste vídeo, vamos revelar quatro truques simples para acelerar o crescimento do seu canal. Eles podem realmente fazer o algoritmo impulsionar seu conteúdo. E não, eu não vou te dizer para roubar ideias ou estratégias de vídeo de outra pessoa. Isso pode ajudar! se feito corretamente. Mas não, estou falando de estratégias que impactam diretamente como o algoritmo lida com seu canal! A primeira coisa é dar sinais ao algoritmo sobre o que é seu canal! Parece simples, mas muitos criadores falham nisso. E sim! Existe uma maneira certa. Imagine, você começa um canal e lança seu primeiro vídeo. Você fica animado, esperando as visualizações, mas elas não chegam! Por quê? Bem Você é novo aqui. O algoritmo não sabe do que você está falando, para quem apresentar seu vídeo, ou sobre o que é seu canal. há 50% de chance de você postar um segundo vídeo e 50% de não postar. Vamos com a chance otimista de que você poste outro vídeo. Novamente, você espera por visualizações. Algumas aparecem, mas não o que esperava. Você está devastado, desapontado. E as chances de fazer um terceiro vídeo caíram mais! E continuam caindo com cada tentativa frustrante. É tão comum agora que na verdade tem seu próprio nome. O primeiro vale da morte! Onde muitos sonhos de criadores morrem. como evitar falhar antes de começar? Bem, você pode superar isso. E é um truque que um dos maiores YouTubers recomenda a todos os seus clientes. É algo assim! Quando lançamos um canal, lançamos com cinco vídeos! Essa é uma regra rígida para nós. Assim, as pessoas embarcam em uma jornada de tempo de exibição naquela primeira semana. Isso diz ao YouTube. "Uau, este é um ótimo canal!" Isso faz as pessoas assistirem e ficarem engajadas. Imediatamente, você está dando um salto no canal de 0 a 100 em vez de 0 a tipo 10%, 15%. Então talvez eu chegue ao próximo vídeo. Esse é o Matpat! Você pode conhecê-lo, o cérebro por trás dos teóricos dos jogos e um consultor para pequenos canais. Bem, ele sabe do que fala. E o que ele explica aqui é um dos maiores erros dos novos criadores. Lançar com um vídeo, ou pior, um canal vazio. A solução dele? Lançar com cinco vídeos. Isso tem pelo menos duas vantagens com o algoritmo. Primeiro, fazer upload de cinco vídeos de uma vez mostra ao público que você leva seu canal a sério. Demonstra que você tem uma proposta de valor clara e variedade de conteúdo. Isso ajuda a construir confiança e encoraja inscrições, pois os espectadores veem seu compromisso em fornecer valor. Segundo, e é aqui que o algoritmo entra, com vários vídeos, os espectadores são mais propensos a maratonar seu conteúdo! Agora você pode levá-los de um vídeo para outro, o que não seria possível com apenas um vídeo. Só de fazer isso, você aumentou significativamente seu tempo de exibição, o que diz ao algoritmo que este canal é envolvente e mantém as pessoas assistindo. O YouTube adora isso e quer mais. Mas essa estratégia de lançamento não vai importar sem dominar o próximo truque. Planejar postar cinco vídeos é só o começo, porque você tem que garantir que seu tópico de vídeo tenha potencial. O tópico pode ser a diferença entre 100.000 visualizações e 100. A boa notícia é que há uma maneira de garantir que escolheu um bom tópico! Existem ferramentas que ajudam a encontrar ótimos tópicos com alta contagem de visualizações no YouTube. E a melhor parte é são gratuitas! Como encontrar esses tópicos? Fácil! Vamos começar com uma ferramenta que todos conhecem! Google Trends. O Google Trends é ótimo para ter uma noção geral do que está popular! Você pode ver o que as pessoas pesquisam e identificar tendências amplas. Por exemplo, se pesquisar crimes reais, pode notar que é um tópico popular com picos de interesse! Isso dá uma ideia de que o conteúdo de crimes reais está em demanda. No entanto, para se concentrar nos detalhes e maximizar o potencial do vídeo, você precisa de algo mais poderoso. É aí que entra o VidiIQ! Vamos pular para a ferramenta e ver como funciona. O inspetor de palavras-chave te dá uma pontuação Vidiq, que combina volume de pesquisa e competição para indicar o potencial de sucesso do tópico! Digamos Crimes Reais! Crimes Reais tem um alto volume de pesquisa, mas também alta competição! então temos que cavar mais fundo. Refine sua pesquisa. Procure palavras-chave relacionadas com melhor potencial, por exemplo Documentários de crimes reais ou Histórias de crimes reais. Verifique as pontuações do VIDIQ para essas variações. Você pode descobrir que Histórias de crimes reais tem competição moderada mas ainda tem um bom volume de pesquisa. Descubra novas oportunidades! Use palavras-chave relacionadas para explorar nichos mais específicos. Você pode encontrar Mistérios de crimes reais não resolvidos, que tem uma alta pontuação no Vid IQ indicando que é um tópico em tendência com menos competição. você não apenas identificou uma tendência popular, mas também a refinou para encontrar um ângulo específico que te dá a melhor chance de sucesso! Isso economiza seu tempo e garante que seu conteúdo será descoberto e assistido por um público maior. E o melhor de tudo, você transformou seu palpite em estratégia baseada em dados. E olhe a prova. Digite Histórias de crimes reais não resolvidos no YouTube e veja as visualizações. Estão na casa dos milhões, indicando que este é um tópico que as pessoas clicam! Mas fazer as pessoas clicarem é só o começo. A parte difícil é mantê-las assistindo até o fim! É uma fórmula direta e eficaz. Quanto mais tempo você mantiver a atenção deles, maior será o tempo de exibição. Isso leva o algoritmo do YouTube a expor seu canal a um público maior. E é por isso que você precisa usar esse truque simples muito mais do que pensa! para explodir sua retenção. Se você já se deparou com um dos vídeos do Dodford, você verá que ele é um gênio da narrativa. Sua narrativa é fluida, é cativante, e te mantém até o fim. Eu me aprofundei no que ele está fazendo e encontrei um fio no Twitter dele onde ele revela um truque secreto de roteiro. Chama-se a estrutura de três atos e ele menciona isso repetidamente. Como usar isso para aumentar seu tempo de exibição? Siga esse modelo. Não apenas uma vez, mas com cada novo segmento. Considere adicionar um gancho que desperte curiosidade, uma história ou exemplo para transmitir seu ponto e só dar a lição no final! E a coisa mais importante é continuar fazendo isso repetidamente ao longo de todo o roteiro para que você possa continuar capturando o interesse bem antes que o espectador tenha a chance de perdê-lo! Por exemplo, digamos que você está criando um vídeo sobre a melhor maneira de cozinhar bife. Você já se perguntou por que seu bife não tem o mesmo sabor dos restaurantes? Então confronte o problema. A maioria das pessoas comete esses erros comuns! Use descrições vívidas e histórias pessoais e finalmente, resolva! Aqui está o método infalível usado pelos melhores chefs! Usando essa estrutura, você não apenas mantém os espectadores engajados, mas torna seu conteúdo mais memorável e impactante! Agora, eu chamo esse próximo truque de o jeito preguiçoso de fazer seu canal do YouTube crescer muito rápido! E eu adoro isso porque você basicamente deixa o algoritmo fazer o trabalho por você. Lembra quando falamos sobre como o algoritmo visa mostrar o melhor conteúdo que satisfaz o público? Bem, quando você faz upload de um vídeo que explode ou vê um sucesso tremendo! isso é uma indicação clara de que é isso que seus espectadores e assinantes querem assistir. Então tudo que você precisa fazer é apenas anotar isso e insistir nisso! O que os criadores profissionais fazem, e você também deveria, é algo que Jenny Hoyos chama de criar baldes! Uma vez que você encontra um formato que funciona, recrie-o repetidamente! E isso garantirá que provavelmente funcionará todas as vezes! explodindo seu canal. Mr. Whose the Boss está fazendo isso com sua série Eu comprei o mais tal tecnologia e Ryan Trahan está fazendo isso com a série Eu tentei uma estrela. Até o Mr. Beast está fazendo isso! Uau! Olhe os milhões de visualizações! Você também pode facilmente fazer isso! Uma vez que você identifica um estilo de vídeo específico ou formato que funciona para você e você acerta em cheio. Apenas continue fazendo isso! Continue produzindo vídeos dentro desse balde! Você tem que ter cuidado, no entanto. Porque muito de uma coisa boa pode ser uma coisa ruim. Aqui está o que o Mr. Beast pensa sobre isso. Todo ano tivemos formatos que funcionam muito bem. Se eu continuasse fazendo os formatos que estavam arrasando em 2020. Eu não estaria onde estou agora. Eventualmente, eles se esgotariam. Eu sou um grande crente em, tipo, terminar um formato enquanto, você sabe, não está muito velho? Eu tenho tantas ideias virais ótimas, tipo que eu quero trazer à vida. Há apenas tipo tantos vídeos que eu quero filmar e tipo tantas ideias diferentes que ninguém mais está fazendo que eu quero trazer à mesa que é tipo eu não quero fazer 15 desses! porque tipo aqueles outros oito que eu faria, eu poderia ter feito algo mais original e criativo. Então sim, explore esse formato vencedor, Mas você não quer se tornar excessivamente dependente dele. Continue experimentando porque isso permitirá que você toque consistentemente nos interesses dos seus espectadores, enquanto explora alguns outros conceitos que podem desbloquear um novo público! Falando em novos públicos. Você sabia que há uma maneira de ganhar 1000 inscritos super rápido? Não? --- Sério? Bem, existe! Confira este vídeo para ver do que estou falando.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCraftyWeb-28 [2 likes]: Can anyone subscribe?
  2. @Pr3ttynProductive [2 likes]: Um hey. I'm down here YouTube could you send some subscribers my way? 😅
  3. @borahaemy7 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for a fan content
  4. @RedPandaj9 [1 likes]: I got one subscriber 8 likes🥳🥳🥳🥳
  5. @waltermaroon [1 likes]: 1:12 Actually mine did on emptyfunk (2.47k subs btw)
  6. @Sharif-n94 [1 likes]: I might hit 100k views
  7. @JeemyZaman [1 likes]: I just started. I don’t know any anything about this.
  8. @The_hungry_cat: I got 1.5k views on my first short, 1.3k views on the 2nd one, 2.5k views on the 3rd one
  9. @archiedoesstufff: you tell me what the video is about (or its title), I’ll give you a perfect short comment for it 👍
  10. @MILKISH_thecreator: Am grateful 😊😊😊
  11. @Thenonbodyguy: Yooo i just got 400 views in 60 minutes on my newest short
  12. @NEXTLEVELMINDSET-c5e: Thanks bro
  13. @mlbautista8779: Who’s watching this in 2026
  14. @Undeadvr_Gtag: I have 7 videos and i already have 38 subs
  15. @C3rtifiedLuk: Yoo! Just posted my first video anyone wanna see?
  16. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I just film different videos on different roblox games.
  17. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I have like 14 videos, now I just uploaded a new one!
  18. @ANIMEFANS-d2j: i don't get any new matter what i do, will try this too🥹
  19. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: " Sometimes people realize your value too late, some changes are painful but necessary  and not everybody understand your worthy at the right time🙏🫶"
  20. @JWolf_2009: I hope so

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- Psychology of People Who Don't Post their Photos on Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever noticed someone who never posts pictures online? No selfies, no celebrations, no updates. In a world that rewards attention, these people almost seem invisible. But psychology says that behavior isn't random. It actually reveals a lot about their confidence, mindset, and emotional intelligence. Let's break down the real psychology behind people who don't post their photos on social media. One, privacy over popularity. Psychologists say people who rarely post pictures tend to have a high privacy orientation. That means they value control over what others see and think about them. They're not antisocial. They simply protect their mental space. While most people seek validation through likes and comments, they rely on self validation. They don't need to announce their life to feel good about it. And that's a subtle sign of inner security. Two, strong self-awareness. Research on self-concept clarity shows that people who share less online often have a strong sense of who they are. They know their values, their goals, and what truly matters to them without needing external approval. This makes them less likely to chase trends or compare themselves to others. Their happiness doesn't depend on how people react. It comes from within. Three, emotionally secure. Posting less is often linked to secure self-esteem, a type of confidence that doesn't need attention to survive. They don't post selfies to prove their worth because they already feel complete. Psychologists say people with this kind of emotional balance are less anxious, less approval seeking, and more focused on real world goals. Four, deep thinkers, not showoffs. People who stay quiet online are often more introspective. They think before they speak and they post only when something genuinely matters. This comes from a cognitive trait called internal locus of evaluation. Meaning they judge themselves by their own standards, not others. They prefer authentic conversations over superficial interactions. Five, they understand the digital illusion. Many of them know how easily social media can distort reality. Psychologists call this social comparison theory where people constantly measure their worth against others highlight reels. By staying low-key, they protect their mental health from that endless comparison cycle. They choose peace over performance. So, next time you notice someone who doesn't post their pictures, don't assume they're shy or antisocial. They might just be more grounded, emotionally intelligent, and self-aware than most people online. They don't need to be seen to feel seen. And that's real confidence. If you love understanding why people think and behave the way they do, hit subscribe now. Because on this channel, we don't just scroll through people's lives. We decode their minds.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KnowSense01 [1900 likes]: Thanks for watching, everyone!
Your support keeps me going, don’t forget to subscribe if you want more content like this!
If you want the deeper explanation and full breakdown, here’s the Part 2 of this video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue6sIKJ--MA
  2. @MultiGratte: Stuff that is easily accessible has low value
  3. @PhillyPsychology: I see myself in this video.
  4. @gigi4841: I really don t post myself, however I do post pictures of were I’ve been if I want to show them, I find that a lite more interesting. Myself not really I know what I look like.
  5. @HiddenSense-386: Wow
  6. @Richard-x2s4h: Thats my life i don't exist for likes from random ppl but a sincere compliment irl f2f is nice if heard from a couple ppl to validate it but I'm not living to be liked either u do or don't idgaf
  7. @MindDecoded-002: Yes there were strong 😎
  8. @Dopamind1: cool nice work
  9. @mindset-0777: How to get these visuals
  10. @TheMidnightPour999: great!
  11. @MindGame-0-k: I am from these people🙂
  12. @nicolobertollo3456: I think it’s sad that we even need to have a video about something that should be absolutely normal.
  13. @VoidTheory-l2x: ❤❤
  14. @CharismaonComma: its useful bro
  15. @Iqrar-p2v: Well done ❤❤❤❤
  16. @hiddenladder-y3g: People
Who dont post are just on another level
  17. @VILLI_POOJA: 11 may attendance please 😅
  18. @laboratoriocuantico: “Peace over performance” is such a good way to put it . Not everyone wants to turn their whole life into content and it happens to me !!
  19. @lessonworth: GREAT VIDEO
  20. @joliexm: Haha true

- Psychology Behind People Who Share On Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en The psychology behind people who constantly share themselves on social media. Just imagine as soon as you open your eyes in the morning, some people immediately grab their phones. Breakfast plate, coffee cup, gym, outfit of the day. And of course, selfies. Every moment, every second, they leave a mark on social media. But have you ever wondered why do some people feel the need to share every detail of their lives on social media? Is it just for show or is it a deeper psychological need? Let's take a look at the truth behind this issue together. First, the feeling of being visible. Human beings always want to be seen, noticed, and in the spotlight. This is a basic psychological need. For some people, social media becomes a way to make themselves feel like they exist. I'm here, too. I'm alive, too. I'm important, too. A post is sometimes like a cry. Notice me. Every like, every comment is like a small stamp of approval. The second reason, approval addiction. The interactions that follow each post, such as likes, comments, and follower counts, trigger a reward system in people's brains. It feels like winning a prize. However, the effect of this feeling is short-lived. Soon after they need another one and after a while it becomes more of an addiction than a habit. People begin to measure their worth not by themselves but by the interactions or reactions they receive from others. The third reason, the desire to create the illusion of a perfect life. In a world where people look good, some people want to say, "I'm good, too." And so when sharing a post, they choose the most beautiful photo or the most beautiful moment and add filters to it, hiding any flaws. Over time, this becomes a scene far removed from reality and the person begins to shape their own life according to this scene. In other words, instead of living their life, they start living a life focused on showing off. Fourth reason, loneliness. Ironic but true. No matter how much some people share, they always feel just as lonely inside. Yes, social media gives the feeling of being seen in a crowd, but it is not a real connection. They constantly share content to suppress their feelings of loneliness. Every story, every photo is actually a silent I am here message. And the fifth reason, control and identity construction. Social media gives people the opportunity to shape their own identities. This allows them to appear as they wish, showing the moments they choose and like. This way they can control to some extent how the outside world sees them. For some people this is a space to create a version of themselves that they cannot be in reality. But there is also an unseen side to this. Some people who constantly share start comparing themselves to others without realizing it. For example, thoughts like, "Am I good enough?" or did my photo get enough likes can undermine self-confidence. And over time, this becomes not just a habit, but a need. And as we said before, it can lead to addiction. At this point, it's important to ask yourself this question. Am I sharing because I really want to or to prove my worth or because I feel lonely? If your answer leans towards the second or third option, recognizing this is a big step because our value is not measured by how many people like us, but by how we feel about ourselves. My opinion is if I can express myself or already like myself, I don't need anyone else. And let's not forget that social media is just a tool. It doesn't define who I or you are. True value is not behind the screen, but within us. If you found this video helpful, don't forget to like it, subscribe, and click the bell icon. And write in the comments, how do you feel when you share something? Is it to connect or to be seen? See you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheFinanceWatcher [6 likes]: 😂😂😂 im a 27 yo male . i find my generation so weak. to us if it wasn’t posted, it didn’t transpire . how lame is that ?
  2. @giselletovar735 [2 likes]: social media depression is horrible
  3. @michel-y5o6y [2 likes]: thank you for video🥰
  4. @RealTruthOfficial-360 [2 likes]: ❤❤❤
  5. @ninjapostman1000 [1 likes]: Attention seeking and insecurity
  6. @HangNguyen-q1y1j: helpful for me ❤ thank youuu
  7. @magnificentnews-abouttoris961: I had come to many of the numbered conclusions myself when I asked myself what kind of reward or positive feelings social media brings ga to me?

I also think that some people who NEVER share anything are the opposite. 

They are fearful of what others think and can’t bare the responses or non responses. 

Either way there has to be a healthy balance. 

Thanks for the video ❤
  8. @HisStewardessInChrist: I looked this topic and was happy to see you cover it. This is important.

- The Psychology of Virality (& How to use it to your advantage): Kind: captions Language: en I have found that there is a secret ingredient to going viral and everyone they think it's the algorithm. But the real secret to going viral is something far more human. Our psychology. Over the last 20 years, I have built a system that has helped brands and celebrities and even creators just starting out reach over 60 billion views. So, in this video, I'll show you how understanding human psychology can transform your storytelling and give you five powerful techniques to go from 300 views to content that consistently breaks through the noise and hits 1 million views plus. But before we get started, it's good to know how the algorithms work in the first place. In a recent video, the head of Instagram, Adam Roseri, practically handed creators the playbook when he broke down how the platform actually rkes content. And if you understand this, you gain leverage that most creators miss. So, there are two types of reach that matter. Connected reach, people who already follow you, and unconnected reach, people who don't follow you yet. Now, no matter who you're targeting, Instagram prioritizes three core signals: watchtime, likes, and sends. With sends being the Instagram equivalent of shares and while we might not have an explainer video from the YouTube or Tik Tok CEO, we do know this watch time matters everywhere. So, if your content keeps people on the platform longer, the algorithm rewards you with more reach because more time means more opportunities for the platform to serve ads and the more ads means more revenue. Your content becomes valuable not just to viewers but to the platform itself. Which is why it all starts by tapping into one of the most fundamental needs any human being has to feel seen. Viral content doesn't just take off just because it's funny or dramatic. It spreads because it reflects something deeper, a subconscious desire to feel or be seen in a certain way. So when you understand what your audience really connects with, you can tell stories that are naturally driven to watch, like, and share. So when somebody chooses to share your content, they're doing it because they feel it reflects who they are. Deep down, we're all trying to signal something, whether it be intelligence, taste, authenticity, or status. So when your content taps into that aspirational identity, you'll not only draw them in with a hook that makes them want to watch till the end, you'll also unlock this prime reason that people want to share it. In this book, Contagious by American professor Jonah Burer, he talks about the importance of what's called social currency. That idea that people share things to make them look good in front of others. They want to appear smart, cultured, and ahead of the curve. They want to seem aspirational so that when they come across a piece of content that promises to give them something they desire, they will watch it till the end. And if they're impressed, they will actually share it to make themselves seem like the person who created the video in the first place. So here's a great example from Robert Crow. Do you want to be the first millionaire in your family? Here are my three best tips to help you achieve it. In his 26 million view video, Do You Want to Be the First Millionaire in Your Family? He uses an excellent hook because it taps into the target audience's desire to become a millionaire. Viewers will watch this to discover his three points, but they will share it because when their followers see the video, they will attribute the receiving of this knowledge to them, which boosts their own status as someone in the know, someone who shares value. It's not just about the content, it's about what sharing that content says about them. British entrepreneur and diary of CEO host Steven Bartlett says that people will pay you what they perceive you're worth. And that applies to both money and attention. The same logic works with content. If what you publish makes your audience feel smart, inspired, or seen, well, they're far more likely to engage with it and share it. Because by sharing it, they're not just endorsing you, they're saying something about themselves. This is something that marketers have been tapping into for years. Brand strategist Craig Clemens, one of the top copywriters in the world, says that one of his favorite ad campaigns, came from the legendary Gary Halper. To assist the launch of a perfume line by Tova Bourn, wife of the movie star Ernest Bourn, he used the headline, Tova Bourdine swears under oath that her perfume does not contain an illegal sexual stimulant. with the subheading, "Wife of a famous movie star agrees to give away 10,000 samples of her fragrance just to prove it's safe to wear in public." This led to the Bour Nines going from earning $20,000 per month to $800,000 per month, all because Halbert had tapped into the audience's need to seem aspirational. They flocked out to buy the product because they thought it would make them more appealing. Now, that may have taken place in the early 1970s, but the company still uses this approach today. Now, every year, Spotify gives users a personalized breakdown of their listening habits. But here's the key. It's not just data. It's a bragging moment. It's an identity flex. Look at how niche my music taste is. Look at how much I listen to indie bands you've never even heard of. People screenshot it, post it, and suddenly everyone is sharing their rap to keep up. Spotify didn't just give people a playlist. They gave people a reason to feel seen and a tool to be seen the way they want. Then of course there are LinkedIn career posts. Stories like 3 years ago I was sleeping on a friend's couch and today I'm leading a team at Google. Now these work because they are inspirational but also they're aspirational. They tap into the identity that people want to project. resilient, successful, and self-made. So, how can you use this? Well, start by thinking about the audience that you're creating for. Not just what they like, but what they want from others to see in them. Remember, if viral content acts as a social mirror, then it will allow the person sharing to reveal who they are. To tap into that, align your content with one of the three biggest aspirational drivers: money, relationships, or health. So ask yourself, does this content make someone look financially savvy or ambitious? Does it make them appear emotionally intelligent, desirable, or socially aware? Does it show that they actually care about well-being, performance, or self-discipline? Create content that when shared allows your audience to signal these traits to their followers. But content isn't just a way of sharing who you are. There's one specific experience that you need to put them through to boost your chances of sending your content viral. So, we've already established that people share content that they connect with. And nothing connects with people more than experiencing an emotion. Because viewers, they don't just just share information. They share feelings, too. And when you trigger a strong emotional response, you're hijacking the brain's natural reward system. But there are certain emotions that do this better than others. In their groundbreaking 2012 study, Burger and Milkman analyzed thousands of articles from the New York Times to find what made certain pieces go viral. And what they discovered was that high arousal emotions such as awe, amusement, anger, anxiety, and excitement were the most likely to go viral. Now, low arousal emotions like sadness, or contentment, they didn't seem to have the same effect. But why does this work? Well, high arousal emotions drive action. They activate something within us that makes us want to share. But that emotion doesn't just stop with the viewer. In 2014, Facebook ran a massive experiment on emotional contagion by tweaking users feeds to show more positive or negative content. And they discovered something powerful. Emotions, they are contagious. You don't just make one person feel something, you influence their entire circle. And while many believe that only outrage or negativity goes viral, the data tells a different story. Positive content spreads just as fast because joy, hope, and inspiration are just as contagious and often times more sharable. And that's what makes emotional content exponential. Therefore, your best shot at going viral is by tapping into these emotional triggers. We've seen this time and time again throughout the years. In 2019, documentary filmmakers Jimmy Chin and his wife won the Academy Award for best documentary as it follows a climber named Alex Hnold who was the first ever to climb El Capitan in Yoseite without ropes. By focusing on the fact that Alex was able to do this without ropes, the marketers were able to connect the audience with the primal fight orflight instinct and in doing so created a curiosity that drove that film to do so well. In 2023, Mr. Beast paid for 1,000 people to receive lifechanging eye surgery. But the story wasn't just about medicine. It was also about hope. It triggered awe, compassion, gratitude, and outrage from critics. Now, whether you loved it or hated it, it got you to feel something. 140 million views because it tapped into deep emotional duality, generosity versus performative altruism. And you don't need ropes or a million-dollar budget to do this. Take Hunter Prosper, a creator who's built a massive following not with stunts or spectacle, but by asking strangers one simple question. What is the most painful experience that you have ever had that wasn't physical? It's a masterclass in emotional design. As someone opens up on the screen, we don't just witness their pain, we actually feel it. And in doing so, we start reflecting on our own regrets, heartbreaks, and moments that we rarely speak about. This is high rousal emotion in its purest form. Anxiety, empathy, and awe, all wrapped in authenticity. And because the emotion feels personal, people share it personally as a way of saying, "This is what I've been through, too," without ever having to say a single word. That's the power of emotional storytelling done right. It doesn't just inform or entertain. It connects, reflects, moves, and that is what makes it spread. So the next time you want to create a piece of content, you want to ask yourself, what is the emotion that you want to trigger in your audience, and how are you actually going to do it? So here are a few tips to help you in achieving that. To create awe, use breathtaking visuals, surprising facts, or stories of extraordinary achievement. Make people feel small in the best way possible. Now, to create anger, expose injustice, hypocrisy, or something that may clash with your audience's values. Channel that emotion into a clear call to action. Now, if you want to create anxiety, tap into fears or uncertainties, but also be aware that you also need to offer a solution or hope for this to work. Now, this is especially powerful for health, finance, or safety related content. Now, if you want to create excitement, build some type of anticipation with sneak peeks, bold claims, or contagious enthusiasm. Think of product reveals or trailers, countdowns. But there's one emotion, a secret weapon that fuels virality. And if you master it, your content doesn't just spread, it explodes. Now, we've already seen one powerful example where this works, but I would like to break it down even further, and that is humor. Now, humor is one of the most powerful viral techniques available because it's both entertaining and it's also relatable. It's a tool that breaks down barriers. It builds trust and most importantly, it gets shared. But you can't make it work unless you understand it first. In psychology, humor is classified as a social bonding mechanism. Now, a lot of studies have shown that when we laugh, we release endorphins, which increases trust, and it gets us to literally sync up with others emotionally. A research paper from 2018 found that humor increases social cohesion, reduces status gaps, and even makes serious messages more palatable. In other words, humor makes you human. Platforms prioritize content that holds attention, sparks emotion, and just keeps people watching. The more relatable engaging your content is, the longer people stay. And the longer they stay, the more the algorithm boosts your reach. People are drawn to patterns of behavior. And when that pattern is interrupted, they freeze. In marketing psychology, a pattern interrupt is that moment that breaks the expected flow of information. It kind of jolts the brain and makes people pay attention. And humor is one of the best pattern interrupts there is. A very clever use of humor could be found in an ad created by the Martin Agency for Geico Insurance in 2015. Now, this was a skippable pre-roll ad on YouTube, which referenced the fact that you can't skip this ad because the message was delivered within the 5 seconds they had to watch it. It worked because it pointed out the truth. It caught people's attention and made them laugh. Then there was Dualingo's Owl, which pushed the company's Tik Tok presence to new heights when they abandoned their corporate polish by taking their mascot of a green owl and pairing it with trending audios to create chaotic skits, petty jokes, and also tapped into Gen Z humor. This led them to gaining millions of followers because they had successfully humanized their brand in a space where just most companies were playing it safe. Now remember what I said earlier, your audience doesn't just share information, they share feelings. So by creating something funny, they'll be able to connect with others because of the relatability. So how can you build this into your own content? So when you're creating something with the intention of being funny, ask yourself, is it a little self-aware? Because a little self-deprecation goes a long way. It lowers the barrier. It makes you seem vulnerable. And as a side effect, you become more relatable. And most importantly, your content becomes more sharable. Does it embrace absurdity? Where in the area of the internet where nothing is too weird? If your idea feels too strange or silly to post, it might be exactly what goes viral. Dualingo's owl twerking, that wasn't an accident. It was a strategy. Does the humor match the tone to your brand? It doesn't have to mean slapstick or memes. It can be very dry, dark, ironic, or clever. whatever fits your brand voice. The goal isn't to be a comedian, the goal is to be memorable. So, even if you don't feel humor is the right fit for your brand, the next one can get fantastic results as well, and it's just as powerful, if not even more so. Now, you might be surprised to hear this, but this one keeps people watching because our brains are wired to chase answers. Don't believe me? Well, think about the last sentence I just said. I implied that you would be surprised to hear something. Now, the question I have for you is, didn't that instantly make you want to know the truth? That's why the emotion that we're talking about is surprise and if you understand how it works, you can use it to help you go viral. It all comes down to neuroscience. So, stick with me. Surprise isn't just a gimmick. It's actually a biological event. When the brain encounters something unexpected, it triggers a spike in attention and alertness, often accompanied by a release of dopamine. This surge activates key brain regions like the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex which are involved in learning, prediction, and decision-making. At the same time, the lyic system lights up, assigning emotional significance to the moment. And that emotional weight helps lock it into memory. In short, a single surprising moment can make your content more memorable than repetition or even beauty ever could, especially when it's part of a strong, cohesive story. It also opens a curiosity loop. The brain wants to resolve the tension. It needs to know what happens next, and that's what keeps people watching. There are several different ways that you can create content that develops a mystery. Dualingo struck again very recently when they removed their Green Owl mascot from every country except Japan. Now, this caused massive online speculation, user generated content, and media coverage. People were absolutely desperate to know why this had happened. A visual pattern had been broken and the internet rushed to fill in the gap. The majority of Mr. Beast's content relies on the element of surprise. His videos will often have a title and thumbnail combination which causes viewers to want to know how it all ends up. Examples like I spent 50 hours buried alive leaves audiences with a morbid curiosity with a burning desire to find out how that had turned out. In what is his best performing video to date with 800 million views, Squid Game in real life not only capitalized on a trendy show, it was also a show which had a hook that generated surprise. By now, everyone knows his game show style, but he created even more intrigue with the question of how can such a brutal game be performed in real life. But how do you do this in your own content? Well, you lead with the unexpected. Your hook, it must immediately disrupt the viewer's assumption. Use something that is visually strange, a bold, contrarian take, or a statement that feels contradictory at first glance. For example, Tik Tok creator Dylan Page starts with obscure images like this one, a vape that is connected to a Tamagoshi. It's so visually striking that it makes you want to know what the device actually is. Another powerful tactic is misdirection. Setting up a predictable premise, then flipping it. You need to lead the audience down one path only to just surprise them with an unexpected turn. This approach especially works well in storytelling, skits, and how-to content. Take this example from Faze Fresh. She begins with what seems like a typical day in the life video as a private chef working with a client, but by the end, the twist is revealed. She is the client she's been referring to all along. Viewers laugh, rewatch to catch the clues they missed, and then share it with friends to see if they'll fall for the twist as well. It's clever, it's entertaining, and it rewards attention. Everything that the algorithms love. Surprising can be challenging to get right, but rewarding once you do. If, however, you feel intimidated by this, then there's another technique that you can use. And if you do it well, you could go viral using this one alone. But if you're looking for a faster path and want to know how we've helped our clients generate millions of revenue, billions of views, and build audiences over 100 million followers, then book a call with my team at Hookpoint. They can help you take your content from just starting out to getting it seen. If that sounds like something that you're ready for, well, hit the link in the description and let's get started. Now, let me tell you about the single most important technique for building trust, loyalty, and lasting authority. I know that you've probably heard this one a thousand times before, but stick with me because most people, they misunderstand what it actually means. And that is exactly where the opportunity lies. I'm talking about offering real value. When done right, this will build trust, loyalty, and authority. It's the foundation of long-term growth, and more importantly, it is the most reliable way to make people genuinely care about you, your content, and your brand. In my work with brands and creators, we use what we call the value first approach. That doesn't just mean being helpful. It means delivering a perspective shift. A perspective shift is a powerful aha moment that challenges the way that your viewers think. You're not just trying to solve problems. You're changing how people see the problem in the first place. Because value isn't just about giving tips. It's about activating clarity. And clarity is what people will remember. When you do that, you're not just offering content. You're offering a shortcut, a tool, or a better way. It's another form of social currency, except instead of status or identity is about being the person who knows the thing that helps. Now, there are countless examples of this online. In fact, it's the one that you've probably seen pop up the most. Any educational topic on YouTube is full of it. Tik Tok and Instagram have pages and pages of techniques that you can use to solve whatever painoint you might have. These can come in so many different forms. Casper Capital delivers money hacks through little skits like this one, helping viewers shift from feeling powerless about hospital fees to understanding how to use their rights to save their money. My superhero foods offer super helpful lists like this one, breaking down which foods people think are healthy but actually aren't. And Kasa Tips just offers straight to the point advice like this where he challenges the idea that you need specialist kitchen tools, showing how everyday items can work just as well. As you can see, there are so many different ways you can offer value within your video. Now, to really get this going, you'll want to land on topics not a lot of people are solving right now. The 2022 AI boom launched Chat GPT into the spotlight, and with it, a wave of explainers about how to use it. These explainers became so popular they created an entire niche of their own. Don't worry though, even though the market is crowded, you just need to get creative in providing solutions. Look, to solve micro problems, don't try to change someone's life in 30 seconds. Just help them do one thing faster, cheaper, smarter, or better. Now, it may come in the form of a tip, a mythbust, mistakes to avoid, howto's. So, if it's relevant to your audience and useful, it will be valuable. When you create these things, make them as accessible as possible. Put them out as lists, step by steps, sideby-side comparison. Do this, not that frameworks. The brain loves structure. So the more scandal your content, the more sharable it becomes. And always lead with the benefit. Tease the results up front. That itself creates the mystery, the element of surprise. For example, want to make your videos look more expensive? Try this. The audience instantly knows what they will get and looks at the content to find out how they can achieve it. So if your content makes people's lives better, even just by 1%, they will engage, they will share, and they will come back for more. Nail any of these techniques, and you'll have made the first step to going viral. And the wildest thing is it's only scratching the surface. So, if you want to learn more, then don't forget to check out this video next where I give you 29 minutes of virality secrets to help you explode your business this

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeliefMachine [4 likes]: I'm small creator/ missionary with a small channel. I'm struggling in what kind of content to create and how to implement a profitable strategy. My heart is not to become rich or famous but to leave a blessing with the under-severed and hungry people of Asia. A course on how to start a profitable youtube channel geared towards small creators on a budget would be amazing taught by you. If I purchased and implemented it, then saw measurable results I would turn that profit into a purse to buy a high dollar offering of yours... I think there are a lot of people like me that would go down a funnel like that. Thanks Brendan. I also mentioned this to Kallaway. I wonder if anyone hears us. Blessings
  2. @samanthamellone [1 likes]: Curious to hear how you’d approach content for nonprofits - they don’t have the ability to create high production content and often those they support can’t be shown for privacy reasons, how can they approach content in a way that’s strategic and growth oriented?
  3. @BrendanKane: Get a FREE copy of my newest book on viral growth (60B+ views): https://goingviral.cc/viral
  4. @SurroundedbyLifeblog: Hey Brendan,
great video, you nailed it again.

Quick challenge for you:
How do you build identity signals and audience connection if you’re not famous, have under 100 subs, and your content is all about nature, dogs, and traditional food?

Curious to hear your take, or is that niche too „slow“ for fast growth? 😉

Greetings from Germany
 Aneta😊🐶🐕🐩🏠
(Surrounded by Life)
  5. @EnglishForImpact: OMG I LOVE the approach
  6. @Faizan_Accountant: Viral …… :(
  7. @daychasermedia: I read Hook Points and stopped half way through.

It is not because the book was bad, (it had a lot of good tips) but the formatting was bad. Because the whole book is like a collection of tactics, but those tactics have no context for why they work.

I needed the principles that gave those tactics context, so I moved on to a different book.

I plan on going back to read this but not until I have build proper foundation. Without that, this book just fills up your head with empty promises that feel like getting rich quick short cuts.

Feels like I was gaslighting myself.
  8. @Candidbliss: Great video! The video on my instagram that got 7.5 million views had a visual hook (scooping out peanut butter with a glove instead of a spoon) plus a text hook that was relatable to people who work in retail
  9. @tessasbrainbreaks: I absolutely love your content, this deserves more views, but unfortunately people only want to watch a video that teaches you what magical buttons to press to go viral
  10. @ChettBGagnon: Do you also help with written posts or only videos?
  11. @vadimpetrosov: How you got only 3 k views? The content is insanely good
  12. @lunazamoracreative: That’s the tough part. What am I worth. What could I possibly know that others don’t.
  13. @MaimboHakooma: Thank you
  14. @celeste3100: If I can’t skip the ad I just mute it until it’s done. I fucking hate commercials.
  15. @favourodelola: Gotta say that Gary halbert is genius.
  16. @dgwbr5958: Hello Brendan love your book; can you create a simplified version of 'The Guide to going Viral' Book for using it as a manual to evaluate videos and accounts.
  17. @ICan-yr9hi: People don’t appreciate Jonah Berger enough.
  18. @Crossroads-CanineVideos: I love this analytical type of thinking!
  19. @MintenJonas: Powerful video Brendan!

I help young men (22–35) break free from distraction, delay and comfort — and build discipline, pride and freedom through my Protocol.

What type of content would you recommend to hit and convert this audience fast?

Appreciate the value. 🔥
  20. @makmillionsensi1212: So much value in one video. I'm extremely greatful

- The Real Psychology of People Who Post Everything Online: Kind: captions Language: en Scroll through any social media feed today. You'll find people sharing every detail of their lives, what they eat, where they travel, how they feel, even the most intimate moments of their relationships. Some posts multiple times a day documenting everything from their morning coffee to their late night thoughts. But have you ever stopped and wondered why? Why do some people feel the constant urge to post everything online? Is it just about self-expression or is there something deeper happening in the human mind? Today, we're going to break down the real psychology behind people who share their entire lives on the internet. Let's start with a simple truth. Humans crave connection. We are social creatures wired to be seen, heard, and understood. For thousands of years, our survival depended on belonging to a group. Being excluded meant danger, isolation, even death. Fast forward to the digital age and that ancient need for connection has simply evolved. Today's social media is the triband posting online has become the modern way of saying I exist. I matter. I belong. Psychologists refer to this as social validation theory. It's the idea that our sense of selfworth becomes tied to how others perceive us. Every like, comment, or share acts as a mini dopamine hit, a little burst of pleasure in the brain's reward system. It's the same pathway activated by food, praise, or even addictive substances. So, when someone posts a photo and sees it get attention, their brain literally rewards them with a chemical feel-good signal. Over time, that reinforcement becomes a cycle post. Receive feedback, feel good, repeat. But there's more. Not everyone posts for the same reasons. Some people share because they want connection. Others post to control how they're seen. And for many, it's a mix of both. Let's look at the first type, the validation seeker. These are people who feel unseen or undervalued in their offline lives. Maybe they're not getting enough attention from their family, friends, or partner. So, they turn to the internet to fill that emotional void. Every like becomes proof that they're valued. Every comment becomes reassurance that they matter psychologically. This is called external validation. The need for others approval to feel secure in yourself. Then there's the curated self-presenter. This person treats their profile like a highlighter carefully edited version of their life designed to impress. They might not post constantly, but when they do, it's polished, aesthetic, and intentional. Their goal is image control, projecting the version of themselves they want others to believe. Underneath there's often a fear of inadequacy. The curated feed becomes a shield that hides insecurity. They're not lying, they're performing. Next, we have the oversharer. This is the person who posts everything, every emotion, every frustration, every personal story. They might overshare because they crave empathy or because social media has become their main outlet for processing feelings. Psychologists call this emotional dumping away to release emotional tension through public expression. The problem is oversharing can create a false sense of intimacy. People may feel connected to you online, but it's not the same as real reciprocal closeness. There's also the performer personality. These people use posting as a stage. They thrive on attention, reactions, and visibility. For them, social media isn't just a place, it's an audience. Their posts are less about connection and more about performance. This often ties to narcissistic traits, a strong need to be admired and seen as special. But contrary to popular belief, not all narcissistic posting comes from arrogance. Sometimes it's a defense mechanism for deep insecurity. They post not because they're full of themselves, but because they fear being forgotten. Now, let's get deeper. Social media doesn't just amplify behavior, it reshapes it. Studies have found that people who post constantly often experience what's called impression management fatigue. That's the mental exhaustion of always having to look happy, successful, or interesting. It's like living your life with a camera pointed at you 24/7. Over time, it can blur the line between reality and performance. You start asking yourself, "Do I actually enjoy this moment or am I just trying to capture it?" And that's one of the hidden psychological traps of oversharing, it subtly disconnects you from the present. When your mind is always thinking about how something will look online, you stop fully living it offline. You're experiencing life as content. It's not as reality. But here's where it gets really interesting. Constant posting isn't always about attention. For some, it's about control. When people feel uncertain or powerless in their real lives, sharing online gives them a sense of agency. This is my story, my narrative, my voice. It's a way of reclaiming control in a world that often feels chaotic. Posting becomes their anchor, the one thing they can control when everything else feels unpredictable. There's also a deeper emotional layer at play. Fear of invisibility. In a world where everyone is constantly sharing, staying silent can make you feel like you don't exist. It's almost like if you're not posting, you're fading away. This is what psychologists call social comparison anxiety. You see others sharing their lives, traveling, achieving, celebrating, and subconsciously you fear being left behind. So, you post to stay visible, to say, "I'm still here, too." But here's the paradox. The more we post to connect, the more disconnected we often feel because likes and comments can't replace real human intimacy. They provide quick hits of validation, but not long-term emotional nourishment. You can have thousands of followers and still feel deeply alone. So, what's the takeaway here? Posting online isn't inherently bad. It's not a sign of vanity or weakness. It's human. We all want to be seen and heard. The key difference lies in why we're doing it. Are we sharing to express or to impress? Are we posting to connect or to compensate? If your self-worth rises and falls with your notifications, that's a sign your validation is being outsourced. But if you can post, walk away, and still feel complete, that's balance. Healthy sharing comes from wholeness, not from emptiness. So next time you post, ask yourself, would I still enjoy this moment if nobody saw it? Because the answer to that question reveals everything about whether you're living authentically, performing for approval. At the end of the day, social media is just a mirror. It reflects who we are, what we crave, and what we fear. Some use it to connect, some to escape, and some to be seen. But when we become aware of why we share, we regain control over how we use it. If you found this exploration into the psychology of online behavior insightful and you're interested in understanding the hidden motives behind everyday human actions, make sure to subscribe to Psyche Edge. Join a community that digs deep into the real human mind, why we do what we do, what drives us, and how to see ourselves with more clarity, awareness, and emotional intelligence.

  Top Comments:
  1. @giannis7123 [2 likes]: Low iq- more confidence-more exposure
  2. @PsychoXTV [1 likes]: 🎉❤
  3. @MuhammadMunwarHayat [1 likes]: Ahan…
  4. @drhashimfarooq7354 [1 likes]: Quick 😀
  5. @nicolobarella9906: I wish one day the social media in all its forms will be the des.truction of the human race. It will be an awesome day. Everyone who shares their lives on social media is narcissistic SOB; it has nothing to do with connection. All of them deserves nothing good coming their ways, their lives, and their kids. Only ill wishes should be their fate.

- Psychology of People Who Play Video Games: Kind: captions Language: en Behind every player, there's a story. Some play for fun, some for competition. But for many, video games are something deeper, a safe space, a place to escape, to feel understood, even when the real world feels cold and distant. Some people don't feel at home in the world around them. Maybe they struggle to connect, to fit in, or to feel seen. But in a video game, they can be anyone. A hero, a warrior, a builder of worlds. For a few hours, reality fades away. The noise quiets down and the digital world becomes the only place that truly feels alive. Many gamers carry a quiet kind of loneliness. They may not have a big circle of friends or they might find social interaction exhausting. Games offer connection but on their own terms. Online they can talk, laugh, and belong without fear of judgment. It's not that they hate people. It's that the real world can sometimes feel too heavy, too complicated. And when reality starts to drain them, they turn to a space that feels simpler, where things make sense. In games, there are rules, goals, and clear rewards. But for others, it goes deeper. They play because life outside the screen hurts. Maybe it's family problems, heartbreak, anxiety, or depression. For them, gaming isn't just fun. It's a refuge, a way to numb the pain. To control something when everything else feels uncontrollable. It's not about winning or losing. It's about feeling safe, even if it's only for a while. And in those digital worlds, there's beauty, sometimes more than in real life. Worlds that welcome you no matter who you are. Worlds that reward effort, not popularity. So, it's easy to understand why some people prefer them. Because inside the game, they find something they can't find outside. Meaning, purpose, and peace. But even though video games can comfort us, they can't replace reality forever. The world outside still waits. With its pain, yes, but also with its possibilities. And maybe that's the hardest level to beat. Learning to live in that world again. To bring a little bit of the courage, creativity, and hope from the game back into real life. Because maybe the real goal isn't to escape life through games. It's to remember that what we build inside those worlds, strength, resilience, imagination, can help us make the real one a little better, too. So, next time you see someone lost in a game, remember they're not just wasting time. They might be healing, escaping, or exploring worlds that feel more real than their own. What's the main reason you play video games? Escape, fun, or something else? Tell me your thoughts. If this changed the way you think about gamers, like this video, subscribe for more insights into human behavior, and join our Discord. And it's free, and the link is in the description. Let's explore what makes us human, one story at a time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReversHub [9 likes]: 🫂 I’d really appreciate it if you hit subscribe — it helps me keep making videos like this ❤
  2. @Spicy_McNugget [3 likes]: People who don’t play games, period. That’s me.👍
  3. @ShadowsofAngmar [3 likes]: I played more than 2000 hours on lotro
  4. @InfiniteGamer-v3n [2 likes]: Build inside first  then outside!
  5. @gamestycon2239 [1 likes]: Well I don’t think many use them as an escape from reality, just entertainment that gives you exiting problems and stories that you feel great doing, it’s a combination of books and movies that you can change thinks
  6. @PsicologiaemPilula [1 likes]: These men prioritize their own path, goals, and growth, feeling psychologically secure and not seeking validation from attention or relationships
  7. @jijizaza-l9x: They say games are simplified version of real life scenarios. Because of it, i play games that help me navigate the world.
  8. @danravecomique8381: Escape because what I feel is nauseating around me

My relatives and my parents tries me to get married... And I hate it

My work when I get frustrated due to slow, agonizing and nit recognizing our efforts
  9. @LINKiSDEAD88: facts
I slayed a dragon and saved a princess today! what did you do!?
  10. @PunchLine-1989: Life is a video game but you only have 1 life and you cant push pause - PUNCH LINE
  11. @MindQSpace: Chasing dreams isn’t wrong,
just don’t forget the people beside you 🤍
  12. @markdeffebach8112: I had to quit playing video games because it was taking over my entire life outside of work and weekend dad time.
  13. @kellychuba: I am 3 months late to this but just in case someone needs to hear it, it's ok to play video games. My Gran was addicted to cards. Whatever it takes to make the day go by better. If it smooths, it's cool.
  14. @AetherSB777: Video games have been scientifically proven to relieve stress and anxiety ❤ also better then watching most brain rot shows with video games you are actually exercising your brain..
  15. @psychologyroad: I like this kinds of videos
  16. @Tap-67-Fs-M: I escape reality to have fun
  17. @preseverence: I think it's a bit far look on things. We can't mix the ones who 'lost' in MMO games and spending 1000s of hours on that, the ones who just play much in different stuff and the ones who play for example on the phone while waiting for something (and spending much of time as well). Same way MMO is not always the 'safe social place'. I personally heard one guy said he plays dota because 'sometimes i need to get out of zone of comfort'.
  18. @Rikipedia2023: In my mid 20s, playing games were to relieve stress from family, work and school. Some were mainly good multiplayer/solo games (Division/The Last of Us) and aside from the genre, I fell in love for games with good stories to them. The Division series I play till today with their new updates to further the story.
  19. @Jam-w1g: They are bullshit type of people, these are losers that cannot manage reality
  20. @djcjr1x1: I've loved video games since first seeing Space War in a huge cabinet at a Pizza Hut when I was probably 4 yrs old. I'm still an active 55yr old gamer today in fact I'm playing right after this.

 I DO think video games can be addictive though especially the quick dopamine hit type developed initially with psychologists for phones that have now moved to PC & consoles. I've had substance/use disorder for 1/3 of my life. I'm a licensed Recovery Coach & have extensive knowledge of the brain chemistry reasons people fall into abuse including gambling, shopping abuse disorders etc. I can feel when I'm falling into abuse/dependence with my gaming and I need to step back & take time off. I know the feeling well & it's the same feeling as any other abuse issue I've had. You may disagree with me & that's fine but I feel the ONLY reason video game abuse disorder isn't a documented registered form of abuse is due to the enormous amount of funding put into disinformation & outright lies from game hardware & software developers. You won't ever change my mind & the same goes for social media almost down to the letter of what I stated above. Be safe people.🤔💯

- Small X / Twitter Accounts: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en if it feels like the X algorithm is ignoring your small account that might be because well it actually is but there is a simple way that you can change that in fact it is this one change that allowed me to get out of beginner hell to consistently gain thousands of followers every month creators sitting at over 100,000 followers still make this a consistent Habit to keep their engagement high now before I reveal this habit let's break down how the X algorithm Works in 2024 since Elon must took over to set now X he's made some huge changes and that's not just to the name he's changed everything from The Branding to what type of content is favored on there the algorithm will always prioritize high quality content and that is highly actionable advice that is Well written but the changes that he's recently made has made it so that images and video are more favored there in 2024 misinformation is now highly downgraded along with any lowquality content that's got grammatical errors in it because Elon wants to keep the level of information High to attract new users but what does this mean for new users well if you're starting off from zero you're trying to get your first 1,000 followers and that is always one of the hardest things to do because you could have the greatest content in the world but it doesn't matter if nobody sees it and if no one sees your content then you're just not going to grow the way you get your posts to show up on other people's timelines is based on the amount of Engagement you get and if you've got a small audience with small amounts of followers you're just not going to get that much engagement it is just not possible to grow an audience on your content alone and the best and most efficient way to grow is to reply to other people's posts and steal Their audience if the Creator then engages with your comment or even repost the comment itself then other people will see it too when you engage with others you build a community around you and social media is about being socialable so if you build other people up then it's more likely that they're going to do the same for you it makes other accounts feel valued and it's just great Karma as you're supporting them they're more likely to support you as well this is networking 101 algorithm then reacts to your replies and comments and sees you as somebody who is active and then you'll get a boost in the app but how do you actually do it and become a grade a reply guy well the best way is to make a couple of lists of sizes of accounts that are similar to yours one small one medium and then one of the biggest creators in your Niche then you're going to go and set time aside and be sociable and I'm going to show you you exactly what you need to do so we go to lists then we would click new list and then type out the name engagement 101 Then type people I want to reply to so the main thing that you do here is to click make private because what you don't want to do is alert people that you're adding to this list now from this one you just add people you can have your friends you can just type them in so I'll put some people who I know and once you've added the correct people just press done and then it'll populate it with a list of people and so when I go on to X next time all I do is just click on lists and then go to my the list that I've created that way I don't need to be on the timeline now you're going to go through and pick some specific tweets to reply to so this one is a good one here what advice would you give people who want to have more self-confidence so I know I can reply to that I would like janik's tweet then I would put something like okay so that's a good reply answering the question you're liking the post you're adding to the conversation positively hopefully that is a positive interaction that someone will see then they will go on my profile then if they liked what they read and they liked things like the pin tweet and the banner then they would click that follow button now we're going to do it just by scrolling the timeline so I'm just going to go through here and read something that I'd want to engage with okay so we found a post here from Charles Miller the best content formula so he's got a nice post and I'm just going to support it because this is great information so I am going to save it so saved and then I'm going to add something to the post so that it's not just staying well done so I'm going to reply in that way now we're going to go to Charles Miller's page because one of the best ways to learn how to reply is to actually go to somebody who has a big following and look at how they actually reply them so here's a good example of a reply from Charles so Cooper here has written out a 7-Day blueprint she's taken a lot of time to create this and Charles has specifically taken a quote from this person 's post and put it down below and he's added in his reply specifically why he agrees with this point so analyze and adjust that's where most people mess up they set it and forget it instead of making is better one test at a time so he's not only supported and been positive with this person's post he's added his own little bit of insight and his own little bit of advice as well great reply okay so the better way to engage to keep you off the timeline of X is to use hype Fury I'm going to click on engagement Builder so what you can do is you can have SE terms or you can make a list of watched users also down the bottom here you can have some Search terms so say if you in sales or you were in email marketing or just Marketing in general you could just type out marketing and then you would have some relevant posts that would come through specifically for your chosen terms or you can have a Twitter list that you have written in X and you can just drag it in so once we've added a couple of people that we want to engage with then we'd go back to where we were and we would just scroll through and do it directly in the app so I found a post that I want to engage with this one's from yanque problem about hooks is lots of people don't like the feeling of being hooked they just want the story so if you can just give people what they want a great story without fluff I'm going to reply with a bit of a joke because I know yanque and I just wanted to be funny so I'd like it and then I'd click reply so you can just do this through Hy Fury as long as you want collect people make sure that you're engaging with them every day say if you did 10 to 20 5 people all in your list that you've created that way engagement will be built and you'll get people coming to your profile another great habit will be to direct message creators as well this builds a fan base and builds some great connections and if somebody knows what it is you're building then when they see it on the timeline they're more likely to engage with it by the way the piece of software that I've just shown you is called hide Fury not only can you engage with lists on the account you can schedule months of content in advance so that you you don't have to spend hours glue to your phone every day now that you've seen the software to schedule post how do you come up with new viral ideas well if you head on over to this video here I'll show you exactly how see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AyomideAdedeji-q2i [6 likes]: Peak marketing, what ive learnt is that, what a video talks about is usually not all you can learn from it.
  2. @adetolasanni107 [3 likes]: I think X need  more of networking to grow.
  3. @SilverFan21k [2 likes]: Cool thumbnail
  4. @Max_Krypto [1 likes]: I even bought a premium account and X hardly shows anything about my business, at most maybe 5 to 10 people see our posts. No likes, no follows just marketing to myself haha
  5. @geethikaisurusampath [1 likes]: All this for an advertisement
  6. @newvillofficial: Wow this is networking 101
  7. @EmersonRicardo-b4o: Assim tem um moçambicano como eu a investigar essa cena foda se 😂😂😂
01/04/2026
  8. @prm4uofficial: Интересный момент про то, как алгоритм X оценивает первые минуты взаимодействия с постом — это очень похоже на логику YouTube, где первый час активности решает всё. Один приём, который реально помог мне поднять охваты: отвечать на каждый комментарий под своим постом в первые 30 минут, потому что X считает это за "conversation depth" и пушит в ленту. А вы заметили разницу в охватах между постами с вопросом в конце и без? 🤔
  9. @Gtk111-j4: Thanks champ💪
  10. @Hullbreachimminent: great
  11. @lazybelphegore6748: (Elon’s new algorithm) downgrades misinformation because he wants to keep the level of information high?   That’s a laugh.  He publishes misinformation in his own posts.  And the algorithm only downgrades misinformation that would benefit liberal viewpoints.  If it benefits comservatives, it is actively promoted.  
And he doesn’t like free speech when its being used for democrats.  But republicans can use slurs (they just put it in their images, that content is barely noticed by the nazi censors.
  12. @The_Mad_Chatter: Anyone know why you want to avoid the timeline ?
  13. @thekhaleda: bro your twitter account gets 1 like and 1 comment on most of your posts 🙄
  14. @winningstreak2025: Card is needed 
Misinformation
  15. @OrganicEnglishMethod: I have not logged onto X since it was called Twitter. Anyway, I got back in with some verification. Now, it won't allow me to post anything, saying that I am automated. I even tried a line of poetry. I wanted to mention about my new books that are being published... Nothing.
  16. @sastar1919: I need x accs
  17. @Rookie_sdr: I’m trying to figure out what format videos work there the most? Vertical or horizontal, since most people are looking from there phone, what is aesthetic pleasing there since we are brand new accounts?
  18. @pablovint: Thanks mate!
  19. @NaomiTivera: I didn’t expect that ending!
  20. @cyberjosh254: I ❤ X

- This YouTube SEO Secret will SKYROCKET your views!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to cracking SEO a series where I'll show you strategies on how to increase your views and subscribers through SEO not just the basic titles and tags you and I are going to look at one of the most underrated forms of SEO that's hiding in plain sight is there a secret YouTube SEO trick that's allowing YouTubers to generate millions of views and craft the YouTube algorithm possibly I decided to do my own research to test the theory that you need to know about this is Matthew beam you may have seen him hiring real life Spider-Man or building Mr Beast squid games Matthew does something with his YouTube content that allows him to show up in search results better than any other YouTuber and I would encourage you to take notes because this could be the secret you need to generating more views I took a look at Matthew's latest YouTube video overnight in the world's best airport there was something that stood out to me not within his video but within the description of his video out of the 5000 characters you're allowed on YouTube for a description Matthew used 2032 of those characters for a detail heavy description in the description below he has two separate blocks one block is more of a recap story about the video and everything that happened within it the second block is where he heavied up on phrases and more keywords and this is where they come into play why would he do this well I decided to run a test on some of the phrases that he was using in the description of his video related to the title of his video I copied and pasted a few of his keywords from the description and pasted those in a private browser on YouTube I wanted to see if these keywords were actual phrases that people could be searching for and see if they were helping Matthew get more views the first term I searched for was I lived in a luxury airport for 24 hours he was the third to pop up the next term was living in the world's best airport again he was the third to pop up the final term I searched for was we lived in the Singapore airport again he popped up third however people are going to YouTube search things like luxury airport and Singapore airport these are all key phrases that Matthew can use to his Advantage because at the end of the day people are searching this on YouTube and his video will rank what does this all mean for example if you're watching a similar video from yes theory Matthew is more likely to be recommended to the viewer who is watching a different video from a different Creator and this allows him to generate more views just from solely including the titles in his video so let's talk about you what does this mean now YouTube is using everything not only in your video but your description also to index your video and to put it in front of the people that it needs to be in front of I will caution you on this one thing because it could open you up to a massive problem if you fill your video with the titles tags and descriptions from things that are not related to the actual video itself you are running the risk of your video video being removed again you want to give YouTube every opportunity to index your video and put it in front of the right people however make sure that you have proper tags titles and the appropriate description of things that are related and interests that are related within the video so that I can place it to the right people and that your video does not get removed if you're looking to make a piece of content research other content that is similar to yours see what's out there on YouTube there's a vast variety of content right here on this platform if there are similar titles and tags within those videos use those in the description of your content to be able to maximize the amount of reach that it can get hope you enjoyed this video and if you did you're gonna like this video and maybe this video too

  Top Comments:
  1. @FREDERICKCLAUDEMAHIEU: Awesome SEO tips! Definitely useful for growing a YouTube channel 🚀
  2. @NovyTom83: A detailed description is such an underrated SEO tool, it’s amazing how using that space for keyword-rich storytelling can help a video rank so much better
  3. @Cheffy-Tech: The concept of the 3-second thumbnail is such a game-changer for Shorts, It makes so much sense that the first few seconds have to do the same heavy lifting as a long-form thumbnail. Thanks for sharing the blueprint 🚀✨
  4. @FriedWiFi-99: Amazing breakdown 🚀 It’s eye-opening to see how a detailed description can act as a bridge to new audiences through related searches. Definitely going to spend more time on my descriptions from now on✍✨
  5. @Aryanchoudhary544: The strategy of using a detail-heavy description to help YouTube index your video for specific search phrases is a game-changer, it’s amazing how much hiding in plain sight SEO can impact reach
  6. @Shverse_Gaming: Thank you.
  7. @piki_djo: what was the software on 3:08
  8. @CowboyJojosAdventures: Great tips, thank you.
  9. @WealthEraSounds: So what do I do for my new manifest music channel?
  10. @EarthAngelTribeOracle: This is my year ❤ for EXPONENTIAL youtube growth
  11. @Muleesempire: posting but getting the same thing 😭😭😭😭😭
  12. @elijahyats2: clean mix, sounds pro 🎧
  13. @elijahyats2: genuinely inspiring 🙏
  14. @TheFrugalFoxChannel: If we all subscribe to one another we all can be monetized 🙌🏿💰🫡
  15. @TonesClark: Great breakdown 🚀 It's eye-opening to see how using detailed, story-based descriptions can help videos rank for so many different search terms. Definitely taking notes for my next upload✍
  16. @YOUTUVEVIDEOSEOEXPERT: I specialize in YouTube SEO that gets your videos ranked higher and seen by the right audience. Ready to turn low views into consistent growth? Let's talk keyword research, title hacks, and killer thumbnails.
DM me or reply to boost your channel's performance!
  17. @Doctor_Said_What: "I am beginning to question the impact of SEO on video performance. For example, my highest-ranking video is rated poorly by VidIQ’s SEO metrics, while several of my videos that are fully optimized with titles and descriptions fail to appear in search results—even when the exact title is used."
  18. @SnapScavenge: its a grind for sure
  19. @deliciasdavovomirian8949: Boa tarde passando para fortalecer nosso trabalho nossa amizade
  20. @JenneterrMada: The background music fits so well.

- What is TikTok Algorithm, and How to Boost Your Video Visibility: Kind: captions Language: en Guide Understanding the Tik Tok algorithm and boosting your video visibility introduction the Tik Tok algorithm plays a significant role in determining which videos are shown to users on the platforms for you page understanding how the algorithm works is crucial for creators looking to increase their video visibility and reach a broader audience in this guide we'll explore the Tik Tok algorithm and provide practical tips on how to boost your video visibility understanding the Tik Tock algorithm the Tik Tock algorithm is a complex system that analyzes user Behavior preferences and engagement patterns to personalize the content shown on each users's for you page the algorithm takes into account various factors to determine which videos are likely to resonate with individual users and prioritize them in their feed key factors include user interaction the Tik Tock algorithm considers how users interact with content including likes comments shares and saves videos that receive high levels of Engagement are more likely to be promoted to a wider audience video completion rate Tik Tok prioritizes videos with high completion rates meaning users watch the entire video or a significant portion of it engaging and compelling content that captures users attention from the start tends to perform well video information the algorithm analyzes video metadata such as captions hashtags sounds and effects to understand the content and context of each video using relevant hashtags and captions can help improve your video's visibility and discoverability user preferences Tik Tok takes into account each user's preferences interests and past Behavior to personalize their for you page the algorithm learns from users interactions and adjusts the content shown to align with their tastes and preferences trending content Tik Tok also surfaces trending topics challenges and hashtags to capitalize on current trends and capitalize on viral content participating in trending challenges or using popular hashtags can increase your videos chances of being discovered by a wider audience tips to boost your video visibility on Tik Tok create highquality content focus on creating highquality engaging content that captivates viewers attention and encourages interaction use eye-catching visuals compelling storytelling and creative editing techniques to stand out from the crowd understand your audience take the time to understand your target audience's preferences interests and behavior tailor your content to resonate with your audience and provide value or entertainment that aligns with their interests optimize your video metadata use relevant hashtags captions and sounds to optimize your video's metadata and improve its discoverability research trending hashtags and incorporate them into your content where appropriate to increase visibility engage with Trends and challenges keep an eye on trending topics challenges and hashtags on Tik Tok and participate in them when relevant joining popular Trends can help expose your content to a broader audience and increase its chances of going viral post consistently and timing maintain a consistent posting schedule to keep your audience engaged AED and your content appearing regularly on their for you page experiment with different posting times to determine when your audience is most active and likely to engage with your content encourage engagement encourage viewers to like comment share and save your videos to boost engagement and signal to the algorithm that your content is worth promoting prompt viewers to interact with your content by asking questions inviting feedback or encouraging participation collaborate with creators collaborating with other creators or participating in Duets and challenges can help expose your content to a wider audience and attract new followers seek out opportunities to collaborate with creators who share a similar audience or Niche monitor performance and iterate keep track of your video's performance using Tik tok's analytics tools and adjust your strategy based on what resonates best with your audience experiment with different content formats Styles and topics to see what performs performs best and iterate based on the results conclusion the Tik Tok algorithm is a powerful tool that determines which Page by understanding how the algorithm works and following these tips to boost your video visibility you can increase your chances of reaching a broader audience gaining more followers and growing your presence on Tik Tok Embrace creativity engage with Trends and provide value to your audience to maximize your success on the platform

- The story behind viral hit, "Love Nwantiti": Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I think Indians call it ble because apparently B means something in Hindi everyone's just having fun with it it's crazy only me it's an exclamation literally um to be honest yeah it's not that word is not from any language it's is my language I I was freestyling and I came up with it and I thought it sounded great but it it's an exclamation It's like when you say OMG or when you say uh you know what I mean like when you say Dam or when you say wow or something like that so crazy cuz they probably don't understand what it even means there a Southeastern Nigerian language called EO it's my it's the tribe I'm from and it means small love literally but it it also means in context when you see like a couple like love between a couple and it like the way it just makes you feel like the way it just looks good on them the love looks good on them it's also called love wi I love has a foundation in some highlight but it's just that with me my approach to it I it's basically guitar music that was created in like the earlier parts of the 20th century like the 40s 50s and they fused Jazz with Hawai it was like a mixture of Hawaiian Jazz and a little bit of Spanish Jazz and they put African rhythms on it and that became High Life a young DJ from macius Ireland his name is DJ yo he remixed the acoustic version of the song he put drums on it and uploaded it it's so crazy because we didn't even know about the the release it was an illegal upload we found out about it when it when it got to the top 50 of the global Shazam chats so my team had to reach out and kind of reclaim the song and everything and it's so crazy cuz the day we reclaimed the song the next day it was number one on Shaz different people started making all types of challenges with that song Some people were using it for memes some people were using it to dance some people were using it for makeup fashion travel like people were using love for all sorts of things people from different cultures and it literally just went even more viral than the first time it's crazy to see people from different parts of the world vibing to the song even if they don't understand the meaning

  Top Comments:
  1. @honey25873 [1 likes]: Very very talented, humble, extremely intelligent and his English is better and “smarter” than most Americans. I can’t get enough of this song!!! I hope nothing but happiness and success for him!
  2. @thetreasuregarden.creates: you mean to tell me Just the Two of us  wasn't sampled?
  3. @anupriyaparashar8953: Hey but what is phole in hindi also
  4. @CobraSpy97: I kissed my gf while we were a little messed up and this song came on and it turned me into a wild animal. I never made love so passionately in my life.
  5. @donnajackman5452: I've given up on love a long time ago and hearing this song makes me want to kick back with a glass of wine and rethink my decision.
  6. @LeahTVdotcom: I live in Hawaii, I do not think there such thing as Hawaiian Jazz . But he maybe is talking about boss-a Nova music. But that is a very romantic music  made from jazz in Brazil.  Leah Tunkara
  7. @iamnormal8648: Who asks for song meanings? Just enjoy the music.
  8. @shakeelshaikh2000: Itna accha song aur inta chutiya thumbnail
  9. @jgrakesh27: My most favourite song
  10. @shahuu5298: Me and my Aunty love it so much love from Pakistani
  11. @joeperez1317: Does anyone know where he looped the chorus from. I've been hearing that ah ah ah ah ah all my life. But I can't remember where it originates from.
  12. @ibrahimuzair08: Bro speaks good too
  13. @vegasentertainment6990: From india so much love this song ❤️❤️
  14. @rajivk4705: Mauritius!!💗💗
  15. @PrincessUSA22: Who clicked on the video after seeing Awez?
  16. @X-Jack231: Literally man, I fell for the song  ♥️♥️
  17. @prashantverma6365: Unbelievable Song Ckay Love Nwantinti Phenomenally Hit Ultimate 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
  18. @queenbee9159: My favorite song right now I even looked up the lyrics so I can sing it! Feels so good even if I don’t know what it means❣️
  19. @RaniDevi-gp6vb: 👌
  20. @ujjwalbharat6928: Unle like o lle in हिंदी

- How 1 Viral Song Ruined Gotye's Life: Kind: captions Language: en the song might have been clicked on over 2 billion times but how Somebody That I Used to Know impacted got's life is much less widely known I felt quite depressed a lot of times and so that that sort of started to really seep out into how the whole of my life was feeling we'll give a highly detailed description of how unexpected Fame affected him what role it played in his choice to quit music and why got's humble nature makes his fate extremely saddening he simply didn't know the song would get so popular which isn't surprising in since his previous songs were even rejected by local radio people wouldn't consider playing my records on Commercial radio stations goer therefore began uploading his music to YouTube where he' gained 250,000 views on his three most popular songs and while this was still insufficient to make an impact globally I was disappointed when my last album um I couldn't find say label to release it there was one single song that was about to change everything gottier spent 6 months writing the world's most relatable Breakup Song which he almost scrapped before its release as he couldn't find the right female singer wasn't sounding amazing and you know that was the final straw I thought I had to let the song go I thought wow I've been sort of waiting for 4 months it's just not coming together thankfully Gotti knew the song had potential I thought it was a strong song it had an emotional sort of intensity to it eventually using kimra who was perfect for its music video which was then leaked to the public giving gottier an unexpected Advantage the video leaked in Australia a week before it was meant to be released and very quickly started you know getting a lot of YouTube views as mentioned the song racked up over 73,000 views before the week had even finished aided by viewers who simply couldn't stop hitting replay yet again I've listened to it non-stop all day like I've done for the last 5 days I've watched this video over 200 times in the past day no joke honestly think I'm responsible for half of the views for This brilliant song brilliant clip confirming the music video had an influence on the song's instant explosion most people they uh you know they think the video clip really enhances the delivery of a song so a lot of people really have you know responded to the video and wanted to share it with other people seems to have sharability goo stated when it hit the first million Mark I was kind of like okay something's happening here although it seemed he was most satisfied to have finally been played on the radio it's the first real hit single I've had in terms of commercial AirPlay in Australia however the radio stations quickly became insignificant as the song received publicity from a range of famous celebrities Ashton Kutcher wrote this is kind of fantastic reminds me of early music vids Lily Allen simply stated love this video while Katie Perry tweeted new music Discovery for me check out gottier specifically this song the lyrics are so true with got's rapidly developing audience amplifying the same message I find it absolutely great this song is getting so much recognition it's gotten more than 7 million views in just 3 months it went on to break Milestone the video alone has more than 65 million hits now on YouTube after milestone its unique video has had almost 300 million hits on YouTube after Milestone it's got like 860 million views on YouTube or something like that making the song bigger than almost any other ever the third most liked video of all time on YouTube with 1 point 4 million likes although despite making a song that was somehow this famous I've read people on Twitter saying they're setting it as their alarm tone got made a point to remain extremely humble 9 months after the song came out gottier explained he still drove an old van just last week your van was stolen 10 million single sales what the hell are you doing driving a van and when asked about what he'd spent his fortune on he had no interest in luxury what is the last huge thing you bought I haven't bought anything physically big I really hoped it to be a new van in a different interview gottier was questioned what is the best thing that happened last year to which he'd respond it probably wouldn't be something to do with a marker of the success of my song or my album more something like a really great swim I took at summers's beach near where I which might also explain why he refused ads on his music video stating I'm not interested in selling my music that's the reason I don't put ads on my YouTube channel which seems strange to people in today's climate but that is a decision you can make I'm like that with all my music I generally never want to cinch my music for products on ads meaning gottier willingly forfeited over $10 million he add that he freely licensed his music to students making films and would even spend his time mentoring people learning music which was supported by a Reddit post reading I sent gottier a link of one of my tracks for the hell of it when I was a bit drunk he actually responded and said he liked it what a great personable dude attaching the original email to prove that he told the truth down in the comments a different person shared the story we threw a few emails back and forth and in my last one I said I'd say hello to him at his upcoming show anyway the tick sold out before I could get one and when I told Wally he offered to put me on the door list I can't say enough nice things about the guy gottier also gave a shout out to over a 100 fans who covered the song however it' be through these covers that gottier first revealed his Fame and success had its own list of downsides been a bit burnt out like seeing another remix another cover of a song like you know and a lot you know some are okay some are quite average and so I was I was a bit bit over it with covers such as the Star Wars That I Used to Know gaining over 30 million views it's no surprise gottier began to feel like he couldn't control the song hearing a lot of bad remixes and edits on Commercial radio around the world like so so far out of my hands that maybe you know my stage name is being badly represented by all these other people doing really crap interpretations of my song with less power over his music gottier was no longer as comfortable if anything I have more sort of self-consciousness or I can sort of see the concerns about like becoming maybe more famous more being prompted to be more of a personality you know being a small fish in a biger pond if you will and when asked on MTV are you comfortable with all the eyes on you gottier responded by stating I don't know go back and forth I guess maybe anxious at times or overwhelmed by it or not sure how to process it maybe I've sort of got used to how to handle it this made it obvious that becoming famous wasn't the motive so much that he'd moved to the other side of the world just to avoid being recognized gottier relocated from Melbourne to Brooklyn because there's a pleasant thing in New York where nobody really makes a fuss I wouldn't know if people recognize me or if they do they're very cool about it and don't mention it I felt the difference when I came back to Australia last Christmas walking into cafes or restaurants someone would say something really nice and want to chat I feel a lot more Anonymous here in New York which is nice confirming he'd lost the personability he used to enjoy with his audience when things get to a certain scale and things get sort of maybe maybe too big it's really hard to keep it personal kind of feels more disconnected to me than when say I was making tracks in my bedroom this seemingly only became worse after winning three different Grammys where during an interview afterwards he'd reveal another way he was suffering from success I sometimes felt a bit sofc conscious about it being such a big song being one that is about people who don't seem to be able to work out the differences and the fact that people sort of celebrating that seemed somehow in conrest to me for a while got Fe this song might have been adding to Global relationship dissatisfaction I feel a bit self-conscious about that because there is an aspect you know the a lot of the song is quite angsty and you know there's a bitterness and a jadedness to it not sure I really want to spread you know that greater sense of angst or dissatisfaction with failed relationship which was in addition to the thought that his song was annoying the World the song is um really overplayed and probably saturated to the point of absurdity where I feel like it's out of my hands but I'm some kind of annoying presence and an audio presence in people's lives that they would prefer not to have there he noticed that people were saying this song is plasted everywhere I can't go to a moreall without hearing it whether I like it or hate it I don't want to hear it anymore obviously they're so sick of it they feel compelled to tell me how sick of it they are and as a result gottier apologized for making everyone listen to his song over and over again because of how many times radio stations were playing it he'd also have to deal with with a phony news story claiming that gottier had died and with completely unrelated YouTube comments such as Rip gottier now you're somebody that we all used to know he'd be forced to clarify on Twitter by simply writing I'm not dead it seemed his only solution for avoiding the public Spotlight was to book an extended American tour however his live performances came with a new problem making his life even harder they really do leave after they've heard the hit especially in America I what have they got got my money worth noticed that the rest of his songs weren't quite so popular some people love some songs and hate others which is just the way it should be probably and perhaps nothing reinforced this more brutally than his 2012 Coachella performance an article explained that after playing his hit single gottier performed the rest of his songs to a noticeably smaller crowd the reason for which was explained by two different people on Reddit my friend said when he performed at Coachella the year he blew up over this song it was the first one he performed and then the crowd just laughed LOL I was there for that and can confirm that I left after hearing that song that's the curse of the one hit wonder got seemed unconcerned about this being true I mean people ask me you know like whether I worry about being a one hit wonder I'm kind of like don't really mind if I don't ever really have a big hit like that cuz some get like well I've had that experience that's what it was like however it was clear that his future music's performance was still heavy on his mind that was such a big hair what's next for you not as big a hit the question came up in so many different interviews that's the pressure of somebody that I used to know haunt you when you're writing new songs gottier made it seem as though he was about to make new music I'm only going to start writing new stuff this year however when asked about whether he can follow up the track with another Smash Hit Goa responded I don't know time will tell I don't know whether I can or whether I want to he clearly didn't work too well with deadlines you're not afraid of waiting you you you you're patient you really want to get it right but after two full years passed with no new music people began to post I wonder what happened to gottier while the original music video filled with comments such as gottier all right guys see you tomorrow last online 8 years ago my man's dropped the fattest Banger in history and dipped now he's somebody everyone used to know however by this point he'd actually appeared on television where he was asked the following question when's the next album coming out uh I don't know I'm working on things and while he didn't sound too confident there was a barely known reason for this just 2 months beforehand gottier released newsletter containing one important sentence there will be no new gottier music the newsletter continued maybe there will be I'm not entirely sure right now with the main question being whether anyone would hear his future music well people certainly would only it wouldn't be posted under Gotti's name throughout his entire career he'd been making music with a band called the basics which became his main project after ditching his solo career the basics bass player Chris schroer had clearly grown tired of people asking about gottier as hi State when I see people saying where's Wally online or making they now he's just somebody that we used to know I just think don't you idiots know how to use Google in the time it's taken you to write that stupid tweet you could have just Googled it and maybe discovered some great music he's been releasing recently on the other end it's so lazy you're not the first person to do that joke just shut up despite announcing in 2021 that the band had stopped touring the basics haven't stopped making music and there's even been some recent hope for gottier as a solo artist in 2020 he was named AR's Australian artist of the decade where he' announced that the follow-up album will be released in the next decade probably and while his past doesn't exactly indicate that it's coming anytime soon got's had an outstanding career regardless of his musical future so how has this success um changed things for you when you opportunities come along they present all sorts of challenges but they present a chance to learn new things and learn new things about yourself through that process so

  Top Comments:
  1. @joesanchez3657 [1 likes]: i think his other 2 songs are bangers too.. still listen to them on my spotify
  2. @brewergamer: I kind of don't get it tbh.  He was making songs, complaining they weren't getting any views.. made a viral song then complains? Like if you didn't want it to get views.. don't upload it 😆. Definitely strange to me.
  3. @da_miksta94: Now he's just somebody that I used to know
  4. @suziperret468: Gouge the magic of your song, “Now you’re just somebody I used to know” seems like it can’t be heard enough. Please come back❤
  5. @PerfeccionistoPerezoso78: Let’s be clear about something; something the people complaining about the pervasiveness of this song seem unaware of.  The people playing it everywhere they go were not agents of Gotye.  He was not the one who had decided to put this song all over the place.  He had written this song to be relatable and then was surprised when it made him famous.  That is the extent of his involvement.
  6. @PebblyLand: I am here after watch the "Balls Up" movie..what about u?
  7. @darrenwilfred5077: 7:44 if the Anxiety song came during that time, ppl would be livid.
  8. @MaokiDLuffy: What ruined his life was plagiarism 🤷🏽 choices
  9. @grantcarter3966: This is one of the greatest songs of all time.  Please reconsider giving up!
  10. @alejandramendez9163: Bronte and Hearts a Mess are my favorites😍
  11. @Directioner4_ever_liampayne: Now he’s just somebody that we used to know
  12. @Lock2002ful: Some things about this story are just so stupid.
Saying no to 10m dollars from yt is a middle finger to everyone that didn’t make it but gave it everything all their life.
Could’ve taken that money and given it to charity for struggling artists if he doesn’t need it or invested it in research or whatever for the betterment of humanity.

Being a one hit wonder isn’t a bad thing. What is bad is if you can’t handle it and deal with it badly.
  13. @CanvasSoldier: I always try to remember- once you release your work to the public, it's no longer "Yours," meaning the audience takes on the work in ways you could never predict. He is a wonderful, true artist.
  14. @mopia: horrible take, making content out of nothing
  15. @brianvarley5939: Complains about being famous while doing tv interviews. Is he apart of the royal family?
  16. @wendygreidanus8391: Gotye not wanting to monetize his music, makes me respect him all the more.
  17. @b34c0n: The narrator of this video has the most annoying voice and intonation of anyone anywhere ever living or dead.
  18. @everydaycompress4259: OK.. NEXt 
20 years later . dang i wish i was famous ! lol
  19. @SauciiC: This is an insanely high iq individual
  20. @SauciiC: BRO SAVED HIMSELF FROM A TRIP TO LSJ.

- Story of Fujii Kaze | The Singer behind the Viral Hit Song "Shinunoga E-Wa": Kind: captions Language: en-US For decades, Japanese songs&nbsp; without the help of anime&nbsp;&nbsp; have struggled to achieve success internationally. And even with the increase in&nbsp; anime hits for the past few years,&nbsp;&nbsp; none has managed to crack&nbsp; into the mainstream spotlight. But this all changed when a singer&nbsp; stormed onto the scene like a hurricane,&nbsp;&nbsp; breaking records and creating&nbsp; history with his musical genius. In this video, I'm gonna tell&nbsp; you the story of Fujii Kaze,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how he became the face of&nbsp; J-pop in just a span of 4 years. But before we get there, let's go all&nbsp; the way back to where it all started. Fujii Kaze was born in 1997 in a&nbsp; small-town part of Okayama prefecture. He started taking piano lessons under&nbsp; the influence of his parents at the&nbsp;&nbsp; age of 3 and was exposed to&nbsp; a plethora of music genres,&nbsp;&nbsp; which led him to create the unique music&nbsp; style that we all hear and love today. When he was in elementary school,&nbsp; his father suggested that he should&nbsp;&nbsp; start posting videos on YouTube as he&nbsp; believed the internet is the future. And just like that, Fujii Kaze&nbsp; became a YouTuber at the age of 12,&nbsp;&nbsp; inching closer to his dream&nbsp; of becoming a musician. Whereas watching Naruto and playing FIFA&nbsp; every day were the only things I did at 12. Anyway, Fujii Kaze continued&nbsp;posting&nbsp; piano covers from Classic,&nbsp;&nbsp; J-pop to POP music for the next several years. In 2017, he realized that instead of&nbsp; becoming a pianist as his parents wanted,&nbsp;&nbsp; his real dream was to become an artist who's able to create music that appeals to both&nbsp; Japanese and international audiences. So, he started posting&nbsp; covers that included&nbsp;vocals,&nbsp;&nbsp; which became the new norm ever since. By 2018, Fujii Kaze received&nbsp; a number of label offers as his musical talent was&nbsp; starting to catch people's eyes. But it was his current manager who went&nbsp;&nbsp; straight&nbsp;to his parent that&nbsp; eventually got their nod. With the label deal in hand, Fujii Kaze officially&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted from YouTuber to singer and&nbsp; started performing at numerous events. Just a couple of months after signing the deal,&nbsp;&nbsp; he performed alongside Official HEGE&nbsp; Dandism at the 51st "Keidaisai", which is an annual event at the&nbsp; Hiroshima University of Economics. Fun fact, the very next year it was Creepy&nbsp; Nuts who performed at the very same event. In February 2019, Fujii Kaze moved to Tokyo,&nbsp;&nbsp; further establishing his presence&nbsp; as an up-and-coming artist. And since he has always been in love with&nbsp; Western music, he travelled to New York in&nbsp;&nbsp; May for a whole month in order to fully&nbsp; immerse himself in a Western lifestyle. As he returned to Tokyo&nbsp; with a newfound perspective,&nbsp;&nbsp; he went straight to the studio&nbsp; to record his first album. It was also then that he met arguably the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important person in his musical&nbsp; journey, the music producer Yaffle, who has been essential in helping him&nbsp; materialize his geniuses into songs. In July, Fujii Kaze held his first&nbsp; solo concert in Tokyo and Osaka, even though he hasn't released&nbsp; any original songs yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; both concerts were instantly sold out which&nbsp; resulted in him adding additional shows. As the anticipation around this new talent grows. Finally, on November 18, he released his&nbsp; long-awaited first original song "Nan-nan". The single was incredibly well-received,&nbsp; especially within the music industry,&nbsp;&nbsp; many critics and songwriters were amazed by&nbsp;&nbsp; Fujii Kaze's ability to mix his&nbsp; Okayama dialect into the lyrics. As a matter of fact, the word "Nan-nan" is often used in&nbsp; Okayama and the nearby Kansai region. On December 24, he released&nbsp; his second single "Mo-Eh-Wa", which is also an Okayama dialect. As 2020 arrived, Fujii Kaze released the&nbsp; music video for "Nan-nan" on January 24,&nbsp;&nbsp; officially making his major debut. However, things didn't always go his way.&nbsp; The Fujii Kaze "NAN-NAN SHOW 2020" Tour&nbsp;&nbsp; that has been sold out and was meant to be&nbsp; held in June got cancelled due to COVID-19. In response to this unfortunate event, Fujii&nbsp; Kaze decided to perform live on YouTube,&nbsp;&nbsp; attracting 20 thousand concurrent views. With momentum on his side,&nbsp;&nbsp; he released the highly anticipated first&nbsp; album "HELP EVER HURT NEVER" on May 20. At that time, no one could've&nbsp; foreseen the historical impact&nbsp;&nbsp; this album was going to have on&nbsp; J-pop, but we'll get to that later. "HELP EVER HURT NEVER" is a motto Fujii&nbsp; Kaze's father taught him, and is also&nbsp;&nbsp; what his label HEHN RECORD that his agent&nbsp; created specifically for him was named after. The album did not disappoint,&nbsp;&nbsp; reaching No.1 on both Billboard Japan Hot&nbsp; Albums and Oricon's weekly digital album. One of my favorite songs from the album&nbsp; is none other than "Shinunoga E-Wa". But unfortunately, "Nan-Nan", "YASASHISA"&nbsp; and "Kaerou" took most of the spotlight&nbsp;&nbsp; so no one was really discussing&nbsp; how great "Shinunoga E-Wa" is. Bet I won't be talking about it any time soon. Following the success of "HELP EVER&nbsp; HURT NEVER", Fujii Kaze achieved&nbsp;&nbsp; something most artists can only dream of,&nbsp;&nbsp; holding a concert at the prestigious Budokan&nbsp; the very same year as his major debut. And to put the cherry on top of a&nbsp; year full of success and accolades,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fujii Kaze received the "Best New Asian&nbsp; Artist Japan" award from the 2020 Mnet&nbsp;&nbsp; Asian Music Awards, signalling his&nbsp; imminent international success. Wait, but there's more. As if&nbsp; he hasn't done enough in 2020,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fujii Kaze began his first&nbsp; Japan tour on Christmas day, visiting 11 cities, lasting til late January You would think that after such&nbsp; an eventful year maybe he will&nbsp;&nbsp; take some time off and recharge a bit in 2021. Nope. In March, he released&nbsp; his 5th single "Tabiji",&nbsp;&nbsp; earning his first No.1 on the&nbsp; Oricon weekly digital single chart. And in May, he released another single "Kirari" the song instantly blew up, becoming&nbsp; his first song to reach 100 million&nbsp;&nbsp; streams while establishing him&nbsp; as a household name in Japan. However, during that time, Japan&nbsp; was hit by another wave of COVID-19,&nbsp;&nbsp; forcing the government to&nbsp; announce a state of emergency. People were once again forced to stay home,&nbsp;&nbsp; so in September, Fujii Kaze decided to&nbsp; hold another live stream on YouTube. But this time, on a totally different scale. With just a grand piano and an empty stadium, Fujii Kaze "Free" Live 2021 at&nbsp; NISSAN stadium reached nearly&nbsp;&nbsp; 180 thousand concurrent views and became&nbsp; the world's No.1 trending topic on Twitter. As 2021 was nearing its end, with&nbsp; another great year under his belt&nbsp;&nbsp; while exploding in popularity&nbsp; thanks to the hit song "Kirari". Fans were expecting Fujii Kaze to get an&nbsp; invitation to his first Kohaku appearance. But when the list of artists&nbsp; was announced in November, his name was nowhere to be found. However, in a turn of events, on December 24,&nbsp;&nbsp; just a few days before Kohaku. NHK&nbsp; announced the addition of Fujii Kaze. And guess what, in an event full of stars,&nbsp; he shined brighter than anybody else His part started with a pre-recorded&nbsp;&nbsp; performance&nbsp;of "Kirari" in&nbsp; his home back in Okayama, then made a surprise appearance at the show,&nbsp;&nbsp; mesmerizing the crowd and TV viewers&nbsp; with a live performance of "MO-EH-YO". The whole country was still buzzing about&nbsp;&nbsp; the stunt he pulled off even days&nbsp; after the show on New Year's Eve. As we move to 2022. Fujii Kaze went straight into&nbsp;&nbsp; the process of preparing for the&nbsp; release of his second album "LOVE&nbsp;&nbsp; ALL SERVE ALL", which is a phrase that&nbsp; reflects on the title of his first album. On March 23, the album was released and&nbsp; received&nbsp;even higher critical acclaim than&nbsp;&nbsp; the first while sweeping the No.1 spots across all&nbsp; album categories with Billboard Japan and Oricon. "LOVE ALL SERVE ALL" also won&nbsp; him the CD Shop&nbsp;Award 2023, with other contestants featuring albums from Ado, Aimyon, Utada Hikaru, Mrs.&nbsp;GREEN APPLE, Yuuri, Creepy Nuts, and more. However, Fujii Kaze's second album&nbsp; was not the&nbsp;biggest story of 2022, it is as a matter of fact completely overshadowed by one of&nbsp; the biggest events in J-pop history. No one saw this coming, not&nbsp; even Fujii Kaze himself. Because apparently, his first album "HELP&nbsp;&nbsp; EVER HURT NEVER" wasn't quite&nbsp; done with the spotlight yet. And a little song, a little hidden&nbsp; gem called "Shinunoga E-Wa", which was overlooked by most people,&nbsp; is about to make a wave so big,&nbsp;&nbsp; that the whole world is going to take notice. Hmm, guess I am going to talk&nbsp; about the song after all. It all started in July when&nbsp; someone from Thailand uploaded&nbsp;&nbsp; a TikTok video featuring "Shinunoga E-Wa". Initially, the song was used&nbsp; to showcase one's&nbsp;love for an artist, an idol, or a character,&nbsp;&nbsp; as the premise of the song is basically&nbsp; an old-school Japanese love letter. As the trend gained traction&nbsp; in Thailand, "Shinunoga E-Wa"&nbsp;&nbsp; became the most popular song in the country. After learning about the news of&nbsp; "Shinunoga E-Wa" going viral in Thailand,&nbsp;&nbsp; Fujii Kaze commented on social media&nbsp; that the song is his personal favorite&nbsp;&nbsp; so he's really happy it's getting more attention. To capitalize on the song's newfound popularity, his team also released the&nbsp; live performance video&nbsp;of "Shinunoga E-Wa" at the Budokan 2 years ago. Soon after, other countries near Thailand&nbsp; also caught up to the trend as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; from Vietnam and Indonesia, spreading&nbsp; to East Asia and the Middle East. In September, "Shinunoga E-Wa"&nbsp; received over a 1000% uptick in streams compared to the previous month, while appearing on the Daily Viral Chart in 73&nbsp; countries, with 23 of them being the top spot. Furthermore, Fujii Kaze's monthly listeners&nbsp; on Spotify have doubled to 4 million, and for the first time, the&nbsp; proportion of international&nbsp;&nbsp; listeners has overtaken Japanese listeners. Here is a series of graphics that visualizes&nbsp;&nbsp; how the popularity of "Shinunoga E-Wa"&nbsp; spread across the world as time passed. The images are a bit blurry&nbsp; but it's really interesting. Kinda feels like watching The Last of&nbsp; Us or Rise of The Planets Of The Apes. 死ぬのがいいわ~ By the end of the year, "Shinunoga E-Wa" has&nbsp; reached the No.1 stop on Genius daily and&nbsp;&nbsp; weekly charts on numerous occasions, while&nbsp; securing the No.4 spot on its annual chart. Fujii Kaze also reached over 10&nbsp; million monthly listeners on Spotify,&nbsp;&nbsp; a milestone no other Japanese&nbsp; artists have ever managed to achieve. Unsurprisingly, Spotify later announced&nbsp; that "Shinunoga E-Wa" is officially the&nbsp;&nbsp; most-listened Japanese song&nbsp; of the year internationally, what's even more incredible is that&nbsp; the song claimed the top spot again&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2023 over YOASOBI's viral anime song "Idol". A Japanese music critic called&nbsp; "Shinunoga E-Wa" the first global&nbsp;&nbsp; J-pop hit since Sakamoto Kyu's&nbsp; "Ue o Muite Arukou" in 1961, more widely known in the West as "SUKIYAKI". God I love this song. Thanks to this unprecedented global hit, Fujii Kaze was invited to appear on&nbsp; Kohaku for the second year in a row. Amidst the "Shinunoga E-Wa" frenzy,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of just sitting back and watch&nbsp; the numbers go higher and higher, Fujii Kaze went on another tour in mid-December,&nbsp;&nbsp; this time visiting 8 cities with 16 shows&nbsp; combined, going all the way til February. Relatively speaking, 2023 is probably the&nbsp;&nbsp; least eventful year Fujii Kaze has&nbsp; experienced in his career so far. With only two singles released, the&nbsp; only major event was the Fujii Kaze&nbsp;&nbsp; and the piano Asia Tour 2023, which&nbsp; was his first time performing overseas. Fast forward to 2024, Fujii Kaze&nbsp; returned to&nbsp;his jam-packed schedule. Releasing the new song "Michi Teyu&nbsp; Ku" for the movie "四月になれば彼女は". Apparently, the translation is "April&nbsp; Come She Will", which is atrocious. In March, Fujii Kaze was invited to perform on the very first episode&nbsp; of tiny desk concerts Japan, which is a new NHK show licensed by&nbsp; the famous NPR Music tiny desk concert. Early on in the video, I talked&nbsp; about how much Western music and&nbsp;&nbsp; culture have impacted Fujii Kaze's music style. So it was extra special for him&nbsp; to hold his first America tour,&nbsp;&nbsp; albeit it was only between New York and&nbsp; Los Angeles, but impressive nevertheless. During his time in America, he also received&nbsp; a gold single plaque for "Shinunoga E-Wa",&nbsp;&nbsp; which is only the second Japanese&nbsp; song ever to achieve the honor, the first one being Chainsaw Man's&nbsp; theme song "KICK BACK" by Yonezu Kenshi. So Fujii Kaze is actually the first&nbsp; to do it without anime tie-ins. After returning to Japan,&nbsp;&nbsp; he hosted a 2-day event in August called&nbsp; Fujii Kaze Stadium Live "Feelin' Good", which attracted a combined&nbsp; 140 thousand concertgoers&nbsp;&nbsp; and 280 thousand concurrent live-stream viewers. The concert was also released as a live&nbsp; album and concert movie later in the year. Fujii Kaze probably really enjoyed his&nbsp; Asia tour a year ago because on October 26, he started his second Asia tour called&nbsp; Best of Fujii Kaze 2020-2024 ASIA TOUR,&nbsp;&nbsp; covering 10 cities with 14 shows. By the way, earlier in the year&nbsp; he released a greatest hits album, but I'm gonna be honest, with&nbsp; only two albums under your belt, it's just a cash grab, which is&nbsp; most likely his label's decision. Anyway, to round up another great year, Fujii&nbsp; Kaze was once again selected to perform on Kohaku. There are many reasons why one&nbsp; would be a fan of Fujii Kaze, his music, his looks, or even his Okayama dialect,&nbsp;&nbsp; the last two are actually why he has&nbsp; such a massive female fanbase in Japan. Personally, obviously, his music is great, and his lyricism is practically&nbsp; at Shiina Ringo's level. If you don't know who she is, well,&nbsp; I'll make a video about her someday but for now you just need to&nbsp; know her songwriting is elite. Anyway, there is one more decisive reason&nbsp; that makes me a huge fan of him, his name. If you watch enough of my videos,&nbsp; you might notice a small detail,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is I don't call the&nbsp; singer's names in English. For example, Yonezu Kenshi or Utada&nbsp; Hikari would normally be spelled&nbsp;&nbsp; and called the other way around because&nbsp; the given name comes first in English. But those are Japanese names, so I&nbsp; prefer to call their names as they are. Now most Japanese singers don't really care&nbsp; about what international audiences call them,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just international audiences in general. But even before his debut, Fujii&nbsp; Kaze has always aspired to make&nbsp;&nbsp; Japanese songs that can attract both&nbsp; domestic and international audiences. So for him to decide that&nbsp; even for international fans,&nbsp;&nbsp; he wants to be known as Fujii Kaze, is&nbsp; a simple yet massive statement for me. He takes pride in his music and culture,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of purposefully making Westernized&nbsp; songs in English to appeal to English speakers, he said I'm gonna make Japanese songs so good that you have to search on&nbsp; Genius to understand them. And I love that attitude. This has been Kushun. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @celinegarcia4158 [6 likes]: Thank you for making this video of Fujii Kaze. To say that he blew in like a hurricane is for me an understatement. He is a mega hurricane leveling the pop scene by virtue of his incredible musical talent. As a multi instrumentalist who makes music that connects the dots of cultures & people's he is truly amazing.   His gift of music transcends spoken language. He can sing in whatever language & he will still surpass expectations. It's an added advantage that his English is proficient. He can do other things really well too like dance! And he is so goofy that he is both funny & endearing. Am l a fan? Hmmmm...My taste in music is eclectic. Let's just say Fujii Kaze is mind-blowing. Hope you make more videos on him. I think he is a national treasure of Japan.
  2. @SoSo-zw4ru [4 likes]: اكتشفته بالصدفة والان اصبح الاستماع له جزء من سعادتي اليومية❤ كل التقدير
  3. @AdrianaIslasGarcia [4 likes]: Gracias por tu video porque estoy buscando todo lo que pueda haber de el y pienso que no hay suficientesvideos que hablen de el  yo lo acabo de conocer en este septiembre de 2025 y me explotó los sentidos su música es tan buena, su forma de cantar sus movimientos, su genialidad lo amo desde ya¡¡¡  aparte que para mi es guapísimo aplaudo el gran artista que es y que no se deja llevar por la moda para ser escuchado el pone su esencia en su música y la transmite en sus canciones por eso es mi primer gran artista favorito de japón y no dejare de escucharlo¡ Saludos desde Mexico
  4. @yun_yun1997 [2 likes]: Thank you. He truly is a wonderful singer and songwriter. I’d love to see you make more videos about him.
  5. @taicheelott1881 [2 likes]: The first time I ever seen him was from the Tiny Desk Concert Japan and was surprised by how much I enjoyed his music. You can tell he listed to a lot of R&B.
  6. @itzkido [2 likes]: Dude I'm so glad covid brings me to nonstop jpop radio on Spotify, suddenly his song came up and I've been listening him even before his song blow up globally in tiktok


Edit : the whole story was I cannot stop listening to vaundy, then what do you know the Spotify radio played me shinuno ga E wa, and I really like it, and I started to listen to his whole album.. and like 3-5 months later the song blew up on TikTok! What do you know...
  7. @kb9658 [2 likes]: Wow very smart & kind idea to live stream performances during covid. Easily becoming one of my fave artists
  8. @porkanddeans9908 [1 likes]: it's funny i learned shuninoga e wa as a meme but stayed for the other music.
  9. @victoriabell9546 [1 likes]: I found out about Fujii Kaze not through Shinunoga E-Wa, but through his cover of Plastic Love by Mariya Takeuchi that I found about 7 years ago. The thumbnail looked like it was a meme, but it turned out to be a banger of a cover!
  10. @MrKumasan1955 [1 likes]: お願いだからマトモな日本語か、難しいなら英語で再up お願いします。アーティスト名と曲名が酷すぎるw
内容はすごくいいのにもったいない...
  11. @maximummaniac1021 [1 likes]: Found Fujii kaze back in 2018-19 and he's ruling my playlists ever since ❤😊, he's literally therapy to me...
  12. @Alice-ef3wj [1 likes]: Kaze's 3rd album Prema just released!
  13. @Elyakins [1 likes]: Netflix recommended his concert to me a few years ago. I used to be a huge The Gazette and Alice Nine fan back in the day. I'm so glad Japanese music is more available internationally now. I moved to K-POP and was shocked that I was able to find the music on iTunes in the States.
  14. @FanonSchwalbe [1 likes]: :face-pink-tears::trophy-yellow-smiling::eyes-pink-heart-shape:
  15. @adorabledork89: It took me a moment to realize who this was and the I heard his voice and went “wait where have I…👀👀..that’s him!” ❤
  16. @ObscureOrchestra: I was scrolling your channel looking for a Sheena Ringo essay, so was happy to hear you mention her at the end! Can't wait!
  17. @OnnieShinnae: This is by far the best Fujii Kaze biography video.
  18. @misaka_sama-j5m: 15:29 Unfortunately,2 new English singles has been now released😂😂😂
  19. @CtrlCCtrlV-p1f: 4:26 His label name is written in Hindi, an Indian language.
  20. @shugadaddy4841: Shinunoga ewa is the first I heard from him and made me interested in his music.

- VIRAL HIT EXPLAINED IN 120 SECONDS | WEBTOON: Kind: captions Language: en a story about high school life the endless grind of video creation and how numbers will dictate your life oh and fighting a bunch of people just for relevance I mean they're high schoolers they can't be that tough ooh that's what you get for talking smack it's viral hit in 120 seconds go hobu is your typical high schooler with dreams of making them dollar bills a dream he watches his classmates live out every day as famous you new tubers new tubers this legally distin company that is not affiliated with YouTube yes yes they're different so different hoben struggles to pay his sick Mother's medical bills increasingly overwhelmed by all the expenses piling up that's actually really sad a fact that his bullies have no problem mocking him with what I will end them but how can he earn some quick cash he started his own Channel with the goal of making money I mean fostering a community oh does he do gaming content no oh he logs does he bring in famous friends to get some pull I mean kind of oh oh is it trouble bits people recommend bullies for him to fight bullies who are five times his size are professional fighters and can beat him in one punch um can hopen fight don't worry he watches videos online on how to fight he has an MMA Master oh okay well I bet he's a powerful wise Marshall I'm sorry is that a chicken yes that's his teacher what no that's crazy you think this chicken knows how to fight no it's this chicken Buck what now it's time to learn how an amateur fighter can beat an MMA heavyweight world champion you can't you think an amateur like you can even compare to the raw power of a trained professional you are weak pathetic no skills zero charm having brain roted kid who like in a plastic baggy how do I make this p and B noises when I don't have any lips okay here's now a technique that will help you beat oh sweet so H trains and takes on these bullies for the almighty dollar but there's more to it than that right this story falls under one of my favorite categories the people are regular people who are really skilled Fighters that's it similar to steud group heo Pascal and lookism oh look these two share an author the story draws from real martial arts and integrates it perfectly into the series I mean for real look at the breakdowns the punches look at that kick and hobin is more than a money hungry character the growth he goes through in the series is thrilling we won't spoil it but the hobin in the start isn't the same as the end and we aren't talking about just physical prowess but they're still high schoolers why would anyone be afraid of them I understand they trained for a long time and are highly skilled Fighters so you think you'll lose nah I don't [Music] got it good yeah you had that coming

  Top Comments:
  1. @JMGenshin [48 likes]: Not the "Nah, I'd win" quote. 🤣🤣🤣
  2. @memmisarra [23 likes]: Woow shout out to the animation group 👏👏
  3. @anon3600 [19 likes]: Damn it took an anime adaptation just for you guys to finally show this webtoon some love

I can't even hate this time cause it was extremely well edited lmao
  4. @alexwoods636 [8 likes]: this webtoon is funny AF!!!
  5. @Lovely-nr5wj [5 likes]: I love this webtoon ☺️ and i love the anime too
  6. @Bagu2772 [4 likes]: Hobin!Hobin!Hobin!Hobin!Hobin!Hobin!Hobin!Hobin!
  7. @Ezztheboyok [3 likes]: Pls im begging can you make a Jupiter men explain in 120 seconds it so under rated i love it could be the next big cartoon like ben 10 or avatar the last airbender
  8. @Bagu2772 [3 likes]: It's funny god 😂
  9. @1faithchick7 [2 likes]: Just letting you know Webtoon. I am unsubbing due to all the evil crap you are doing to your creators. Sabotaging them telling their fans about physical copies of their work and writing contracts in a auper evil predatory way is not acceptable. And you know it isn't, because you didn't use to to that. I hope you are sued.
  10. @priyanshuyt171 [1 likes]: Season 2 plsssssss😢😢😢
  11. @fairyland_studios [1 likes]: HELP DOWAN IN 0:59
  12. @manimtired7434 [1 likes]: First
  13. @lightningjadejavier: 1:57 honestly that's too accurate. 😭
  14. @nexsus_forvibes323: after watching the anime i read the webtoon and i always get frustrated when i run out of free chapters, im at chapter 170 after 4 days
  15. @priyanshuyt171: Pls sesao 2
  16. @Tomoechan-z2e: ❤
  17. @Readerofstars: Its ending
  18. @fairyland_studios: The editing and storytelling im laughing my a-- off

- 🔥 Bắc Bling EXPLAINED! | Hòa Minzy & Xuân Hinh’s Viral Hit 🎶🇻🇳✨: Kind: captions Language: en all right so have you heard this one back bling I mean it's uh it's catchy right but today we're diving deeper than just the catchy tune yeah we're going Way Beyond just the song into bakn province in Vietnam the cultural heart of it all exactly contemporary Vietnam episode one what's buckling that's our jumping off point it's a video and it's a really fascinating look at how tradition and modern Trends kind of like Collide and create this like whole new thing yeah it's really interesting how they blend together so we're going to unpack those layers yeah let's peel it back and help you understand what makes Buck bling tick okay so first things first what does big bling even refer to the video makes it pretty clear it's about Buck Province right right and the video really highlights Buck is the home of this ancient Quan hot singing tradition M but here's where it gets interesting this super old art form is getting like a Resurgence yeah through things like Tik Tok it's reaching a whole new audience which is pretty amazing when you think about it and it's not just any type of singing right Quan it's got this romantic element to it it's like a duet based tradition yeah the video actually calls it musical Tinder which I thought was like the perfect way to describe it instead of swiping you got this back and forth singing between two people sometimes even across like rivers and streams it's like a musical conversation almost a form of flirting really wow that's pretty cool yeah so we've got the sound now let's talk visuals because the video also highlights some very specific imagery that's tied to bog you're talking about the non th right the hats those beautiful round hats with the long flowing ribbons exactly and those are super traditional toine they're making a comeback too it's like tradition meets modern fashion yeah and it shows you how something old can become new again but let's not forget the beetle leaves the video even asks is it like chewing gum yeah that's a good question because for someone who's not familiar with Vietnamese culture Beetle leaves might seem a little out of place but they're really important B leaves in Vietnam particularly in bne they symbolize Hospitality you know connecting with people and even expressing romantic interest it's like offering someone a beetle Leaf is like the traditional equivalent of a swipe right makes sense so we're seeing a lot of symbolism here it's not just random Traditions it's a whole web of social Customs that have been around for centuries yeah and then there's the clothing via hallo the con write the robes and headscarves the video really emphasizes that these garments represent Vietnamese Elegance like when you wear them you're basically stepping into a classical painting and they look so striking in the modern dances in the buck bling bling video it's like tradition meets modern Swagger it really is and then there's H liim Festival which the video calls Buck me's most significant Festival yeah it's a huge celebration of quana singing everything from performances to competitions you know they even have games and stuff it's like a big Community talent show but with this deep cultural meaning behind it yeah keeping those Traditions alive yeah and then there's the whole art of preparing Beetle leaves Tim the Phoenix wi Beetle leaves right that's where they fold the leaves into the shape of a phoenix way it's not just about offering Beetle it's about the Artistry the care that goes into it it's a sign of respect and good wishes it's like taking something simple and elevating it to an art form it really adds another layer of meaning to it so we've talked about tradition but what about the modern side of back bla the video makes us really interesting comparison says it's like if your peaceful grandmother suddenly draft a mixtape you know the kind with rap and medm yeah it's that unexpected twist that's what makes it so catchy is taking Quan hont and fusing it with modern music it's not about replacing the old it's about finding new ways to connect with it especially for younger Generations who are like super plugged into things like Tik Tok yeah that's so important to keep culture relevant and buckling does a great job of that so what's the big takeaway here what's the video Trend to tell us I think think it's saying that culture isn't stuck in the past it's constantly changing it's finding new ways to express itself and buck bling is a perfect example of that it really is it's a reminder that tradition and modernity can exist together and that they can even make each other Stronger Yeah you know you've got this Rich cultural heritage of buck me with the Quan hot singing and the non thou hats and the beetle leaves and the owl kop outfits and the high Lim festival and even the Phoenix Wing Beetle leaves yeah it's like a whole tapestry of traditions and then you add in the modern elements like Tik Tok and the music and suddenly it's something fresh and exciting but it's still deeply rooted in that cultural history and that's what makes it so compelling so here's a final thought for you what other Traditions around the world are being reimagined for the Modern Age and what does that tell us about the power of culture to adapt and Thrive even in a constantly changing world that's a great question to ponder it really makes you think it does and that's what we're all about here on the Deep dive so until next time keep exploring keep digging deeper and keep those earworms coming you never know where they might lead you and that's a wrap you see you next time bye for now

- What Is Branding? 4 Minute Crash Course.: Kind: captions Language: en-US <i></i> The term branding people use it interchangeably with logo design, identity design, and even sometimes typography and maybe we need to set the record straight. I know you're the best person to tell us what is branding Marty? Yes. So let's start with what branding isn't. OK. It's cause it's not a lot of things people say it is. It's not a logo. A logo is a very useful tool for a business, but it's not the brand. It's a symbol for the brand. A brand is not a product. So when people talk about this brand buying this brand or that brand they're really talking about buying one product or another product. The brand is not that. People say the brand is a promise the company makes to customers and there's some truth in that. I mean it does end up acting as a promise, but that's not what it is either. Advertising people like to say "well it's the sum of all the impressions that a company makes on an audience." Well you know if you're trying to sell a lot of impressions I can see where that might be useful to you. But from a business point of view why do they want that? How does that help creative people understand what they're doing? So none of those things are really what branding is. A brand is a result. It's a customer's gut feeling about a product, service, or a company. It ends up in their heads in their hearts. They take whatever raw materials you throw at them and they make something out of it, but they're making it. They're creating it. And so in a sense when you create a brand you're not creating one brand, you're creating millions of brands like however many customers or people in your audience. Each one has a different brand of you. So a brand has like a reputation. Right. So it's your business reputation and everyone's gonna be a little bit different about what that reputation is. And that's OK as long as you have got it corralled mostly where you want it and that it's beneficial to the company. So we tend to look at companies and designers tend to look at branding as, from our point of view, like this is something we're doing. We're telling a story. We're making a claim. We're you know making a pitch and that's what we do. But that's not what a brand is. The brand is the result of that. And if you don't start there, you don't know what you're doing. You actually don't know. You think you know what you're doing but you don't. So from a designer's point of view I mean I always tended to be this way it's like I just had, it was my gut feeling. Right? About whether this is going to work or not. And then I would sell it as hard as I could to get the client to sign off on it. From the client's point of view, they're going off the checklist. I got the logo, I got the tag line, I got the ad campaigns. Check! And they think they're done. None of that's right. You know? What's right is what happens in people's heads. Like what have we achieved? What's the reputation that we've created through the products we're putting out, and the design of the products, the messaging we're putting out, the look and feel of them, our culture. You know? How does that affect people? How our employees behave, you know, how is that affecting our reputation? All that stuff counts. So it's a big world. And it actually takes in almost all of the business. Not so much finance but finances involved too because finance has to greenlight all these things. But almost everybody in a company is you know affecting the brand, doing something with the brand, doing it for the brand, or hurting the brand. So you've got to think of it that way. I didn't want to say one word because that was perfect and this is unscripted. Marty is just talking from decades of experience and writing and articulating this. It's very clear to me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dwealthstudios [2 likes]: Hey The Futur,
I came across your content and really like what you’re building.
I run Strategic Brand & Conversion Video Agency, and we help creators save time and grow faster by handling editing, clips, and content repurposing.
If editing is something you’d like to take off your plate — or improve — I’d love to chat and see if we can help.
Either way, keep up the great work 
D-Wealth Studios.
  2. @pattumpadamalum [1 likes]: Brand is a personality, the customer starts his journey with…
  3. @The4thofDiamonds [1 likes]: A profound shift in perspective, Defining branding as a gut feeling and a result rather than just a logo is such a powerful way to understand how businesses truly connect with their audience
  4. @Subhadeep67 [1 likes]: Now the question is how to build a brand?
  5. @KeanuReave-s9p [1 likes]: the conclusion I got in my head is...

branding isssss, the overall fulfilling demand of the customers with there whole satisfactory services achived by the BRAND. whatever they need, we complete it for them from our enddddddddd.
  6. @Richard_Vidzz [1 likes]: Great quick explain-up on what branding really means, super clear and helpful 💡👍
  7. @DAH3RD-001 [1 likes]: Who’s here in 2099😎
  8. @NorviqueCrest: People don’t buy products, they buy perception. Branding is everything.
  9. @bobbybird4985: you give them what they didnt know what they always needed but never had ❤❤❤❤
  10. @JamesRougeauEXTRA: Breaking News...
A (( BRAND )) is a brand. Yes, like on livestock. It's a visual logo, imprint, design signature. That's all. Some are attractive, ugly, eye-catching or thought provoking. But it's still just a visual representation of a person, place or thing.

Now, we can change or attempt to change or even change the definition. That's a different story.

True, there is more than meets the eye. There's fulfilment of product or service that plants good or bad emotions to seeing the (( BRAND )) but those efforts are not a signature. I truly sincerely believe we have intentionally or unintentionally blurred the concept of advertising, marketing with a (( BRAND )). Maybe our intellectual narcissism is killing us. God help us. lol. 

I've appreciated you guys for several years. Thanks for sharing your works amen.
James
  11. @Execlens: A precise definition. thank you
  12. @DominicEverly: Very useful for beginners
  13. @KeninAlbuerne: woww
  14. @ThanhNguyen-cg7hw: muy bueno
  15. @luekezie4300: 1:17
  16. @fananff: But how to change this in social branding nahh bro it’s relly hard
  17. @Sensus-b5j: Quick question.

I noticed you’re already posting podcast Shorts.
Are they doing what you actually want them to do yet?
  18. @SakinKakazai: Im very surprised. This video so helpful
  19. @Bolisdeng-y8e: Hi I'm a video editor I'll make for you if you want
  20. @Hobert-v9p: Really solid examples. You can clearly see how a strong key visual helps keep the message consistent across all channels and makes the campaign instantly recognizable. Simplicity + clarity works best.

- 5 Ways to Get Viral Video Ideas (Every YouTuber Should Know): Kind: captions Language: en I use five main strategies to come up with viral video ideas that get views like this for myself and also my clients and in this video I'm going to share all five of them with you so that you'll never run out of Banger video ideas ever again so let's start with strategy number one the absurdity formula the absurdity formula relies on creating content that is within the realm of possibility but is so absurd that it seems almost impossible and I'm going to show you how to use it for yourself in the early days of YouTube it wasn't that hard to get a ton of views if you knew what you were doing because the standards for Content were so much lower than what they are now for example 6 years ago Mr Beast published this video where he gave away $10,000 which was absolutely crazy for the time it ended up getting 10 million views whereas this video on giving away $10,000 that was posted by a Creator who has way more subs than Mr Beast did at the time only got 35,000 views which is pretty good nonetheless but is a long shot off of Mr B's 10 million nowadays if an unknown Creator were to publish this video it would probably struggle to even crack 1,000 views potentially because giving away $10,000 in a video is no longer absurd enough because it's been done so many times to weigh bigger scales so to use the absurdity formula you need to come up with ideas that people think are absurd or aren't possible on my old gamedev Channel Nate Dev I created a video called I made a game in one line of code which got over 2 million views the reason this video did so well is that most people understand that even small video games require hundreds if not thousands of lines of code to make them work so doing it in one line of code was crazy to people however I mentioned earlier that it also needs to be within the realm of possibility despite seeming almost impossible and this is important because if you make an absurd claim and then don't deliver on it in the video your viewers will get upset and click off your video killing its performance on the flip side if you make a bold claim like I did and then actually deliver on it you'll get way more clicks on your video than you even know it to do with in fact I literally did this with two other videos on the exact same channel that did the same thing as the first so to use this technique for yourself you want to first put yourself in the mind of the viewer and then write down 10 to 20 absurd video ideas don't even worry about whether these ideas are possible right now just generate the absolute best videos you can think of for example if you make Finance content you might want to make a video called I don't know I built a$0 million business in 24 hours or if you make cooking videos for example maybe you'll come up with a video called cooking a five-star gourmet meal with $5 just make sure your ideas don't seem too impossible or viewers will think you're lying and won't click and once you've written down a bunch of video ideas you'll want to figure out exactly how you're going to deliver on them which might seem really difficult until you get creative and realize that you can cap a little bit if you just follow it up with a super educational or entertaining video to make up for it for example in this video where I made a game without using my computer I technically made the game without using my computer because I actually ended up calling my friends on my phone and telling them how to make the game with their computers and the only reason this worked and didn't feel like clickbait to my audience is because I followed it up with a super entertaining story and video but if this strategy doesn't end up working as well as you'd like then don't worry because I have four more strategies that I'm going to show you for coming up with viral video ideas which leads me on to number two the social hack social hacking involves creating an idea that capitalizes on familiarity and relevance even large Brands like Nike outside of YouTube use social hacking like when they partnered with Michael Jordan to create the Jordan shoe line and I'm going to show you how you can use this method as well but first take a look at George jenko's Channel you can see that his videos get 10 of thousands of views with the odd video getting a few million views and then bam he creates a video with Andrew Tate becoming his most popular video and gets over 12 million views the reason social hacking he knew that his core audience was in the range of 18 to 25-year-old men and what is this audience love Andrew Tate so he got in contact with his best friend Patrick f David asked him to connect with Andrew flew all the way out to Romania and then did a podcast with him he took on a ton of risk but it paid off because of the power of social hacking his audience was super familiar with Andrew so they clicked right away now the good news is that you don't even need to have somebody famous come onto your channel to utilize social hacking instead you can always just capitalize on stuff that's currently trending for example the game power world recently blew up so on our client's Channel we knew a video about it would probably do well however every single video about po World circulating YouTube at the time was talking about the game's controversies and we knew that if we didn't do something different we just get lost in the SE of video saying the exact same stuff over and over again and probably wouldn't get fused so we took a different approach and instead focused on PO world's marketing success and it became a 20x outlier on the channel pulling in over 20,000 views on a newish 300 sub Channel and speaking of outliers let's move on to number three the outlier method an outlier is a video that performs extremely well compared to everything else on a given Channel now a lot of outliers come as a result of luck but these days there are tools that specifically help you find outliers and I'm going to show you the one that I use every single day so first you'll want to find niches that are adjacent to yours meaning you share a very similar audience with them for example the Roblox Niche is very adjacent to the Minecraft Niche the female fashion Niche is adjacent to the male fashion Niche and the YouTube education Niche is actually adjacent to the finance Niche basically F niches with a very high audience overlap to yours then you'll want to use the tool one of 10 to search these niches for videos that are huge outliers and then adapt them to fit your Niche for example when generating ideas for this channel I search through the finance Niche because it has a very similar audience to the YouTube education Niche and found Alex horos video if I wanted to become a millionaire in 2024 this is what I would do full blueprint which was a pretty big outlier I then adapted it for my own channel and created the video the blueprint to blow up on YouTube in 2024 and it got a one of 10 almost instantly one of 10 has also been kind enough to sponsor this video but I genuinely use this tool every single day to give myself fresh inspiration for video ideas on a plethora of different channels I'm working on and it's never let me down in fact it's literally the third tab in my bookmark marks bar for easy access and for good reason so if you want to use one of 10 like I do then click the link in the description below for a 20% off discount code next up is number four the research tab alongside recommendations a lot of viewers also find videos through YouTube search features and you can use that to your advantage with the research technique to use this technique you want to first go to YouTube Studio analytics and then click the research tab where you'll be able to see things that viewers of your channel are searching for when looking for a video in fact it'll also show you searches that had what YouTube calls content gap which are gaps in the market where there's high demand for a specific search term and not a lot of Supply or you know content to deliver on that search term so if you're ever stuck for a topic idea I suggest checking out the research tab on your channel and using a Content Gap search you already know people want it and that in turn will increase the chances of it going viral if again you follow it up with a banger video and finally number five is the recommendation station the recommendation station is the simplest of the five strategies to keep it simple here's a quick tutorial on how to do it first you want to download the one of 10 Chrome extension using my link in the description below then you'll want to go to the YouTube recommendations page and the one of 10 Chrome extension will then give you the outlier scores on the side of each video once you find a video that is in a niche that's somewhat adjacent to yours you can then just repackage that video and then use it on your own channel very similar to how we do it with the one of 10 tool except it's so much easier and you can even do this while you're on a break watching YouTube or doing anything else anyway I hope you found this video useful and if I missed any of your favorite ways to come up with video ideas then just just comment them down below so that I can make another video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Youmeandneurodiversity [2 likes]: Validated content idea mining = the best way to come up with video ideas. Look for ideas that have already resonated with the audience in your niche on YouTube, (videos that have more views than subs for that channel. For example, 10,000 views but only 2,000 subs is audience growing). Watch it, make notes, understadn what specific “problem” the video is solving. Then go read the comments, look for what people thought the video did well/did bad. Look to understand the specific problem better than anyone else. Then from that data, formulate your own idea. And there can be 3 simple variations. It can be different take of the idea, it can be a vertical exploration of the idea that precedes, or procedes the idea, or it can be a side side step of the idea, so something very similar but in a slightly different niche for example.
  2. @declaredgoose [1 likes]: I thought the ad was the video🥀
  3. @20shots99 [1 likes]: I cant edit like that its too hard😢
  4. @BaHiepDo-e3g [1 likes]: I admire your creativity.
  5. @ambientworldsoundscapes [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! I've just started my first channel, a mix of asmr whisper english lessons and beautiful atmospheric music. I'm small and new but wanting to bring some much needed joy to the world. ♥️
  6. @Punjabijatt-x8c: ❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @tubaughloohoo: Are my new videos fire?
  8. @RedstoneXavier: It no work work tho
  9. @FNAF2great: Dude I’m young I can’t do these things (11 years old)
  10. @dancer.Aryan.77: ❤❤
  11. @TheGAMERDyl4n: Okay yeah this is fucking stupid
  12. @102markdude: I kept guessing what to upload until I started using a tool that shows which videos actually overperform in a niche. Planning feels way less random now. Tool is in my bio
  13. @CoreAnimates-cs: Thanks for the video ideas
  14. @TheGAMERDyl4n: You know not everyone makes content for kids
  15. @vidIQHub: good edit
  16. @UbiybBiubiub: Tysm bro. I made 60k in 20 days. And 60k subs on my channel, not this one, but a diff channel
  17. @ReallyFlippy: I’d reckon half of the population YouTubers used this tutorial. Amazing!
  18. @NovyTom83: This breakdown of the Absurdity Formula and Outlier Method is a game-changer🚀 Most creators just guess, but using data to find adjacent niche winners is the real secret sauce to growth. Thanks for the 1of10 tool recommendation
  19. @kovlolz: he copied my pfp
  20. @sloanteehee: your final tip is to STEAL content? geez man... that is rough.

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- I Analyzed 1,000 Viral TikTok Shop Affiliate Videos, Here's What Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en I've analyzed thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos and what I discovered completely changed the way I approach affiliate marketing in 2025. You see, most people think they understand what converts a Tik Tok shop video to sales. But after studying countless successful campaigns, I can tell you that 90% of what you think is true is completely wrong. And I know this because I tracked literally everything. View count, engagement rate, conversions, how long is a video, when did they post the video, what product type is it, you name it. The data does not lie. For example, some of the highest converting videos that I studied had less than 50,000 views, while some of the super viral videos that I studied converted at less than.1%. Which means that viral doesn't always mean it's converting. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the patterns, the formulas, and the strategies that separate the videos that are making serious money and actually converting from the videos that are just racking up views and not converting. So, grab a pen and a piece of paper because this is going to be one of the straight value videos where I just share insights that could save you months of trial and error. Let's jump straight in. Here's the first major discovery that kind of caught me off guard. The most viral videos are not necessarily the most profitable. I've seen videos with 5 million views that don't really convert that well. And then I've seen videos with 200,000 views, for example, that are converting machines. And the difference isn't luck, it's strategy. You see, videos that are made purely to go viral often sacrifice conversion elements. They focus on things like entertainment value, shock factor, trending audios rather than actually just selling the product. Meanwhile, the videos that balance the entertainment along with clear product benefits consistently outperform the pure viral content when it comes to sales. But here's the most important thing to actually remember. The sweet spot that I've discovered is videos that hit anywhere between 100,000 views and 800,000 views with high engagement rates. These videos have enough reach to generate significant sale volume, but they also maintain focus messaging that is needed to drive conversions. The message here is crucial. Don't chase millions of views if it means you're sacrificing the conversion element. A targeted 500,000 views will make you way more money than an unargeted 5 million view video every single time. But views are just the beginning. What I discovered about how top creators actually showcase their product will completely change how you film in the next video. They use something called contract principle. And this completely changed the way I think about product demonstration. Here's the thing. The highest converting videos don't just show the product working. They show the product working compared to the problem that it solves. This before and after approach creates an immediate visual impact which drives conversions through the roof. So for example, opposed to showing a phone case and how it, you know, protects the phone. A great example of this would be showing a phone case breaking and then showing the same scenario where the phone case would solve the problem and save the phone from breaking. This contrast creates an emotional response that regular product demos simply just can't match. And here's why it works so well. It mirrors why people actually make purchasing decisions. They're not just buying your product. They're buying the transformation from their current problem state to their desired solution state. And here's where it gets really interesting. This approach works across every product category. Skincare, show skin issues and then show the improvement. Fitness products, show the struggle and then show the ease. For homegoods, show the mess and inefficiency and then show the solution and how organized it is. For tech products, show the frustration with current options and then show your product solving it. The possibilities here are endless. But here are the key insights to make it actually work. The contrast has to be dramatic and immediate. The bigger the visual difference between the problem and the solution, the higher your conversion rates will be. Now, creating a perfect contrast video is great, but what happens after you go viral? This is where most creators completely drop the ball, costing them thousands of dollars of potential profit. You see, the money isn't in just one viral video. It's in what you do immediately after going viral. I've noticed creators who go viral but don't make significant sales are missing a crucial element, and it's follow-ups. The most successful Tik Tok shop creators use what I call the follow-up formula. And here's what it looks like. Day one, your video goes viral. Day two and three, you can answer the most common questions in the comments. Day four and five, you can create video responses that are addressing purchase objections. And then day six and seven, you can share social proof or testimonial content. And here's why it works so well. When your video goes viral, the Tik Tok algorithm keeps pushing your videos to people who viewed your content previously. This is pretty much just creating a retargeting effect without spending money on ads. The key insight here is this. The viral video attracts attention and hopefully sales, but your follow-up videos convert that attention into a lot of sales. Most creators will make the mistake of trying to go viral again opposed to capitalizing on the existing attention. I've studied creators who consistently convert viral moments into a lot of sales, and they all follow this pattern. They become way more salesy in their follow-up content, directly addressing purchase intent with clear call to actions. Here's the cool thing about it. Your follow-up videos don't need to go crazy viral. They just need to convert the warm audience that already exists created by the viral video. For example, you can do common replies with questions like, "Where can I buy this? What size is it? Is it worth the price? Do they have different colors? But here's where it gets even more interesting. Not all viral content is actually good for your business. In fact, some videos can completely destroy your long-term earning potential. I call this good viral versus bad viral, and the difference determines whether you make money or just waste time. Good viral videos actually work because people genuinely want the product. The engagement is purchase intent focused. Comments asking, "Where can I buy this? Let me know when they restock." Bad viral videos don't work due to controversy, shock factor, or entertainment that's way far away from the product. that has nothing to do with the product. These videos can get millions of views, but they attract the wrong audience and can end up getting literally zero sales. The lesson, don't chase viral moments that aren't aligned with your sales goals. A video with a 100,000 views from people who actually want to buy will always outperform a video with a million views from people who are just entertained. And here's how to make sure you never make that mistake. When creating content, ask yourself, would someone who loves this video also want to buy the product? If the answer is no, don't post it, no matter how viral it might go. Understanding this principle is crucial, but there's something even more important happening behind the scenes that most creators don't even know about. And it explains why some terrible videos consistently outperform professional content. You see, Tik Tok makes money when people buy through the shop feature. It's around 6% on every single sale. This means that they're financially incentivized to push videos that drive purchases, not just views. I've studied hundreds of simple videos, seemingly bad videos that were pushed consistently. They were getting a massive reach and a lot of sales. The common thread wasn't really production quality of the video. It was conversions. Tik Tok's algorithm has learned to find videos that are leading to purchases and they reward those videos with increased distribution regardless of traditional engagement metrics. This creates such a unique opportunity. You can succeed with simple phone videos if you focus on salriving content over entertainment value and the algorithm will amplify your content because guess what? It's profitable for Tik Tok. And here's what this means for you. Focus on clear product benefits over viral trends. Prioritize purchase intent over entertainment value. Use very direct CTAs or call to actions opposed to just like subtly suggesting they buy it. And last, show the products solving a real problem immediately. The most successful videos that I found that converted the best weren't really the most creative or entertaining. They were just the most effective at driving immediate purchase decision. Tik Tok rewards effectiveness over creativity in the shop feature every single day of the week. And now let me share some more actionable insights of videos that I found work best for each niche. For beauty products, it seems like transformation focused videos like before and after elements perform the best. The key in my opinion is showing real immediate results opposed to long-term benefits people want things. Now for fashion items, I've seen a lot of stuff of people wearing multiple outfits with one item. So wearing shorts and then showing a bunch of different outfits you can wear with it. Versatility is the biggest selling point for homegoods. problem-solving demonstrations of the product in real homes, like in real environments, crushes just, you know, showing the product on camera. People need to see a problem and solution, and they need to see the product fit in their actual life. For electronics, comparison content that positions the product against a more expensive alternative, value proposition here is everything. For health and wellness, it seems that personal story content with like a genuine story, it just feels super relatable and it converts best. People need to trust the creator before trusting the product. Now, if you make sure to take all these key insights into account when making your next video, I promise you're going to see your conversion rates spike up. And to finish off, I'll share the three core algorithm principles that make your videos seem highquality versus lowquality in the eyes of Tik Tok. First, the algorithm definitely seems to prioritize authentic engagement over artificial metrics. Videos with genuine comments and meaningful interactions get boosted, while content with hollow engagement gets suppressed. Second, Tik Tok definitely seems to reward educational videos. Videos that can teach, inform, and solve problems consistently outperform videos that just entertain when it comes to conversions. And then third, the algorithm favors creators who consistently drive sales. When your videos regularly result in sales, Tik Tok, I think, sees you as valuable in the shop ecosystem, and they're going to keep pushing your videos. Understanding these algorithm preferences allows you to work with the algorithm opposed to against it. Now, after studying thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos throughout my career, the pattern tells a clear story. Success isn't always about following trends and copying what other people are doing. It's about understanding the psychology of your audience as well as the mechanics of the platform that you're posting on. The creators that are consistently making a lot of money with Tik Tok shop aren't just getting lucky with viral content. They follow specific datadriven strategies that maximize not just reach, but also conversions. The patterns I've shared today represent years of studying successful campaigns and could literally save you months of trial and error. But here's the biggest thing. Knowing the information is only valuable if you implement it. So my challenge to you is very simple. Take one insight, only one insight from what I talked about today, and apply it in your next 10 videos. Track your results and see how it's impacted your performance. And then come back to this video and choose another key element and keep doing that until you nail all of them. Now, if you want access to even deeper insights, specific product recommendations, and my complete Tik Tok shop system that I've used to generate over a million dollars in the past 8 months, click the link in the description to see if you're a good fit for my community. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @naturecaught-1 [2 likes]: people give this content in paid courses and you have provided everything on youtube salute you man
  2. @bigppwillywonka3 [1 likes]: BUY MY COURSE PLEASE 😂🤡🤡🤡
  3. @ShadowManStudios-g6q [1 likes]: The biggest hurdle for most getting 5,000 followers in order to join Tik Tok shop affiliate.
  4. @oswaldoguilarte165: La creatividad digital  debe ser aprovecha por el sistema de pagos de IPweb como una opción de integración  en la nueva tecnología
  5. @Vnx_cr77: Do you have any suggestions, recommendations or tips for book promotion? I promote self help books
  6. @ArtsyLifeStudio: I have a mail club called letters from the garden and how could i create shock factor through art? Ive been trying for years and i had one video go viral from animating my character but i did follow up but im not sure how to balance the viral and audience who want to buy my art that show the difference between the busy digital world versus my slow simple life art
  7. @pepeltr91: Do you have any advice for a leather jacket brand?
  8. @monicapainter11: Thanks for this. Amazing valuable info
  9. @thekeychange: This was fantastic thank you
  10. @absolutelyaryana: You’re so right. I just got active with tts three and a half weeks ago. I have four out of 25 videos with sales and only one product is actually selling on two videos but they were the ONLY videos where I was legit showing a tech product comparing it to other options and showed it solving an in the moment problem immediately.
  11. @strangefruitugc: I saw a 10 pack is men’s shorts in the Product Marketplace and thought about you 😅
  12. @Multi-AccountMastery: C.J., solid data-driven breakdown and the contrast principle is proven. But most creators commit to ONE product angle (like skincare vs fitness vs tech) and burn 2-3 months before realizing the conversion rate is dead. Smart move: test 3-4 product angles in parallel for 7 days—use aged accounts from accsmarket to skip TikTok Shop's 14-day trust-score grind, post identical value but frame it for different avatars, measure which gets best CTR and actual sales, THEN commit your main account to the winner. You compress validation from months to one week and don't waste 80% of your content budget on a dead-end product.
  13. @hadihasanxhartanah: need to post 3 videos per day is a myth?
  14. @MikeandMichelleMeskel: I’ve got some of these pieces in place.. but need to fine tune some things. Thanks for this video.
  15. @naturecaught-1: amazing bro
  16. @DarleneVibes: 💯 🔥🔥🔥 No bs, straight to point, the whole video is MEAT!  Thank-you so much for being real and give us the meat!
  17. @buhaykalsada1992: thank you!!!
  18. @TogoatshiOP: Good video ngl
  19. @alex.cochrane: Fire
  20. @texanscheer09: Thank you SM🖤🖤🖤

- How to Market a Viral App (500K Downloads Playbook): Kind: captions Language: en Lovable Cruy Geni. Do you know what these three startup have in common? Three letters. UGC. They mastered user generated content. Because people trust word of mouth more than anything else, UGC replicates that at scale. It looks like friends recommending products and not brands pushing ads. So, how do you actually do this? To show you exactly how to scale your product from zero to thousands of users, I invited Julia, co-founder of PlayKit. They help startup like Substack or Flow generate over 70 million views and tens of thousands of downloads, posting more than 8,000 pieces of content every single month. >> We scaled to about half a million downloads really, really quickly. I was the only person doing distribution at all. We didn't have influencers. We didn't have paid ads. >> In this video, you will discover the exact playbook from zero followers to your first video at 100k view that convert. why your comment section matters more than your video and how to hire and scale to 100 plus content creator without droning in management. Let's dive in. Julia, before we start, why should I care about UGC or organic content on Tik Tok? >> I love it. Yeah, I think UGC and organic marketing is really going to be the next biggest distribution channel. We've never had a marketing channel like this before where you can really ingrain yourself into your own target audienc's community and kind of do marketing from the inside out rather than you know influencer marketing, paid ads is really from the outside in where you're able to just put out so many pieces of content. learn what resonates with your users and then also understand and learn how you can change and shift your product to actually replicate some of the learnings that you're finding on all of these different content pieces. So, it's really great across the board when it comes to you know messaging but then also for your product as well >> and what kind of result I can have with like UGC or if I start myself to just publish content on Tik Tok. Yeah, I mean I think it's pretty incredible. In the beginning and like how I started doing UGC, it was just me working at a startup leading growth there. Um, so I was the only creator, but we scaled to about half a million downloads really, really quickly. I was the only person doing distribution at all. We didn't have influencers. We didn't have paid ads. Um, it was just my job to, you know, post a couple times a day on TikTok, learn what was doing well, reply to some comments, and the the flywheel can really spin from there. Okay, I'm hooked. So, I'm an India India or a SAS founder. I have a Tik Tok account, but I have absolutely no follower and I don't know where to start or to get my first download. What do I do? >> Yeah, I think um the first thing you got to do is you got to do a really really big deep dive into okay, you know, I want to get users for my app. Who are these users? Give them a name. I think a lot of people who I talk to online on Twitter come to me and I'm like, okay, who's your target audience? And a lot of times people can't answer that question for me. And my first question back to them is, how are you ever going to expect to find and reach these people if you don't even know who they are? Um, so do a lot of research and understanding, you know, who am I trying to reach here? Who would really benefit from my product? And then that's the first step you need in order to start marketing for them. Once you do that, you can, you know, create the Tik Tok account. Um, I also get a lot of founders coming to me who are like, I don't really want to create content in my with my face on it. And I'm like, well, you got to get some cash flow then because that's the easiest and the cheapest way to just market your product and to, you know, get your first users. Um, there's a lot of resources out there now and we share a lot of resources through Playit too on, you know, how to create those initial videos, but a lot of it is just testing and learning, too. look at and see what other people are doing in your space and with similar products and replicate and and kind of go from there. Um, when I started, I like wasn't even a Tik Tok user really. I was just totally self-taught. And as long as you pay attention and you watch what people are enjoying on the algorithm, then you can totally succeed at it too. >> So interesting what you just said. You said that you were not a user of Tik Tok yourself. And I think a lot of thing that stop funer or anyone actually to start is that I don't know Tik Tok. I'm too old or you know like I'm not a user of it. So how do I even create my account or is there like something I should do before posting maybe? >> Yeah, great question. Yeah, I think too it's Tik Tok is not like um like for me I I'm super non-technical and I'd be like I don't really want to learn how to code and I I don't think I would be necessarily good at that. But Tik Tok is one of those things where you can really learn a lot by just observing um and and testing because it you get the feedback loop so quickly that you could understand, you know, what works and what doesn't. But yeah, I think when you're going from those zero to one stages, it's really important that you do all the right things that people say on Twitter, right? So like warm up your account when you have that understanding of your target audience before you even post any of your videos. You want to make sure that when you do post, those videos are going to go to the right people. Um, so how to warm up your account, you just created a brand new Tik Tok account. What you do, you go to your for you page and you search up terms and you search up questions that you think your target user or your target audience would likely also be searching up. Um, I just talked to somebody who has an app that throws events in New York City for maybe people who just moved to a new city. So, for that example, they would be searching things like how to make friends in a new city or events in NYC around me, things like that. Um so then when you post your videos re targeting those people who are looking up and curious about those things and those pain points your videos reach them and then in that process as well you'll see what other types of content kind of float in that niche and you're able to do a lot of research and understanding of okay how do I replicate some of these already viral pieces but plug my product in there too. There was something like really interesting that you shared is that for example, if I have a B2C mobile app myself, if I create a Tik Tok account, I should not like put the logo and the name on it, but more create like a different kind of account with a description that is like almost the one that my uh ICP like my ideal customer will have as well. And you gave an example about let's say I am a woman who want to learn Spanish in 70 days and that would be my description and >> why should I do that and not do my account with like my brand straight away? >> Yeah, it's that's a great question. Really the goal with UGC and all this content is you don't want consumers to be able to detect that this is an advertisement. Instead it's very incognito. It feels organic. it feels like you know a friend, somebody like you is just posting this content because they really enjoy the product. So everything should feel very very organic um to the sense that sometimes you don't have even the product name in the video at all and a lot of the conversion comes in the comment sections. But yeah, to your point, I think when you're creating your accounts, one of the most important things is make sure your profile picture is like a face of the user who's going to be posting on that account. Make it just feel like, you know, something real. you're almost looking at UGC as like actors, right, that are creating these Tik Tok accounts and and really spreading this message. Um, and that tends to have the highest conversion rates because it gives consumers that sense of discovery that they really discover something themselves. >> Okay, nice. And to continue on that, like I Okay, I have my profile set up, everything is ready, I'm ready to record my first video. What do I even talk about? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, it goes back to that, you know, really good target user, target audience, um, research and understanding of them. And when you do that warming up process, you'll find videos and whatnot that already go viral in your niche. I think the best first step is to replicate what already does well. So, if you have competitors, if you have products that already are creating videos, absolutely just recreate that, but plug your own product. And additionally, in your niche, there's going to be like lifestyle influencers or just other content going viral organically that might not even be plugging a product. Continue to replicate those things, but somehow plug your product or plug your app in that as well in a again very organic way. >> So just to give me an example like a concrete example of that, there is Jack Freaks who is I don't know if you saw you have like lovely app. How would you do for him? like how will you go on Tik Tok and find um competitor or find the kind of content to replicate? >> Yeah, I love that. Um it's super similar to Lockit. So, I think what I would first do is Locket is an app where friends, couples, whatever can take a picture um and then it shows up on that other person's screen very similar to to Jackfrick's app. Um so, I would look at the content that Lock is doing and my first step would be to replicate their most viral videos. Um, and then I think from there you have a good subset of content that you can create. From there, then you start to narrow down and and make changes based off of, okay, here is um, you know, content that did really well. How can I iterate this based off of the comments that I got on it? What are people really interested in? What types of people are really interested in this content? Um, and that helps you continue to level up and make changes to the strategy. >> Is there a structure to follow? because you you say that okay you have to find the content that work and then replicate it but is there like a structure that always work something that I should like always follow UK main content and CTA or a secret like that? Yeah, I think um it used to work really well like that, but I think as people are starting to catch on to UGC and flooding the Tik Tok algorithm with more and more of this content, formats die out really, really quickly because consumers are constantly getting smarter. So, you kind of always have to be on the next step to outsmart the consumer because you don't want them to know it's an advertisement and when they do, they just scroll past. So there used to be like okay do hook and demo do like target audience plus painoint equals solution and that used to really work but I think um so many people replicated that that it doesn't really anymore. So now you have to get really tricky and um make sure that one your product is something worth people's attention and and something people actually want to download that will help your marketing and then your marketing can do really really good storytelling. We do a lot of talking videos now. Um, a lot of like multi-part series, slideshows, things like that. And that works a lot. >> And something weird that you say but apparently works is that you should not mention the app or not mention the product. Why? >> Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes we do this. Um, it depends on the product for sure. Um, again, you want it to feel just organic and authentic and not like an advertisement. I think we now have figured out how to weave in the product name in a way that feels natural. Um, but a lot of people who aren't skilled at copywriting and organic marketing and maybe they're just getting into it tend to do it where it feels a little bit too much like an ad. So, if you're on the fence of, okay, do I have the skill set to do this or not, I would I would lean not to do it and instead really leverage the comment section, show the app in the video, um, things like that. you should be replying to every single comment. Um, we used to also like send DMs to everybody that commented being like, "Hey, thanks. I saw your like this video. By the way, I'm building this app that does XYZ." And like it is a lot of work, but it also moves mountains when it comes to getting new users because that feels like a personalized experience for them. And likely you're not just going to gain them as a new user, but then also their friends and family as well. You say that precedently that um comments are almost more important than the video. Is that true? >> Yeah. I mean, you you watch people like scroll on TikTok just like in real life and you see them obviously look at the video itself, but they're they're pulled up on the video and they're actually now scrolling through the comment sections. It kind of creates this herd mentality of they want to know, okay, what do other people think about this video? What are they saying? What are they doing with this information that we're all being presented with? The video serves as a landing page for communities to form. And if you're able to then control the comment section and control the community, you can you can mobilize all of those viewers of that video to do what you want them to do. In this case, download an app, convert to a product, become a user, whatever. Um, in how to do things like that, you're replying to everything. You are planting comments. you do um you know reply videos to top comments, things like that. So then as people are scrolling through those comment sections, they see it's all about the app. They get a lot of FOMO and they're like, "Oh, everybody is talking about this thing that I've never heard of. I might as well go check it out." Um and then it's really important for, you know, your app store screenshots and your app store screens to have words that in copy that relates to a lot of the messaging from your viral video so it feels like a very flawless experience for that user. How do you find um vocabulary to use like the words to use? I know it's like more on the first step in the like the search of the ICP and like the perfect customer, but how do you find that if I sell a product that is not at all a product I would use for example? >> Yeah. Um I think do a lot of research on Tik Tok. You know what types of content people are making? What emojis are they using? What do they say in their captions? What how do they do comments? And honestly, like take screenshots, take a ton of screenshots, put into chat GBT and ask Chat GBT to pull like what are common like sling words or phrases that this group, this community is using a lot and then utilize that in your copy as well. Same thing with like hashtags and sounds. Just try and mimic what your target audience is doing and then that's the best way that you'll be able to reach them and gain their trust. And to come back to the comments, is there a way to fake it to actually like have engagement in the comment or maybe like make a group of people who comment >> under my videos? >> At PlayTit, we have about 150 to 200 creators and whenever we have a viral video, we send all of them to go flood these comment sections with comments about the app. Um, but I I mean, you could do that a million different ways, too. Whether it's like you have some Discord group and you have all these kids replying to comments or whatever it is, as long as they have profile pictures, it that stuff can work. I would make sure you don't like abuse it cuz Tik Tok will definitely flag it. And I would only do it on videos that already have a lot of comments. Um, so it's not just like out of the ordinary, but it looks like it belongs in the algorithm. Uh, if that makes sense. >> Yeah. So, I followed all your step. I created my profile. I warm up my account. I replicate what works and I publish 30 video in 30 days and none of them goes viral. What should I do? Like if they have less than thousand views like what do I do? >> Yeah. Um keep going. It takes a while. I I mean for us we tell our clients usually in the first two weeks. So we we post 15 times a week per creator. So three times a day, five times a week. Um usually it takes the first two weeks to do a lot of testing. So from there, that's already 300 videos um of testing and understanding what what is working, what's not. The second two weeks, weeks three and four of that first month is when you really start to see virality because it just takes a long time to learn. Um you know, you put a lot of things out into the algorithm and it takes a lot of tweaking, whether it's a hook or an audio or maybe I show the product a little bit differently until something finally catches. Uh but yeah, I would I would keep going. I think 30 days is a really good amount of time to test. It depends how much you're posting. But um if nothing continues to work. I mean, sometimes it's a product issue, sometimes it's like a okay, is my strategy really correct here? But if you follow all the steps that you know I give resources on and everything, then you should be able to get something if you're really being intentional about it. But it does just take time. Is there something that you do and you replicate on all your customer and always work? Because you know people will watch with this video they just start they will probably fail for a while before getting results but for you with like all your experience you probably have a little trick that make it possible every time. What is it? >> I wish it was that easy. Um, no. I think I mean we're really selective with which clients we bring on now because we know what works on socials and we know what doesn't. Um, and we only have so much bandwidth to take on clients, you know, so we really only work with clients that were like, "Okay, this will go viral on social media." And usually that's things like apps about or products about relationships or money or, you know, how can I be better in my career or my school life, things like that. really like value ad products tend to have a really great um viral potential. So those are the people we we gravitate towards working towards and that's the type of product that I think works best for UGC. I mean I have so many like crypto people or like B2B SAS companies wanting to work with us and it's like this just isn't the channel for you when it comes to marketing. Like UGC is great but it's not for everybody. It's really best for those like utility facing consumer apps. So mainly B2C. If I have a B2B SAS for example, I should not waste my time on UGC. >> Don't waste your time. >> Do you have exception? [snorts] >> Um, no. I think I think like Tik Tok content can work for more B2B stuff. Founderled content works. You know, I'm building this brand. Here's what I'm doing. Come with me for a day in my life. Uh, kind of stuff works well. But UGC not as much. I mean, I would be really interested to see how like a similar UGC play could work um like on LinkedIn or Twitter, for example, if you can mobilize a lot of people on those platforms, but for the most part, people in their work life, like normal employees, aren't scrolling on TikTok for work, you know, they want to like have an escape and that's what they use social media for. Um, so yeah, I would I would say steer away. >> And is there a specific audience? For example, we often hear about Gen Zed works really well, but is there like it's only for Gen Zed or if I have like an app that target older people like let's say 50 years old, 55 years old, does it work as well? >> Yeah, I think whatever target audience you're trying to reach, you just want to make sure your creators represent them. Um, I think this UGC kind of craze started in the college community, college student community, because they're easy to find, they're fast, they're cheap. Um, it's very easy to work with them and they're wanting gigs, you know. Uh, so that's why it works. I think, you know, the older demos, we work with a lot of stay-at-home moms as well and and they're really great and it works really well for a lot of products reaching kind of the family niche. um much older than that or anything a little bit more like male focused. I think it's a little bit trickier and would again recommend more of like an influencer or paid ad approach just because it's so hard to find, you know, like a multiple 50-year-old men who are Tik Tok fluent and can make a ton of really great quality content. It's just more difficult to find those people. It's amazing that you share that because honestly I spend my days on X and I see a lot of people trying um content trying distribution on Tik Tok and it's important that you say what doesn't work as well because people are wasting their time on that. So I think it's uh it's nice that you share that. >> Totally. >> Um okay I followed everything. I kept going after the 30 days and now I have one video that goes I would say viral at my scale more than 100k views. How do I replicate that? >> Yay. Um, that's awesome. First, you're happy because it's uh it's hard. But yeah, I mean, the first thing when you're iterating is like don't A lot of people come to me, they're like, "Oh, I don't want to post this like I already did it." You can just post the same messaging over and over and over again until it stops working. Eventually, it will, but you'll make little tweaks here and there. If something's working, like really double down on it. whether you're just like tweaking the wording slightly or you were filming outside, now you're inside, you're showing a different part of the product. Um, so the first thing you need to do when you have a viral video is you go into the comment section, you're replying to everything, you do video replies to all the top videos, and you make those video replies really, really focused around your product. The nice thing about the Tik Tok algorithm when you do have a viral video is that when you do those comment replies, it gives a lot more views to those video replies from the same people who saw that original video. So you can do a very product focused video almost like a traditional ad. Um, but it'll get a lot of views and it'll convert really well because Tik Tok is pushing that more than it typically would. Um, so after you've done that and then after that's kind of phased out, that's when you start to iterate again and again. You'll take a lot of learnings from what people are saying in the comment sections, if they have thoughts on the product, what pain points they share, and you can kind of start to riff off of that for future messaging. >> That's interesting. So, if I have um winner, I should duplicate that at least duplicate the structure and the message and like do do the same again and again. But also um I would say bet on this one to actually take all the comment make video on the comment and see what people are talking about let's say their pinpoint or the question they have and make a new video about that. >> Yes. Yes. Exactly. Exactly. >> Interesting. A video a question I didn't ask and I didn't think about it before but how do I get download? Because on Instagram for example, you can use uh many chat and you can send people like automation in your DM. How does it work on Tik Tok to actually bring people on your app? Is it just that they see the comment, they see the name and then they go look for it or do you send them somewhere? Yeah, that's why the messaging used to be so powerful because what you basically are aiming to do is you're greeting people in their like doom scroll stuck phase and you're asking them to engage on your piece of content to look through at the comments to leave this app they're addicted to go download something go through onboarding and then ideally you know it worked really really well when after they've gone through onboarding they actually come back to that initial video and say they loved the app and they say they love the experience. experience. That's like the ideal cycle that you'll get on a really viral piece of content that converts really well. Um, and the best thing you can do is just have those like very organic facing content or sorry, organic facing comments that just are friendly suggestions because people trust word of mouth more than anything else and that's essentially what this like UGC style of marketing replicates. >> And do the same video works on Tik Tok and Instagram? >> [clears throat] >> Yeah, in or Tik Tok is much more targeted. So, you'll have a better chance at reaching your right people on Tik Tok. You'll probably get more views on Instagram, but it'll be a little bit more bloated where the conversion rate will be much lower. Um, again, it's all like dependent on the product. Sometimes Instagram is better for like more male-facing um products. I think men typically use like Instagram reels more than women. Uh, so there's like edge cases like that, but for the most part, I would say Tik Tok tends to convert better. We just crossost all the content the same. Um, and it can it can be pretty much the same. I think if you like really wanted to get into it from a brand perspective, Instagram tends to be a little bit more high quality, but I would say that's pretty top offunnel and less about, you know, driving conversion. >> Interesting. And um, should I do both at the same time? for example, use a postuler and post on both at the same time. Or should I go on Tik Tok for first and then go on Instagram? >> Yeah, I think if you use something like a postuler to just automate post to Instagram, that's like a great easy thing to do. But I would spend your like time and energy on Tik Tok because it's a really great tool for doing that research, for understanding your audience, for doing the iteration and the strategy. Um, and then Instagram can kind of just live as another like landing page for all those videos to also go. >> Interesting. And last question on this part is like what is the biggest mistake that you see found or indiaakers do with organic Tik Tok and that they should just avoid? >> Yeah, I see a lot of people come to me, they're like, "Oh, I got this video that was super viral, but I got no downloads." and then I look at the video and it's like, well, how would this have gotten any downloads? This has nothing to do with your product or your niche or anything. So, it's like, yes, you have to make content that will go viral, but it has to be around your your sorry, your product if you actually want it to make a change for you. Um, so I think that's the biggest thing. And then after that, it's just like people give up too early. Like it kind of is a long game and you kind of have to be committed to testing and making changes and iterating. It just takes time. Um, but a lot of people kind of get tired of it before it really starts to work. >> Classic. So now, okay, I figured out how to do that. I got few viral video. I get some downloads. It's working for me with my Tik Tok account, but I'm kind of tired to publish like three times a day and do that because I also have to work on my product. How do I scale or how do I delegate the content strategy? >> Yeah. So, I think the best thing to do is um obviously like hire creators, right? So, again, you want those creators to look like your target audience. Um so, go for those people. I think the best way to hire people is honestly to make a Tik Tok post about it or to do direct outreach. I do a lot of like content trying to find creators all the time. And I find that works really well because if you're specific about what the product is and exactly what you're looking for, then you'll get a great steady stream of inbound and you're able to just like pick and choose from there. Um, we also do a lot of outbound uh because we can be more selective on who exactly you work with and and that's really helpful. I think after you scale to um you know more than like three to five creators, it's really helpful to bring somebody on to your team more of like a strategist and a manager. It gets a lot to manage these creators and to review their videos and to um give them the strategy and analyze all their content. So, it's really helpful to have somebody there that can do that for you. So, first I hire creators and then when I have like more than three or five creators, I hire someone to manage them. Uh, first step, how do I know if someone is good or not? Like, how do I hire? Because I never did that. So, it's probably pretty hard to do it. How do I know? >> Yeah, I think the best thing you want people who are, you know, have gone viral before, who've made content before, um, whether it's for other apps in the tech space or not. uh maybe it's for Tik Tok shops things or even on their own account, but you want somebody who is very Tik Tok native and understands social media and is excited about your product. Um also like is responsive and can the goal is to find somebody who can, you know, iterate and and make changes to content. But most likely what will happen is you'll just hire executors who you tell them exactly what to post. You you're the one content. you're updating the strategy and they continue to just execute on what you're telling them to. And then that manager strategist person can eventually take over that role and um you know make sure the creators are posting, analyzing their videos, iterating on the strategy and and continuing to give them like updated instructions. >> So it's important that I do it myself first to learn and then to actually hire people and ask them to replicate what I did. >> Exactly. Yes. I think that's always the best way. >> And how much should I pay a creator? >> Yeah, I would say industry standard is usually around like $125 to $175 um a week for 15 posts per week. Um and then that's like flat rate plus bonuses. Typically bonuses look like $100 for 100k views, $500 for 500k views, a million dollars, sorry, $1,000 for a million plus views. Um, a million dollars would be cool, but we're not there yet. Um, yeah. So, that's typically what it looks like. I would recommend flat rate plus bonuses. And should I get my money back pretty fast, like the ROI is pretty fast, or should I think more long term with content creator? >> I would think more long term. I mean, not too long term, though. It also depends on your product, right? Uh I mean marketing is one thing and you could kill marketing, but if you have a product where your funnel to paid conversion isn't very good, then that's also an issue you want to solve. So before you scale up with creators, you want to make sure that you have a very sustainable conversion rate as well. I don't work as much on the product side, so I don't have a ton of experience on like exactly what that number should be. Um, but you want to feel comfortable going in. It's like, okay, I'm going to pay these creators this much. If we can get this many views, it'll bring in this this many dollars. Um, instead of just kind of throwing everything at the wall just to see what happens. >> That's kind of a a lot of thing to manage on top of my product. So, how do I manage that actually? How do I track if they get result or not? Uh, how do I not get lazy and like let them do their work and find out three months later that I actually lost a lot of money? How would I do that? >> Yeah, we you we actually had to build our entire software uh for this and this is what we build our agency on now. Um, it's called like ugracker.com. Tracker T R A C Kr. Um, and we have like a a little bit of a different software that's internal facing versus what we offer externally. But this is what we built to manage our creators. So you can see, okay, who posted today? We get notified if somebody misses a post. Um, it tells us exactly how much everybody needs to get paid. Uh, that's where creators upload their videos. So we can easily, you know, check approve or X deny. Here's a comments that you need to change something. Um, and creators have a portal, too. So it allows them to, you know, log in, see their tasks and everything like that. So as much as you can be automated by tech, that's really helpful. Otherwise, it's really hard to like be in Google Sheets and like have a VA count how many videos your creator did and that just gets very convoluted very quickly. Um, so yeah, honestly, obviously I would recommend Tracker because that's exactly what we use and we have like 150 creators. We post like 8,000 pieces of content um if not more every single month. Um so yeah as much as you can use tech to to leverage the management I would say. >> Can you tell me more about play kit and what you do actually with your agency? >> Yeah so we run um these large scale highvolume campaigns for consumer apps like Substack and Flow Health. Uh we clients typically get 1,200 pieces of content with us per month. 600 unique on Tik Tok 600 crossosted on Instagram. and we started about a year ago um and have really pioneered this like UGC space when it comes to the tech world. It's been really fun because we've been able to work with really cool brands and really great founders as we kind of navigate this new world of organic marketing. Um but yeah, our our goal is really to one drive downloads, but then also UGC is amazing because you're able to shape kind of how consumers talk about your product. So, as we grow and as we talk to more enterprise companies who have definitely nailed down distribution, but they're trying to shape how everyday people talk about their products and their companies, they come to us and they look to us because we're really able to integrate into the community and change the way that people think and talk about things through this organic style of content. >> Do you have any case study to share with us like some really good result that you got? >> Oh, yeah. That's a great idea. Um, can I share my screen? Is that possible? >> Yeah. >> Okay, let me pull something up. So, my favorite campaign, one of my favorite campaigns is this one called Cantina. They're an AI video generator. Um, actually Sean Parker, his company. Uh, this one was super fun. Again, like I said, you want your content to feel very, very organic. Um, so what happened was Instagram meme pages actually found this content and they reposted it on their meme pages because they thought it was, you know, memes. So this one was really fun. We posted a ton of content, brought in almost 70 million views, 30k downloads for them, um, at a really low CPM. So like record low CPM that is super rare to achieve, but I think this was a really really great example of, you know, you can make great great organic content if you build these viral loops into your products. And I think um that might be a step that a lot of these like indie hackers are missing out on now where there's so many resources now on how to do great marketing that sometimes we forget the step of but it's really helpful to have a great product feature as well that that helps um kind of leverage that marketing. So that's that's a fun one I always like to share. Um another one I like to share this is Hunch. They're a dating app. Um, also really fun. This one we never or most of the time we never really mentioned the app name in um the videos. For some of them you did like you could see here, but we really leveraged the comment sections where we were able to do so much storytelling in these videos. It's a lot of like, oh, I had this horrible experience doing this um or has anybody else experienced this? It opens up the conversation in the comment sections for other people to share their pain points, other people to share their stories and then our creators were able to go in and say, "Hey, you would never have this experience on this app or have you tried this app yet?" Um, and we found that helped conversion a lot. >> It's amazing because I mean UGC has been here for a while, but I feel like this is really a new way to do that. Like before as you say it was like ooh presentation of the product CTA and now it's really you don't talk about the product but it's almost like you talk about the painoint or it will almost be um Reddit post >> that you actually post on uh on Tik Tok and then after that you just go in the comment and people ask what's the app or something like that and it works. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. >> Really interesting. Um, if you could give one piece of advice to a funer who wants to start creator marketing today watching this video, what would it be? >> Yeah. Um, I think a lot of people look at it as like um a small test, but UGC is something that it it's different from influencer or paid ads where you can kind of just send a brief to people and, you know, get good results. It's so new. You really have to handhold your creators and handhold your team in order to get the best results. Um, so if you start your creator program or if you start creating content, it's something that you do have to invest a lot of time and energy into in order to get the best results cuz it just takes so much time to learn and analyze and make changes. So, um I think the best piece of advice is like set yourself up with that expectation. And also don't be discouraged when you post a 100 videos and only one of them gets, you know, 10K plus views. All of those failures or videos that don't go viral serve as learnings for you to get that viral video for the next time. Um it's it's just a lot of learning and I think a lot of times it can feel very discouraging when things aren't working right away. >> Amazing. Well, Julia, thank you very much for everything. I will put the link of Play Kit uh just under there in this description. And yeah, if you want to learn more, just go on their YouTube channel, Play Kit. There's a lot of content. So, thank you again and have a great day. >> Thank you. Super fun.

  Top Comments:
  1. @faizaniqbal6273 [2 likes]: Is there any way to get rid of local views if your target audience is global on tiktok?
  2. @CuriosityJuice [2 likes]: Its very interesting to ask question as in the beginning it is mentioned you do not have to run paid ads giving impression it is free but on the other hand you do have to end up hiring someone and pay them. Curious about comparative roi of paid vs ugc strategy.
  3. @romulo_gomes [1 likes]: Great episode! We just started running TikTok for our app and this episode gave me a ton of ideas already. Much appreciated
  4. @JossBinja [1 likes]: Your accent tell me you’re from France , right ?
  5. @mmagarity [1 likes]: instant subscribe
  6. @AbhishekPatel-si7uq [1 likes]: 🎉 so helpful. Getting started with my first app. Going to do this!
  7. @richardsonjean-pierre7878 [1 likes]: amazin!!! this work only BtoC ? no BtoB?
  8. @MichaelDesmond-z2t [1 likes]: Awesome
  9. @MaxBladeTv [1 likes]: Another absolute banger 😮
  10. @69detel [1 likes]: ty Flo!!
  11. @nguyenoanngocphuc1242: great content
  12. @nashocenar869: Very insightful video
  13. @bramburn: I need a personal trainer in tintok
  14. @xokarlazepeda: LOVED THIS THANK YOU!
  15. @yanickdelafoge9124: So basically marketing today is all about faking? Fake UGC, fake accounts, fake comments?   Not a single word about the ethics of it.
  16. @tawanacalamari5712: very good questions
  17. @tommy_wall: What is the estimated capital needed for starting at $10/vid to begin seeing returns?
  18. @dancrrza: Amazing content! I was having issues trying to market my app, but this really help me to understand exactly how to do it, in a very simple way
  19. @ElhassanElhamri: You have to prepare for the interview
  20. @thomasshakelton: Who makes 15 videos for 150€?

- Matt Damon's Advice for Dealing with Fame: Kind: captions Language: en so you know I met a long time ago I think in the late 90s at a photoshoot for I think premiere Magnum air magazine yeah and we went out had like this Huck Finn day there was a lake we jumped a train we built a raft we swam in a creek and we had you covered with mud at one point and hoisted in the air by a bunch of dudes playing mud football but that was my favorite because you know that was right probably within a year year and a half of Good Will Hunting and my life had just really changed and what always struck me about that was was that group of guys that you know were covered in mud like we're playing mud football and they lifted me up on their shoulders and you were taking pictures and I remember thinking it was kind of like the peak of the seriouser reality because they had to hire fake friends this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy like what is going on with my life like they've literally hired extras to play my friends and pretend to have a good time with me that's right and I just in trying to recalibrate your whole life when you become famous like that was a real moment for me because it was like you know it took it took a couple years to try to find my feet again after a good one day and I think I hid might work really saved saved me because I was able to still be an actor like movie crews don't care about you know any of the it's nonsense they just want to work and and so I got to work kind of shielded me from all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the experience of becoming famous what's the most bizarre about it is you know intellectually that the world is exactly the same as it was yesterday because it is the same things that matter you know still matter sure except your subjective reality is altered forever because everybody treats you differently so the world you know the world is the same but your world is absolutely different and never will be the same again and I'd always heard people say well you can't prepare for it you can't it's just is something that you just have to kind of deal with and everybody just deals with it with whatever tools they have whatever their foundation is and you know I was very lucky to have the family that I had and the the the people around me that I had who were who just never drank the kool-aid and and because you have to be a little more vigilant about keeping the the dynamic the kind of the power balance in all of your primary relationships exactly the same because the world is trying to tell you that you should have more power and you know even in those primary relationships and of course you can't or else you destroy those relationships they have to remain the same [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @maxincountrywerks [4 likes]: I hate meeting famous people. There’s too much of an imbalance. I’m supposed to remember it for the rest of my life whereas they’ve forgotten me literally the second I walk away.
  2. @jdeamaral [4 likes]: Most of us will NEVER meet Matt Damon. He is a fantastic actor and I am a fan. He knows us in a general sense, and I hope he truly is as grounded as he seems.
  3. @callmeshape [2 likes]: I’m new to fame, but I won’t lie he’s right. People change. It’s so hard to read ppl nowadays.
  4. @777TRUTHSPOKEN: 2 thessalonians 1:6 kjv
  5. @777TRUTHSPOKEN: matthew 15;11 kjv that which cometh out of the mouth defileht a man kjv those whos names were not written in the lambs >book of life wer ethrown intot he lake of fire ffoever kjv
  6. @777TRUTHSPOKEN: matthew 15;11 kjv that which cometh out of the mouth defileht a man kjv those whos names were not written in the lambs >book of life wer ethrown intot he lake of fire ffoever kjv
  7. @777TRUTHSPOKEN: matthew 15;11 kjv that which cometh out of the mouth defileht a man kjv those whos names were not written in the lambs >book of life wer ethrown intot he lake of fire ffoever kjv
  8. @Piper-v3e: See ya on the flip side
  9. @Piper-v3e: Your all in it. Says everything
  10. @Atilla-m9i: Great clip and advice.
  11. @isabella6105: Watching this just in case I accidentally get famous
  12. @piotrkosztirko: Holy f*ing sh1t, he's grounded 😯🙏🙌
  13. @KetumileMahule: Thank you.
  14. @AishawithanEye: That explains why Matt Damon is so boring. Instead of learning to wield his power, and break free from the bonds, he's chosen to "stay the same."
  15. @charliefordfrancis: Matt Damon is incredibly likeable.
  16. @CamronWilliams-ii4tl: Amazing Actor and I really hope he understands that
  17. @decencywarrior9598: well put .
  18. @RY-fe3rt: Well said! Fame is definitely not for everyone. It takes a certain personality type to remain well-adjusted in spite of it. Most writers, who are generally introverts, would be horrified by the prospect of being thrust into the public eye and living under a microscope for the rest of their lives, even if people around them imagined this to be some kind of gift. Any producer worth their salt will tell you this. 🙄 #2341
  19. @jc4evur661: When you're famous, after your career is over, you're still famous.
  20. @sulleneldritch7680: I would deal with Matt Damon's fame by sending him to Mars for real, without a script and no option to return, just to see what would actually happen. That would finally give him a reason to be famous. I'd also like to send Tom Hanks on a one-way trip to a deserted island with a volleyball and nothing else, just to see what would really happen. Would he survive for four years? No. Probably not even four minutes. But it would be worth watching, finally.

- Matthew McConaughey on Dealing With Fame: Kind: captions Language: en thinking back to what was the the the big moment where you felt like you had become a super a global Superstar was it the movie of Sandra Bullock A Time to Kill time to kill right I mean that was the the pivotal point that was the that was the weekend yeah when everything Chang when things changed and the world became a mirror yeah what does that mean though when the world becomes a mirror well I mean for instance I'm walking down Third Street prominade the Friday before time to kill open there's 400 people 396 are not looking at four of them may be looking at me and saying hey I like what that guy's wearing Monday after that film opened it completely inverted 396 out of those 400 were looking at me and four weren't and first thing you do is you start going check your flly yeah yeah yeah so that's what I mean the world becomes a mirror um you don't meet many strangers anymore because now people you know they they knew me or knew of me and uh um yeah things changed I remember the first time going through the I was getting my grocer and uh the supermarket I looked over there and I was on the two magazine covers and I remember going having a little reaction and then I said I think I'll buy three of each was it was it hard to stay grounded and remain true to yourself sure I mean it was a little unbalancing and and and I wrote it and and enjoyed it but I did need to go get away to go hear my own self think where can you go well there's not many places to go so I found I I went chasing down my favorite musician Ali fatur who was uh lives in a little town called Nea fun in the country of Mali Africa and so I just took a one-way ticket there hitchhike down and went on this trip to go find this guy and ended up being a 21-day backpacking trip with myself and you know it's uh I needed that it was time I need to wanted to check in with me you know since I'm stuck with myself did anybody ask what you wearing or did you completely escaped no I went under I was under a different name and I said I was a writer and a boxer and they didn't give a damn about the writing part but they were very interested in the boxing box oh interesting

- Viral Success Has a Dark Side (And Here's Why): Kind: captions Language: en Every YouTube creator wants a viral video. More views, more subscribers, and more momentum. But, what if I were to tell you a viral video can actually hurt your channel and certainly mess with your mind? It certainly did mine. My fourth video was a viral video. That's right, the fourth video on my channel was a viral video. It has over 450,000 views, and that video almost derailed my channel. In this video, I'm going to share with you three hidden problems with viral videos and what I did to overcome them. This is Old Mike, Old me living better. You know my motto, if you ain't dead, man, you ain't done. A viral video is like winning the lottery. Man, it can be life-changing life-changing, but not always in the best way. But, here's what no one tells you. A viral video doesn't just give you views. Are you ready for this? It creates pressure, expectations, a whole load of things, and it can quietly start pulling you away from your mission and away from your channel and its primary direction. So, here's the first hidden problem, false authority. Because a video takes off, people assume, "Hey man, this guy knows what he's talking about. This guy cracked the code in whatever the topic of the video was. This guy really is This is a YouTube authority." My viral video had over 5,000 comments in it, and many of them were telling me how great I am. >> [laughter] >> Here's a quote by John Wooden that I really love, famous basketball coach out here in Southern California. Talent is God-given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful. Oh, I love that quote. Here's the danger. >> [clears throat] >> You get all these comments telling you telling you how wonderful and how fantastic you are. You start [laughter] You start believing it about yourself. But, here's the truth. My fourth video, which is a viral video, it was about how to start a YouTube channel. When that thing went viral, I'd only been on YouTube for a month. I didn't have a clue about what the long-term challenge of running a YouTube channel. Yeah, I I had some experience in launching a channel, but I didn't know a thing about get running in the long-term a YouTube channel. All that experience has come over the last couple of years since I've been there. And here's the reality. Some great videos never go viral. And some average, and I'll say >> sometimes terrible videos do go viral. So, my viral video didn't affect just the people that saw me. It also affected who was following me. And this is the second hidden problem, wrong subscribers. I got nearly 15,000 subscribers in the first two weeks that that video went viral. I actually got monetized in 9 weeks. I've even got a video about how I got monetized in 9 weeks. Uh Man, it was a huge dopamine hit. Man, I thought I was in YouTube heaven. I really thought I knew what I was talking about. The problem is a viral video may bring in people who's initially have subscribed because the video went viral for whatever reason, but they may not care about your overall message, and they may never come back. You hear my hear almost all the gurus say that now in in 2026, that subscriber counts don't really matter. Well, that's partially true, but it's not the whole story. If subscribers don't matter, why does YouTube set a 1,000 subscriber benchmark to get monetized and 4,000 watch hours? I think YouTube arbitrarily or on purpose set that benchmark, and I think every brand new YouTuber that gets on YouTube, man, we're all shooting for those first thousand subscribers. So, it's sort of built into us to to hunt for that. And the best way to do it is get a video that goes viral and and and takes off. You'll get monetized right away. However, what you really want are loyal followers. Based on my analytics, of the 43,000 subscribers, only about five or six thousand of them are loyal followers. Think about that. I have 43,000 subscribers, and maybe three, four, five thousand of them out of that whole amount are loyal followers. In my opinion, viral videos often attract a lot of subscribers who will never come back. And this leads to the third problem, [laughter] because once your numbers spike, your expectations do. And here's the real trap, and it's illustrated by John who has sent me this message on my last video that I did. He says, "Poor me, about a month and a half ago, I did a video that has gotten me over 5,000 views. Then a video that got me 4,000, another got me 3,000. Now they're down to under 100 views, and I think my channel is failing. What's wrong with me? 576 subs, 3,700 watch time, all pretty much within the last 2 months. I know it's stupid to think my channel is failing, but the extreme drop makes a person think so. There's nothing wrong with me, just feeling sorry for myself, but your video gave me encouragement, Mike." So, first of all, my second viral video, semi-viral video, it's got 175,000 views. That second video didn't come until 14 months after my first viral video. So, John, I hope you're listening to this video. If you are, just make a subtle shift in your thinking. You didn't have a drop, you had a spike. That's right. You didn't have a drop, you had a spike. And it's pretty normal that if you have a viral video, that the next few videos are not going to be viral videos. They may not even perform as well. The five videos after my viral videos all underperformed. I couldn't believe it. So, here's what I did. I went into the analytics on my channel. You can do this, too. And click on the little star button. It's the Gemini button. Uh my channel is 18 months old, and I asked Gemini what my average views per video have been for the life of my Guess what? I have 179 videos. Now, this includes shorts, also. And the average number of views per video is about 6,000 views. Now, that's pretty good. You need to do that. Everybody needs to do that's watching the video. You can do that, and you can get a benchmark that way for what your target expectation is. So, based on this, my target expect expectation now is when I produce a video, I want to see between 2 and 4,000 views in that video over the first month. I feel pretty good if that happens. I've got videos on my channel that are under 1,000 views. I've got a few that are over 50,000 views. But, if you average them all together, it averages about 6,000 on average. But, in reality, two to three, 4,000 views on a video is sustainable for me, for my economic needs, for my creation needs. That's my benchmark. That's my baseline. I'm not looking for a viral spike every time I create a YouTube video. But, like John, in the beginning, when I had my viral video, I kept look I mean, for next couple of months, I kept looking for one of the next videos to go viral, but it never did for over a year. >> [snorts] >> So, what have I learned? My friend Bill from the channel Pops Wisdom Talk, Wisdom Talk. He He He was a farmer. And he recently told me this. He said, "Mike, YouTube is like farming." I love this. You prepare the field, you plant the seed, you water it, and maybe in a year, you'll have a crop. A lot of other factors that come into it. Here's what meant. A viral video is not farming. I mean, it's like a like a rainstorm or a thunderstorm. It comes fast. It makes a big splash, but it but it doesn't build a harvest. What builds a harvest? Is showing up, planting, watering over and over again. That's sustainable. That's the point. So, is a viral video a blessing or a curse? Well, it can be a blessing if you understand it. It can also be a curse if you chase it. Like going to the store to get the week's lottery ticket. If you're doing all of your videos with that kind of expectation, I'm I'm I'm playing the YouTube video lottery. That mindset will really mess with your brain. Because you what you don't want a spike. Yeah, they're nice when they come, but that's not what you want. You want to build a foundation. You want to build a YouTube channel that is sustainable. You don't just want subscribers and and viewers. You want loyal people, loyal followers, loyal viewers who will come back over and over again. So, if you've not had a viral video, don't sweat it. Keep sowing, keep growing, and keep showing up. That's the answer. Don't treat each video like buying a lottery ticket. Treat it like you're a farmer and you're growing a crop. So, I'm going to link a video in the description. I'll put it at the end of this video. It's a video I did on how to make a viral video. It just sounds stupid with this. How to make a viral video. But, the theme of that is real simple. You can't make a video go viral, but you can make a viral video. That's the difference. I hope you see that. You can't make a video go viral, but if you set it up right, if you do it correctly, every video that you create has a potential to be a viral video then. This is Old Mike. Old Man Living Better. Hope you enjoyed this. Now, do you think this this video's going to go viral? Oh my word, wouldn't that be exciting? I'm not looking for that to happen though. If it does, yeah, so what? I hope your next video goes viral. But, if it doesn't, you're growing, you're sowing, and you're showing up. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PopsWisdomTalk [8 likes]: Mike. Thanks for having me be part of this one buddy. 
This is a great message people need to hear. 
I’ll be reading the comments and replying as well. 
“Pop” here. 😉🙏
  2. @silviaonroute66plus [1 likes]: I had a viral video last week and I am so glad, that I saw this video now, because I had wrong expectations in my head. Thank you Mike and greeting from Switzerland.
  3. @RonsPacificRim: Another good video, Aloha nui loa, Ron
  4. @TheFreedomHabit: I can relate to John Ralbrecht's comment about his channel. My wife and I have had similar outcomes so far. Also, I think because there are 2 of us doing videos separately and sometimes together the algorithm doesn't know what to do with us. And thanks Mike, for another helpful video.
  5. @AngelaUnfadingBeauty: Talk about engagement Mike ... you've got that blessing.  Since pivoting my engagement is in the toilet.  I trust it will come back.  gpt advised NOT to create a totally new channel for my pivot.  I think you said not to pivot also.  If I could talk to all of your subscribers (and non subscribers) I'd say to NEVER pay for a "program" on how to start YouTube.  I did with a very popular guru and NEVER even had a direct email from them.  People who are here to learn most likely have no idea of the blessing they are about to get.  Your advice is GOLD.  My advice, which no one asked for is for people to LISTEN TO OLD MIKE LIVING BETTER !!
  6. @AngelaUnfadingBeauty: Hi Mike:  Just joined your Skool.  I have NEVER had a viral video.  I knew from the start that a VV (Viral Video) was a trap.  Kind of like getting a hole in one very early in your golf career.  Having said that I wouldn't mind if it happened.  :-)     I've been on YTube many years.  Started as a Wig Review Channel ... many of those vids got lots of view ...but it kind of soul sucking because I felt it wasn't my passion.  3 years of ill health took me away from production and I did the minimum so I could keep my monetization.  Now I've pivoted (as you know to what is my passion) and I'm just showing up again.  This is "older angela old me living for the glory of God.  God bless you Old Mike!
  7. @RudiStrahlLive: Hi Old Mike! Great storytelling, as always. The important thing is the visitors — they keep coming back to your channel regularly!
  8. @VickyRetroQueenBeeArt: Love this train of thought❤
  9. @DavidtheGamer2025: I am in same boat.  My very first video on my channel.  380k views.  Trying to outperform that video is a very frustrating journey.   I compare to an artist getting a best selling album or novel their first release.  I have since given myself grace and celebrate that I accomplished something only a few content creators have achieved.
  10. @PreciousPlushies: I don't want a viral video, I just wish I could get more subscribers, comments on what they would like to see, but I feel stuck, no matter what, yet others in my niche are just growing and growing and I wish I knew why. Don't want to just quit but seriously considering it
  11. @douglasg9933: Will also watch you my friend.
  12. @lightofgodindarkness: Thanks alot mike for sharing, New friend here stay connected God bless you
  13. @TheAlanFrequency: I don't think I'd like to go viral. I wouldn't want the attention. I'm cool with the couple hundred views I get on my shorts. I would like to do long form again but I'm lucky if I break 10 views it's like not worth it.
  14. @mikewinterspowerlife: Good to see you again. No much fear of me going viral. But we keep trying.
  15. @SouthJerseyGeneral: Hi Mike
  16. @purple_g32: as a small creators, this is gold! thank you sir!
  17. @ThePynnFoolLife: ❤❤❤
  18. @ReinventWithLorna: Thanks so much Mike for sharing truth! 💥 Viral videos can set up false expectations for sure. I relate to your story. I had my third video go somewhat "viral" and I thought I had made it. 😅  

It had me chasing my tail for months trying to match the viral video. I was so discouraged that I almost gave up. Youtube has humbled me for sure. I haven’t had another like that since. I agree with you. It’s not just about getting subscribers.  (I gained some from the viral video). What we need are loyal subscribers. 

I agree with Pops and relate to the farmer analogy! I'm the granchild of farmers. I have changed my mindset to that of a farmer planting seeds. Thanks again Mike & keep up the great work 👏
  19. @VickisRetirementJourney: Great video Mike. I had a viral soon after starting in August 2025 as well, and 10.5 weeks was monetized. Then, what I call "mini virals", but it's been slow and I mean slow and steady since. I think the frustration for me lies with the gaining subs and losing subs constantly, where you can't seem to gain any ground. Because I gets the views and comments for sure.
  20. @Heath_EastTexasDuctTape: Solid video my friend! I have missed a few because you know how youtube is with recommending videos lol. Thank you for sharing the truth. I am slowly building my channel and I have had a few "viral for me" videos and can relate to what you are sharing on a smaller scale. I made a choice a few months back. I decided to stop chasing views and start building a tribe. I have learned that in my space of cast iron education it is not all about being a "one hit wonder". It is about a slow and steady pace that people can relate to. I am SLOWLY earning the respect of viewers and that means some videos might get lower views. However, when they stop by and comment it keeps the fire burining. Like you said, a viral video can tempt you to get off course . I cannot allow that and I appreciate you and I needed to hear it. Thank you :)

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- The Life of an Entrepreneur in 90 Seconds- Best Motivational Video for Entrepreneurs: Kind: captions Language: en Most people only pay attention to the final product of a successful entrepreneur. They say things like, "I can never be like them.” or "They got lucky". What most don’t see, is what they’ve overcome. All the struggles, the daily rejections, the heartaches, the betrayals, the rumors, the criticism, the empty bank account and all those lonely nights while trying to make their vision a reality. You see, the only difference between the one who quits and the one who doesn’t, is that they showed up every day, they worked hard every day, they hustled every day, they learned from a proven mentor every day, they improved every day. They did all this even though they felt like quitting every day. and eventually they became who they are today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VALUETAINMENT [61 likes]: Check out Official Valuetainment Merch here: https://vtmerch.com/
  2. @VictorGyokeres4real [3 likes]: Cringe
  3. @Haidar536 [1 likes]: 2017 memories ❤❤
  4. @ddvgamesandvlogs223 [1 likes]: ❤
  5. @ThomasBotea [1 likes]: To whoever is reading this, you are special. Don't stop yourself from greatness
  6. @sbf-gf1ky: This video is a great reminder that success is built on consistency and persistence. Truly inspiring for any entrepreneur!
  7. @DisciplinePelajar: Red Ferrari 458 ❤😎
  8. @BrettLGussoff: I just made my first million dollar sale. And I'm so proud of me. But I couldn't have done it without my mentor and friend Jason Cox
  9. @cougar66: 💚
  10. @ddoublejentertainment6415: Nothing is given everything is earned
  11. @Inspiration2Soar: Discipline.   move when you don't feel like.    Stay guided by values and not emotion!
  12. @I_am_उत्कर्ष: NOT every entrepreneur:-
  13. @badrikyt911: Thoughtfulness of this video is just amazing
  14. @JoseMelendez-px8xx: American dream? 

Lol, such an inspiration, isn't?

This is funny
  15. @elnewbie2611: I wouldn't be driving a Ferrari if I was an entrepreneur, i would be driving a Honda or Toyota, this is why i don't take any of these videos serious bc y'all don't show the reality of a real entrepreneur.
  16. @SuyashG-lm3wj: Bro in 2025 watching this feels really depress8ng due to camera quality
  17. @KerrMoore-i2d: Very neat and well explained.
  18. @RideVibe21: What a🔥🔥🔥 video
  19. @MichaelDewitt-t6u: 👍
  20. @PovPub: Successful? 
I see he have roff over he's head 
I see him driving car 
I see him wearing clothes 
I see him wearing watch 
I am not Successful, but i have all of that

- Why Creators REGRET Going Viral 😳 (Hard Truths You Never Hear) | Just Send It Ep. 4: Kind: captions Language: en Then the next morning I woke up with 300,000 followers. And before a lot of times people will become almost like a one hit wonder. Yes. Like Haley Wel Haley Welch. Hua. Welsh or Welsh. I think Welsh Welsh. I don't. [Music] So we're in a new location. Tada. In Barcelona at our Many Chat office. Yes. Um and we're back with Mel. Hi guys. My favorite guest of them all. a recurring guest, you could say. And welcome to Just Send It, Mel. Thank you. I'm happy to be back. Me, too. And today we are going to talk a little bit about the negative side of going viral. Um because both of us have uh Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube. Yeah. All that. Yeah. If you're new here, which hopefully you're not, but if you are, welcome. Um we are both content creators. So, we do socials at ManyHop, but also are influencers, content creators IRL. So, we both have a lot of experience with going viral and the good and dark things that come from that. Exactly. Because I think that like so many creators, that's what all they want, right? Like you just think like, oh, if if only I go viral, then suddenly I'm going to get this. If only I go viral in that, how come I'm not going viral? But there are downsides to it. And I think it's just as important to know about the downsides for sure as it is to strive for that. You know, honestly, there have been points in my career that I have dreaded going viral. I'm like I see the numbers start like ticking up and I'm like the anxiety of because I know what it's what's going to happen. I know what's going to come from that and like yes it's great because it means more eyes on your content and it's you know it's a good thing for for content creators like we want to have consistent views and we want to have the ability to be seen and and found by new people but there are times where I'm like please please stop. Yeah. Yeah. So, I want to talk about some of those times because like I have the exact same thing, right? Like I'll give you an I guess an example of mine. Yeah. Um I always talk about this, but since I was a ballet dancer, a lot of my previous content was that and one of my my most viral video has 8 million views on YouTube shorts and Yeah. Wait, I feel like, oh, sorry, not to interrupt, but I feel like it really also depends on the platform because like the types of comments and like how things are going to be received on YouTube are so different than like Tik Tok or Instagram. So, it's it's funny that you mentioned it was YouTube shorts. Okay, sorry. Continue. No, no, you're good. Yeah, it was YouTube shorts, but I mean the same video did well on the other platforms, too. But that that is my most 8 million and like that was so cool, right? That was that started a really cool foundation for my subscriber count, all of that. But eventually, as you know, I left ballet and so it's it was a weird transition where you know I went so viral for this thing, gained a whole bunch of subscribers for this one thing and then I felt really really stuck in that thing and I feel like you maybe you can relate to that. Yeah, absolutely. Did you feel like you had to like continue posting ballet? Like like you may have wanted to post other things but then you're like I have to keep posting this because it's the one thing that I know is going to get views. Yes. So that that's exactly what it was. It was like that one video got so many views again on all the platforms. Yeah. And then I was like, "Okay, well now I have all these people who are interested in this thing." So I continued to continued continued to post it. But it was fine at the time because it was such a big part of my life, right? And eventually it's like it gets to this point where I noticed myself continuously repeating the same content format. Like it was a challenge that like went viral. It was like a um like a dance challenge. So I kept doing it over and over again and it would it'll go viral every time and I was like okay. But eventually it gets old and I feel like there's part of that that kind of gets you stuck in a box and known for one thing and that while that can be great, it's also kind of hard. Yeah. So I had a very similar situation where it really is kind of what launched my like career on socials um was at the time on TikTok. I started posting in 2020 I think like everybody else did during the pandemic. And at the time my dog this is going to get really sad but my dog was diagnosed with cancer um with terminal cancer. He was f he was almost five and I my husband and I both had lost our jobs. And so we were like, "Okay, we have all this free time. It's co what can we do?" So we started a little bucket list for him of like going to the beach and like taking him to do all of these things that we've always wanted to do, but we didn't have the time to or like and now it was so pressing and I started documenting it. At the time I had like like a small following on Instagram. I like had nothing on TikTok. So I was like, you know, now is the time. And I started documenting it and it went mega viral. Um, and I think I had all of his videos combined like over 20 20 million views. 20 25 million views. And I literally one day I woke up I had maybe you know 5,000 followers and the next morning I woke up with 300,000 followers and people were obsessed with him. Like it was insane. And so I had this like huge influx of people who were following me like trying to keep up with his story. And I'm like this is terminal cancer dude. like I what am I going to do with 300,000 people when he's no longer around? And it was honestly very immediate like the second he was no longer with us. People were like it was either comments of like where is he? What happened? Like over and over and over again or people who were like, "Well, I just don't care about your content anymore because we were following you for him." And I'm like, "Well, I'm like I do and post about so many other things." And so it was definitely like at this point now I have 650,000 but I would say at least half of those are duds or dead like ghost followers because they no longer care about my content because they were following me for like one very specific thing. Oh my gosh. First of all, I'm so sorry. It's okay. So sad. It's okay. But like that's that's a crazy situation and I know like we've talked about this a lot and actually I made a whole video on this topic. So, I'll for everyone watching, I'll link it in the description. Link in the um about like niche and about getting us stuck in and that's really hard. Like another example that I thought about when we were talking about this too was like my wedding, right? So, like I went pretty viral. I think the video got like 5 million views or 6 million views on um about remaking my mom's wedding dress um into my own uh turned out so good. Thank you. into my own uh dress for my wedding rehearsal. And um I love the video. It was great. I really wasn't expecting anything from it to be honest except for my mom smiling at it. Um, but it went super viral and then eventually my wedding passed and it's over and people followed me for the wedding content and then eventually the wedding ends. So, it's like especially if it's something like that where you know that like you can't be doing this forever long term like it's hard to grow an audience that like you know like that's hard. Yeah, absolutely. It's so enticing when you start seeing the views come in and like everything rack up, but lot what a lot of people don't talk about are like the the negative side of of your video being shown to people that maybe don't agree with whatever you're posting about or who maybe don't like the content that you're posting. And the internet really gives people a place to be able to say and do whatever they want um for better or worse. And there is like the negativity that comes from it too. Like I don't know if you got any negative comments about like your wedding dress or anything. Oh, 100%. A ton. Actually, there was tons of people saying, "You're ruining this dress." And I was like, "You don't understand. This dress has been sitting in a basement. My parents are divorced. She does not even want it. I swear she doesn't want it." I was like, "She doesn't want it. She just send it to me." Like to literally do this. But people love to comment and they're so mean. So mean. And like there are points where truly, at least for me, I don't know about you, it's it's easy to say like just don't let it get to you. Like it's part of the job. But there are definitely times where like it gets to you. it like it and it starts affecting your mental health. For me, another like situation or like little niche when I went viral was when we moved abroad with our dogs. So, we like moved to Europe for a year um brought our dogs with us and like I have a great day and and like I had a senior golden retriever at the time and so that whole process was not easy. And so, what we did is we ended up um splitting basically what is a private plane but with like a bunch of people who were also moving abroad with their dogs. So, it wasn't like a I'm flying on a private plane because I'm bougie. It was like, I'm flying cuz this is the safest and easiest way for me to get my dogs abroad. And like it cost a lot of money, but we sold all of our belongings. We saved for like 3 years to be able to do this. But then, of course, the one video that I that I share that goes viral is just the act of being on a private plane. And the amount of people who like attacked me on all sorts like on all levels, called me names like environment ruer, which like trust me, I get it. like private jets are an issue, but I was like people were like, "It must be nice having daddy's money and like all of these different things." And I was like, "Guys, if only like you went to my page and saw everything else that I did leading up to this to be able to afford this to do it because I want to give my dogs like best way to to move. Um, but people just see the one video and then they feel the need to comment on it." It got to a point with like that specific I think the videos were probably getting like f between five to three million views every time I posted about it and every time without fail it would be like most of the comments that I would see come in and obviously it wasn't all of them but like what I was seeing was all of the negativity. So, I literally had to tell my husband, I gave him the login and I was like, "Anytime you see these, like I need you to just get rid of them because like it is starting to affect me and I am like dreading opening up." And of course, it's addicting. It like truly it's addicting to like go in and read all the comments and see what people are doing because you're like, "Okay, 5 million people just saw me do this." And so, like I would find myself scrolling and scrolling and I have to be like, "Please get rid of them. Like, I can't look at this anymore. Like, I I hate it here." Yeah. No, that's really hard and that's really common. And I think you brought up a really good point with like they often times just see the one video, especially especially on Tik Tok. I don't know if that was Tik Tok, but like especially Tik Tok, they often like don't go to your profile at all or look at anything else. So like if that's the only video they see of you and for some reason they just want to attack you, they will. Yeah. And it's it's funny because people see the one video and they feel the need without ever knowing anything else about you to attack you and to come after you. And you never know what video is going to go viral. So it could literally be a video of you doing something stupid that you're just like this is funny. Or it could be a video that like is important to you, but like people don't agree with. And there like you never know what what is going to h what's going to happen from it and how people are going to perceive it. And it can be really really taxing emotionally, mentally to land on the wrong side of Tik Tok and then have to be like, "Y'all, if you just went to my page and saw everything else that I do, we wouldn't be sitting here, but now you're attacking me because you didn't agree with the one thing that you saw." Yeah. I think it's it's easy to do that on the internet. You just judge someone based on the single video that you see of them. I mean, I probably do it, too. I do it all the time, I'm sure. subconsciously, like probably all of the time, but it's it's one of those where you have to really sit and think of like, okay, I might not agree with this take. I might not agree with what what they're doing, but I literally know nothing about them outside of this 30-se secondond video that I You don't need to leave a comment. No, if you can just say nothing. It truly comes back to like the simplest rule of the game is if you have nothing nice to say, maybe don't say it. We learned that in kindergarten, literally. And we've forgotten it. We've we as a society have forgotten. the internet does that. I think a under I guess I don't want to say underrated but like not thought about problem with going viral is that a lot of times people will become almost like a one hit wonder. Yes. You know and they'll have this one viral video that gets them all this fame. Like the person that I think of is like Haley Wel Haley Welch Welsh or Welsh Welsh I don't that's her. Um she got really really viral viral very famous had this huge controversy I would which I could only assume I don't know is from someone guiding her in the wrong direction I have to assume that the whole crypto thing or whatever happened I don't even know what happened had to have been something that like someone guided her in that direction and it was not good. Yeah. Um, I think that's so scary because yes, the one hit wonder thing is is one thing, right? Yeah. That's also not great, but then also like when you do get so viral and so famous so quickly, I think there's a lot of mistakes that can be made because you don't know, you know? Absolutely. and not just like not knowing what what's going to like making making the mistakes, but also I think it's very rare for somebody who went mega mega viral to like know how to change it and like position it into okay now I can do this and turn it into a career. There's very few instances where I think of like people who have gone mega viral who have then been able to continue like keep on the momentum. Like Alex is the perfect example for this where she went mega viral for like one get ready with me video and then she like continued to do it. But what we I mean we've talked about this so many times but she had been posting content for like years and all it took was the one video and she's like okay now is the time for me to have this momentum so I'm going to continue doing it. And I feel like she did kind of get stuck in a niche for a little bit with the get ready with me videos cuz that's what she was known for. But she continued to do it and she was able to like be consistent with it and now it's turned into like I mean she's probably one of the most successful creators in the space currently. But there are so many people who have the one viral video who don't know how to keep that momentum going who maybe make a mistake and decide to go into crypto or who just like are like okay I had the one viral video but I don't know how to transition th that audience into my regular content and so then they just kind of fade out which is a very common thing. Yeah. You know who I think of with this topic is Britney Broski because she went viral for the kombucha meme. It was it was everywhere. I'm pretty sure that's how she got her like it has to be how she got her start. Yeah. Um but now her content, she has a podcast, she does all these different things and I think it's like really hard to do that. Like it's hard to make that transition from like a viral moment into okay now I'm going to create like lifestyle content. kind of on the topic of niche too, like it's hard to get out of that like when they know you for the get ready with me, but now Alex does so many other things or like you know I think like I think we've talked about like Anna Satar, right? The coffee the Starbucks and now she's known for like so many I don't even think she posts Starbucks at all ever. No, I think too one of the trends that I'm seeing or like one of the commonalities is when you go viral for something, it's either you're going viral for something somebody else wants to do or you're going viral because it's funny and just entertaining or you're going viral because of your personality. And the people who are able to continue changing with that momentum are the people whose personality is what what's drawing people in. Anna Satar, Alex Earl, like all of these different people who are like, "Okay, they're going viral for very niche things, but people are following them because they're relatable, because they're funny, because they like just enjoy hearing them talk." Um, and then they can transition into more of that lifestyle content. Whereas like if you're if you're not im you're going viral because of a trend or you're going viral because of um I don't know, some funny video, then people maybe followed you because they realized like, "Oh, this is funny." like, haha, maybe you'll get more of this content, but then you're completely switching up and posting something else that isn't relevant to that original video. Yeah. I think what also happens with that is that it's kind of frustrating in that sense to go viral because a lot of times you'll either get people who do follow who don't then engage afterwards so that they become like the ghost followers or you just don't get any subscribers. Like I've seen people who have, you know, they have a video get 10 million views and they still have like 2,000 followers and they're like, "Okay, well clearly like nobody followed them from this." Exactly. Exactly. And going like I think what we talked about is like going viral does not mean you're immediately going to be able to have a career in social media. And if you're going viral consistently, there are people who still have a couple thousand followers and but go viral generally and it's you're just not drawing in people to the point where they want to follow you because maybe your content is entertain entertaining but like what are they going to get out of following you, right? Also, that's kind of another like catch 22 here is that if you're posting something just to go viral and it's like something that is not your usual content, then that becomes an issue because then it's like again people don't sub don't follow or if they do follow then they don't like your other content maybe they unfollow and that can become a really big problem. Yes. I feel like that's also a problem for me with um especially on Instagram my I don't have a niche. I'm just like general lifestyle, but I'll have like specific videos go viral. Like I'll have videos of like I do like uh one day travels or like I travel in the same day to a different place and then fly back. And so the people who follow me for that then when I post a video of traveling with my dogs, they're like, "Well, this isn't the same thing. It's not relevant to me. It's not relevant to me." Exactly. And so that's why like especially on Instagram, I try to be like very intentional about how I engage with my followers and like how I talk about things because I want people to know, okay, you're coming here. I'm not always posting travel videos. I'm not always posting dog videos. Like this is like a a culmination of my life, right? And so people are following me knowing that's what they're going to get out of it, right? Have you ever felt like that I guess like pressure almost to stick to posting? Okay, now I need to keep posting my dog or I need to keep posting the travel because this is all that performs well and there's nothing else that's doing well. So many times I feel like now I am in a good at least mental space because a lot of it is like me you get addicted to it and so you're like okay I have to keep posting this like I have to do something like this because I know it's going to go viral and like it's like the high of going viral. Now I feel like I'm in a good mental space where I don't I'm not constantly seeking out going viral. I'm constantly seeking out growing my community and having like good engagement and having people that like want to be here and want to be in my space. But there was a brief period of time where I was posting about like dog friendly travel content and like that was all I was posting about. And I would go like mega viral specifically on Tik Tok and I'd be like, "Okay, well I don't I don't have any travels coming up." So I will like start doing like green screen content about traveling with dogs because I was like it's the only thing that my people are liking. Why do I care post? Like you shouldn't care, right? It it should not be about going viral. And I think those are the people that really eventually end up like facing out of content are the ones who are just constantly seeking that validation of I need to go viral. I need to get the views because you're not in it because you want to be. You're not in it because you're enjoying it or you're like really passionate about what you're talking about. You're only in it for the high of going viral and then eventually that's so taxing. It just wears off. That is a really really good point. Like I I guess I never really I never really put that into words, but that's a really good point. No, cuz it's it's serious. Like it's true. Like I feel like we get so caught up in the numbers and I think you look at the numbers a lot and a lot of times when a video doesn't do well, you're like upset cuz you maybe you spent an hour editing it or whatever. Um and that sucks. But like when you do create simply just to go viral, like you're not creating a long-term plan. No. Like you're striving for the numbers and then when you don't get it, which happens all the time, it's like disappointing. You're going to burn out. That's like the easiest way for you to burn out versus like trying to build a sustainable community. Like that's that's what being a creator is about. Exactly. It should not be about like how many million views am I getting? How many thousand 100,000 followers I have. It should be does your community want to be there? Is your community engaging? And are you enjoying building that community and posting about whatever content you're posting about, right? And is your community excited to see you? Ultimately, I always think that like it's you that differentiates you from anyone else. Again, it goes back to the personality. Yeah. And even if you're not like a lifestyle creator, like we're we're talking lifestyle a lot, but like even if you do have a specific niche, like think I don't know, education or whatever it is, like you you teach something, you have a a business, I don't know, having a personality to it, I feel like just draws people in more and I think that always helps and that besides going viral, whatever, like just to build the community who keep coming back, you know, and it the personality to it doesn't have to necessarily be you and like you and the way that you are like as a And it can be in the way that you're creating content, in the way you're formatting your videos or your carousels or whatever, and the way that you're like writing your captions, communicating, editing, that is in and of itself a part of your personality. So if you if you feel like you're not even I'm like, I don't want to be comfort. I'm not comfortable on camera. Like I don't know if I want to like show myself. I I feel awkward. It doesn't have to necessarily be you just like being yourself on camera. You can be yourself in the way that you're creating the content. Yeah. Creating unique, cool stuff. Yeah. I feel like another part of it too is going viral and like how that exposes you to everything and everyone. Oh yeah. People are maybe seeing the best sides of you and the worst sides of you and you never know which one of those is going to go viral. Um and then you end up maybe saying something or doing something that like is really controversial or that maybe doesn't like isn't the best. Maybe you make a mistake and then it's like I mean cancel culture is real. it people come after you. Yeah, I think that's the scary thing about just like the internet in general um and being a creator. There's there's a lot of um I guess risk that is associated with sharing so much about yourself cuz you're not going to be for everyone, right? Like you have your opinions and honestly I think the best creators have opinions. They should. Like if you're posting to please every single person on the planet, I just don't think that's going to work out because ultimately people latch on to the opinions that you have and they like you for you, right? And so it's like if you're not sharing that then you're leaving that aside. But then also if you are sharing that you're opening yourself up to this like potential hate, potential people just disagreeing and that's hard too. Yeah, absolutely. And I think it's too like it can be dangerous at points too. internet safety like we don't talk about it enough but like creators going viral generally like it's usually video and you know people can get so much out of the background of your videos like so many people and people just feel so entitled to giving their opinion or if they disagree with you to like do something about it. And like so many people have gotten like their address is leaked because they maybe they posted something that was like negative or people didn't like and then people are looking at the background of their videos trying to figure out where they live and then sharing it with everyone. Like it's crazy. And so it's I'm always like trying to be so careful and I don't I don't really post anything too controversial but I'm definitely like if you like me great. If not that this isn't your place. Um, but I'm even so like and I'm not like a mega influencer, but I'm like always trying to be careful like make sure my like the front of my house isn't in my background that like people don't know where like they can't really tell where I live because you never know what's going to happen and who's going to see your video. I'm huge on this because it freaks me out. And here's the thing, I don't think you need to have a big following at all. I have 20,000 followers. That yes, it's big for a lot of people, but it's not huge, right? It's not like I'm a celebrity at all. Um, but it takes one person to get free one person. It takes one person to like have that something out for you and then go find your house. And I think that's really scary because like again as creators we do put so much out there. Um I'm always really careful with that. I don't ever show anything of where I live. Like it does freak me out. Um also I see a lot of influencers on this topic. They will make a mistake with unboxing videos or like PR and they'll have their address on this thing. Oh my god, that's a huge one. That's really scary. So, and then what do you do? Like you just posted it. Maybe you caught it a day later, but so many people have seen your videos. It's also people will save the video so that they can go back to it later or like they'll screenshot it. This happens a lot too. We see it on like the negative side of like when things go viral for the wrong reasons and then like somebody will they'll like the creator will delete the video. It lives forever. I guarantee you somebody already downloaded it, somebody screenshotted and now it's all over the internet still. Heck, people do this with live streams. They first they screen record a live stream. You think a live stream isn't permanent? Yo, you have no idea. I was watching. Yeah, I I saw this the other day. Literally, I saw a YouTube video about this today. There was a nurse who This is like off topic. Sorry. There was a nurse who like went super viral for the wrong reason because she live streamed giving medication to her patients like during work. Oh my god. Which is like wrong with that. Hippo violations. There's a lot wrong with that. There's a lot wrong with that. You shouldn't do that. That's terrible. Um but again, she went viral. I guess for the wrong reason. I think it's the right reason, but for regardless um for her it was the wrong reason. And that's like really that's that's I mean that's hard, but I guess she made a mistake. I hope she learns from that. Yeah. Well, and I saw one recently too where it was this girl who was being kind of mean about um she was like talking about Pilate Pilates and how people who were like a certain weight shouldn't be going to Pilates or like if you if your body looks a certain way, you shouldn't be teaching Pilates. And she went mega viral for the wrong reasons. Took her video down. People were like reposting it, re-sharing it. She lost her job. She lost the membership to her Pilates gym, which I honestly go. Um, but it's like things like that, like you think you're just going to get on and have a quick little moment and to have something to say. And like honestly, again, she kind of deserved it, but you never know what's going to happen from it. Like people, for better or worse, people will hold you accountable, which is also kind of funny that transitioning into like accountability, people love to hold the creators accountable, but nobody ever holds the like the bullies in the comment sections accountable. That's fair. Well, cuz the bullies in the comment sections are anonymous. Let it be real. I mean, like, at the end of the day, 396. I mean, a lot of times they literally are anonymous, but at the same time, it's like nobody pays attention to them, you know? They're like, "Ah, it's just a per whatever. as a person. But you're right, like you know that does have you should have that accountable, but I don't think it's common to be like, "Look at this person who left this comment." Like, nobody talks about that. They're just there, you know? It's kind of weird. But that's also one of the like things about going viral is like people just can get on and bully you and you just kind of have to like, okay. Yeah. And they always have like a private account and you don't know who they are. It's like, okay, well, it's it's the both sides of the accountability coin. Like, yes, we should absolutely be holding people accountable when they say gross Like, you shouldn't be teaching Pilates if you're over 200 lb. That's terrible. I saw that too. But we should also be able to hold people accountable who are like literally telling you to go off your unlive yourself because they don't like your videos. Like that's it's well that's that's scary. Like people say people have no I don't know. They have no shame, no fear. They just say it's terrible. Like that that's crossing the line. Like okay I understand people can say bad things like what she said was not good at all but like don't do that. Don't leave Don't actually comment bully someone. Yeah, that's horrible. It's bad. I think we see a lot of that and I think that's hard. I I when we were talking about like the negative things about the addresses and stuff, I thought of this story which is um there's a family channel um a newer one, not on YouTube on I think she just does Tik Tok. The family ones are always tough. The family ones are rough and I have lots of opinions on that. We're making a video on that, too. Um stay tuned. Stay tuned. But um yeah, I that's a whole issue in itself. But there's one family that long story short, they have a lot of controversy. She posts a lot of things, whatever. Um and I guess they got like evicted from their home and so now they're in like a hotel or something. And she was posting about the hotel and it's like, well, if your family lives in this hotel and you're now posting about this hotel that you're living in, someone's going to figure out which hotel it is. And her hotel got doxed. They moved to another hotel. I'm pretty sure the second hotel got doxed. That's also your family. Like it doesn't just affect you. It affects the people in your life and especially like the family blot like with kids you that's an extra level of security and like things that you have to consider and have to be careful about. Same and going like to so many people go viral because of what like posting their kids online. I know you're going to talk about all of this too, but like you never know how that's going to affect them when they grow up as well. Tell me about it. I Yeah. So, I've been on a deep dive on family channels this week because I'm making that video and it is hard to watch, you know. And then I think what's interesting is that now that now that YouTube because it's specifically YouTube that this all started on YouTube, the family vlogging. I think now that that is older, like now YouTube's been around a long time and whatever, the kids are now older and I think that's really hard cuz now we're watching the kids come out and be like, "Hey, like that sucked. Like I didn't like that. didn't have a choice. And I think that's a really that's hard. That's really hard cuz also like a lot of these family channels too, like speaking of going viral, they went viral because of the kids. And now all of a sudden they want those numbers again and again and again. Kind of like we're saying with everything else and in order to do that, you got to put your kids in the content. That's that's that's a hard spot to. Um, do you feel like there's I know your primary channel is is YouTube. My primary channels technically Tik Tok is my largest audience, but I really love Instagram the most. Um, sorry, Tik Tok. Um, but do you feel like there's a difference between the comments and like the community that you build over there? Because like I know if I have a video going viral on Instagram, I'm usually like Gucci. Like I'm not really going to have to deal with too many haters. Like not too bad. People like, yeah, we'll still I'll still have negative comments, but I know if my my things are going viral on Tik Tok, like it is a crapshoot of what you're going to get. Like I might not be able and people on Tik Tok are mean. And I've heard people on YouTube are even worse. my YouTube. I've had maybe like one short go viral and it's always like the only comments that I get are negative. I'm like, "Why are you here? Get get off of my page." I think a lot of kids watch YouTube. I was going to say I think it really also comes down I think that's what it is. I think they're like 15, 16 and they're just behind a phone and they don't care. Yeah, I think that's what I think that's why this is happening. So, YouTube is usually like really bad cuz it's just kids that don't know any better or should know better but don't. Um, I feel like Facebook is the same because now with Facebook, I don't know if they still call them reals over on Facebook. Yeah. Um, but with like Facebook reels, now your audience over there is significantly older. So, they might not understand why you're posting this or they might not agree with you because it's like a very completely different lifestyle for them because of the age difference. And so then I feel like people every real that I see like all of the comments are negative. It's usually just like people complaining or like so weary of you and like having to be like Karen's online because that's just what it is. And whereas like Instagram and Tik Tok like Tik Tok for the most part too, a lot of the viral videos like are still younger people commenting, but you get a lot more like just general broad age ranges. Same with Instagram. But I have heard that YouTube is especially bad because it is a much younger Yeah. The reason that I know I mean there's a lot of reasons that you can know that YouTube's younger. A lot of times it's sways younger and I don't make kids content like not like that. It's just that's I guess what happens. Yeah. I get a lot of comments on YouTube and people are always like you look like Olivia Olivia Rodrigo. That's my most that one of my most common things and it's so weird cuz I don't even I don't even see that. Um but people say it all the time. All the time. And I'm like okay these must be younger people cuz like my grandma won't know who that is. My mom won't know who that is either. Exactly. But there's definitely like the pros and cons of going viral. Um, but I feel like we're always looking for ways to go viral because we get so addicted to those numbers. But I think it's really important to talk about and consider the negative sides of it. So that if you want to make this a career so that you don't burn yourself out because frankly I think that's truly one of the the best ways to burn yourself out is to always be seeking that virality and then not thinking about the repercussions that are going to come from it. Yep. You have to always be super aware when you get into a career like content creation that it's not all sunshine and rainbows. There's you're first of all you're going to make a lot of mistakes just in general, but also there are downsides to these numbers. I think we get so focused on it and it sucks and we I me included we need to stop doing this because it's so hard like it's hard to do that. It's not good for your audience and then it gets you stuck in this mindset and going viral is not always as great as you think it's going to be. It's not always that great. Go a viral video does not a content creator career make. Did that make sense? Was that English? A viral video does not a constant be like uh a like a viral video doesn't make you can't make your career. It's a saying, but it was just a wordy one. But yes, going viral does not mean you're going to have a successful career as a content creator. Um and I think it's really important to remember that. Yeah. Sorry, I think my brain shut off there. I'm getting tired. I think this is where we end the video. Thank you, Mel. This is so fun. I love this office. I'm happy. I know. We'll have to fly back to Barcelona just to film more. Send us by Barcelona. Thank you guys for watching. Um Sarah is usually here doing amazing interviews talking about all things content creation. So excited to be back on and hopefully we'll see you guys soon. All right. Bye. Thanks, Mel. Thank you. A wrap. Yay. Yay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAuricB [1 likes]: And at the end of the day authenticity is the key. Forget viral. Be authentic. One would rather have 1000 followers that are active and buy your stuff than 100,000 that are ghosting you. I really hope we see a shift in this and go back to good content versus a stupid dance and meaningless jargon no one cares about
  2. @TheAuricB [1 likes]: And not to mention that over 1/4th of the content we interact with (check the research) is bots. Comment bots. To control the collective narrative. Collective Illusion at its finest. 

Excellent video you all!!!! 🩷🦄🩵🦄💜🦄💚
  3. @audreywiggins1: Great subject twist on going viral.
  4. @mariafranciscakellyperez1896: Yay! such a great video! Thanks for this content. This happened to me. I have more than a million followers on ig because of viral videos

- The Downsides of Going Viral on TikTok | Why Community Matters More: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about the Dark Side of going viral on Tik Tok that does not get discussed often enough now there are a ton of videos teaching you how to go viral on Tik Tok how to write Trends how to end up on the 4u page and that is not bad at all right this channel is about growing on social media Platforms in order to connect you with audiences that would benefit from the skills that you have to offer and so it's really important to be seen and put out content that connects with people but there's a difference between growing and exploding because exploding has the potential to mess up your account let me explain that a little bit more essentially let's say you're a new account don't have that many posts don't have that many followers but you post a video and it gets picked up by the algorithm and spreads like wildfire before you know it you have gone from zero followers to 10 ,000 followers overnight sounds like the dream but what if you post a video that goes viral that doesn't have anything to do with your actual business or what you actually want to grow on in social media follow this analogy I used to run track in high school not many people knew me but when it came to sports I got a lot more notoriety right and so after the track meets or not basketball games I was not good at basketball but after the track meets a lot of people would be more interested in talking to me and giving me attention why because I had done something entertaining that sparked their interest and made them interested in me seems like a win-win right well kind of not really because while I was good at track it wasn't what I was passionate about it wasn't what I wanted to grow in or establish a career much less an identity in right and so when I became known for track people stick around because of it but they also stick around because they're expecting more of it can you continue to deliver on this viral content that you've created if you've niched down or found or created a video that's related to what you're interested in great you can do more of it but if your viral video is a oneoff hit of something that you can't really replicate then that's when being viral isn't that great for example on one of my Tik Tok accounts I have a video about a really popular bar and Club in Spain I went there on a girls trip and decided to take some content and turn it into something that could be SEO optimized so that people could search for it and figure out things do in Spain and the video performed really well it has a ton of traffic coming from search it continues to get views it converted people into followers but the only thing is I don't live in Spain I'm not going to cre keep creating content about Spain and most of those followers are people who live in Spain or travel to Spain from Europe it isn't a us-based audience that would necessarily help my business model this isn't to say that it was a bad video and I didn't learn anything from it but getting a video that blow blows up doesn't necessarily mean that you found your people right we don't want to go viral followers aren't that important what is important is community and Community is something that you grow slowly over time by continuing to offer value and developing yourself or establishing yourself as an expert in whatever your field is or what you're offering another thing is you don't want to rush virality I describe it as having a bunch of people come over to your apartment when you don't have any furniture you have a brand new account and you want to grow really really fast but if you only have two or three videos there isn't much for the algorithm to push out to people once they find you granted sometimes I find Tik tok's algorithm a bit annoying when it comes to following someone and then it pushes too much of their content to me at one time I guess it's more annoying if that person's content portfolio isn't Diversified but the main thing is trust that success is going to come and part of success is having an established record in whatever field you want to be successful in developing that record is going to take time so sit down relax and enjoy the journey it is okay to not go viral overnight and another reason why it's okay to not go viral overnight is because followers really don't matter that much again like I said it's not about followers it's about Community tons of people have a huge amount of subscribers but they have low engagement rates right and so those are people who join them for one moment but didn't stick around and that happens a lot on social media this isn't to completely negate the value of followers but to say that the story of someone's Community their influence reach impact and how they're leveraging it involves a lot more context and Nuance so before you get pressed about trying to go viral and blow up and reaching a million people and being known across the world let's pause and think about a few things

- How To Turn Any Product Into A Viral Story: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to cover how to create content that prints. Doesn't matter if it's organic content, doesn't matter if it's paid content. We're going to go over this ultimate money glitch that I just recently discovered. So, one thing that's crazy, 7.5 billion impressions. That's how many impressions that I've had across my businesses and my organic socials since I started business about 8 years ago. To put that into perspective, the New York Times, the leading publication in the 1970s, had a daily circulation of a million copies. I think this was its peak. To get 7.5 billion impressions, 20,000 years of that daily circulation would need to be done. We truly live in a golden age of being able to get in front of audiences, both paid and organic. So, my promise doesn't matter if you are completely creatively terrible, you don't understand how to use your iPhone camera. By the end of this video, you're going to be an expert and you're going to have a clear road map about how to create your first viral piece of content that more importantly doesn't just get views, it creates money. That's the main thing. It creates sales. You truly will just never look at social media the same because I haven't since. So, we're going to go over that unbeatable formula. We're going to go through key emotions for virality and also sales for paid ads. We're going to talk about how to steal content ethically. I don't just want you going copying frame by frame everyone's videos. And we're going to talk about how to post 100 times more because I'm so sick of you all posting once a day. If it works, post more than once a day. If it doesn't work, stop posting once a day. That's the truth. So, this is the old formula. Everyone's seen this formula, right? So, hook, body, CTA. This is my new formula. So this is the process. We're going to frame swipe. We're going to create a story and we're going to scale. So if that doesn't make sense, it will in a second. I came up with this formula when I realized that content isn't new. It's been around forever. So we had initially the town criers that would stand in a square yelling things which is basically been amplified through Twitter. We had the newspaper publications like the New York Times that progressed into cable TV. These guys had already perfected the formula. So we don't need to learn anything new. I studied how did they get the message across the best. The thing is all of these publications and methods they all knew the best way to get their message across which was the story. There's a reason why we forget facts about history but we remember mythology like Zeus. We don't remember the exact year that world wars were on when they finished those kind of things, but we remember really cool stories. We don't remember the exact sales, revenue, or even business strategies of Steve Jobs, but we remember that he started in a garage. We remember all of the crazy stories that he had growing the brand. when I started on YouTube. So, this was probably I think one year in, two years in, I was getting decent traction, but it just stopped growing. I think that there was a certain amount of people that knew me from my brands, but I just could not get past this 200,000 point. All of my content, my probably maximum video was at 400,000 views. And I was like, I'm going to go back to e-commerce. That's where I make money. This was interesting. It's not growing. It's not worth my time. Then my last video that I post, we restructured the team. Everyone was moving on with different things, focusing on different things. I was like, we'll just have one more video. And the hook of this video, how I went to $500 to half a billion, well, not the hook, just the first 5 seconds is my name is Davey. This is my story. I then go on and tell all of the lessons that I had told in the past two years on these YouTube videos. They were exactly the same. But I changed one thing. I told a story first. I told the story and then I told the lesson. And this is because stories we'll go through the science and then we're going to watch some viral content. Stories impact the brain in a completely different way due to a process called neural coupling. So when I say he kicked the ball, your motor cortex fires as if you were kicking the ball. If I say a spider jumps out and he was very fearful, your amygdala will go. There'll be activity in that part of the brain rather than in stats and facts. It's only those two other areas of the brain getting activated. And there's been tons of studies that that prove this. There was a study that Stanford did where they did two lots of presentations to people. One included stories, one didn't include stories, just had facts. 5% remembered the facts. 63% remembered the story based presentations. So, there's science to back it up. So, but here's the truth. Our stories are now 9x6. They're now vertical. So, let's watch some content. Everyone ready? Welcome back to another day in the life of two guys building the next big protein cookie business. Today, we pulled off an industry first, and it wasn't easy. Over the last few months, we've been grinding behind the scenes because y'all let us know how much you hated the fact that we use seed oils in our cookies. We get it. We heard you loudly. Here's the deal. The seed oils came from margarine, which is super common in baked goods and protein snacks you see on the shelves today. But we wanted to set a new standard. So, back to the drawing board we went. Testing different fat bases. And let me tell you, we failed a lot. Like, a lot a lot. But after months of trial and error and sacrificing way too many cookies, we nailed it. So, they go on to say that they cracked the cookie code. Now, let's compare that content to a video where they go, "We now create a cookie that can reduce inflammation by x% because it no longer has seed oils." Just doesn't have the same ring to it. It doesn't bring the person on the journey. and the fact that they talked about the emotion behind it, the failures that they had make you far more likely to purchase or at least take notice. So, the next one [Applause] [Music] So there wasn't even a voice over there, but you understood the story. It was about someone that was overweight that's trained for an Iron Man. There was like probably six clips in that and there were probably from I don't know few years apart I guess maybe not even a couple years apart depending on how hard he worked. But it was an incredible story. It was incredibly motivating. went super super viral. Now, this is a viral post on my page, which was 45,000 likes. It wasn't even a video, but it was still telling a story. So, here's how you can make a viral post in the next 30 minutes after this presentation. Go write down the past 10, 20 years of your business life. Write one iconic thing that happened in each of those years. Make sure you include the failures. Make sure you build up the hero's journey that they eventually succeed and simply get a photo from that, put a text overlay, create a carousel, post it, and watch it go viral. So, the interesting thing here is that this story that you see here on this carousel, it's the exact story that I told on that YouTube. It's just in a different format. And then I've told it on Twitter. I've just told it across mediums over and over in different ways. and it works every single time. Now, let's cover what makes the story viral. So, you're probably thinking it's the hook. It's the uh structure of the video. It's the the trend overall or it's some random Instagram hack where you like something and add it as your close friend or something like that. But let's watch this video first. So, it's just a video of a kid hugging his dad and it said, "I hugged him with love. He hugged me with hate." There's no hook. There's no structure. There's no hacks. 9.3 million views. But there's a story in that. There's a relatable story in that. There's one thing that it has which is so important, which is emotion. So here's a list of emotions that we can actually target in our videos to create powerful stories. Ask yourself, how does my product create curiosity? How does my product create moral outrage? How does my product create belonging, confusion? Just keep asking yourself those what is a story that I can tell about that. Now I don't think this is groundbreaking but I think when paired with the next slide I wanted to go a little bit deeper and I think it will really make sense for you. These are more techniques to drive that emotion and that virality. So we've got novelty, relatability, visual shock, trend relevance, credibility, and controversy. So, we're going to talk about how these strategies, these techniques can be paired with these emotions to tell viral stories. How do you feel about the cheap replicas in the market now? The most frustrating thing is when it's a blatant counterfeit product. There are so many out there that are like they're thin, they smell bad, taken our patterns, put it on there, they obviously cut the quality down so much so that they can make more money and that just really tarnishes our brand and our product. That's obviously illegal. So, this is a story about counterfeits. I've used controversy because people are like, "Oh, you don't own the product." People are like, "Oh, the Snuggy existed before you. There was competing products out there." It also really frustrates people that certain people are breaking the law. So, this ad probably made me over a million dollars in sales. And you need to not be scared of getting some negative comments. You need to not be scared about creating some level of controversy for your brand because that will help it grow. I think I invented the perfect gift when we first launched. So this is another piece of content of being wrapped in a wearable blanket but as it talks initially about the hook about the make an allin-one version the then goes to the onesie and which we down here it's a bit squished. Sorry I'll fix that. We've got $250,000, a quarter of a million dollars we spent over two months and we've made almost a million dollars in sales through this ad. So, what's interesting about this video, the fact that it's relatable for people, it's relatable for the audience that ended up purchasing or viewing it because they already have an Udy. So you need to understand where your audience is in terms of their life to become relatable. Proximity is relevant. This is why you remember this random story about the burger place around the corner. Maybe it's positive. Maybe it's that they have cockroaches. And nobody else would ever remember that because it's so close. It's so relevant. And we've just created a bit of excitement there. This video here, I'll play it simply because it had 90 million views. I almost didn't include this one, but I loved the visual shock behind it and I'm going to explain how I think we can improve it. So, humans love symmetry and balance. They love fluidity and predictability because it's creating a scenario in the brain that they want to see to completion. They want to see the pattern. The reason why I added this video as well is because unfortunately there isn't a very very clear story behind this. So, how could we make this better? We could talk about the cultural relevance of using wax on the wine bottle, how it increases flavor, how they came up with the idea, like all of like how many sales they've gotten from doing this dipping process versus their other other bottles. Those kind of things will create a story and will convert a lot better. Even though they've got 90 million views, I'd probably rather 10 million views and there'd be some education around the story behind the product than just a huge amount of views. So, next, the recent Tik Tok buyout. We've got Drumstick walking in saying, "Oh, yeah, fine. I'll buy Tik Tok so it doesn't get banned." This is just humor and more importantly, trend relevance. So, they're capturing something that's happening in the news that week. There's tons of people that have mascots. We've got one included. We didn't make a video like this. We didn't tell this story because we weren't on top of the trend. Missed the opportunity, but it worked really well. 15 million views for them. Next, we got a bit of a weird one. 13 years as a coochie doctor, yet no one believes me when I tell them this. Rubbing fig seeds on your breast them go from saggy to perky. It's gonna blow your mind. Contain lots of estrogen. Dipping your face in ice water daily. This is AI. Okay. The model probably wasn't the model. They've just grabbed a doctor that looks similar to her. This person speaking is AI. It's all over. I know what you're thinking, but this is probably some kid in his basement working with like a hundred cheap editors at $5 an hour putting this into Chachi PT saying, "Write me a story about a coochie doctor. Give me lots of tips around this space." And then make sure you include the sales for a product which at the end of this video she mentions the best solution which is a product. But this is the point of what I'm trying to make here is that these AI based videos at the moment the ones that are getting 360,000 likes and 5 million views, they're telling stories because they're the best way at capturing attention. So these people are testing hundreds thousands of pieces of creative and these are the ones that you're going to see. So, if you went and you looked at those videos and you're like, I'm going to tell this exact same story. I'm going to get similar visuals and I'm going to post on Tik Tok and I'm going to win and I'm going to get the same amount of views. You're wrong. If you tell that exact same story, it's going to go to the exact same audience that is already served. This is basic economic supply and demand. When I was talking to one of my friends the other day and they wanted to start a cooking channel on Tik Tok and I was like, "Here's some cool viral ideas. It's a great idea." and she was like, "No, they're they're all cringe. Those ideas, I don't want to be cringe." This is a fundamental problem because people think that new equals cringe. Whereas new, you're finding new pockets, new audiences that are underserved. This is similar with paid ads. If you're selling, let's say, an ice bath and you're making it around muscle recovery and you're trying to run these paid ads and tell these stories about that and then you instantly create a new ad about let's say something completely uh that you know maybe ice bars are toxic if they're not cleaned and there is no content about that. Facebook finally has a place to put that ad because nobody else is running it. So if you want to be creative, but I know what you're thinking. You promised me I'm not a creative person. How do I come up with these stories? How do I find my viral story? I want you to ask yourself these questions. What is something everyone thinks is true about your product but isn't? That's really important. And then we're going to tell it as a story. One of the best examples like Udy being too expensive. If I went and said we use GSM fabric of this this and this is why it's expensive. It cost us this. People are going to go that boring. If I go, I flew to China or I flew to where my factory is to discover the best softest fabric for the UI and this is why it's expensive and tell that story and document that. That's going to go viral. That's going to be in people's head because it's now justified. So, the other one is like the Udie not being long enough, which was a big complaint. That onesie video touches on that. That's something that everyone thinks is true about our product, but isn't because we have the alternative product. So, what's the most heartfelt or inspiring customer success story you've ever heard? Grab your iPhone, tell the story of that customer and post it, and I can guarantee you people will listen. Another thing, focusing on controversy. What's something about your product or service that will frustrate people or have frustrated people? And what's the story behind that? What's a story that proves your product service is different from the competitors? This is different from going my features are this, my thickness is this, blah blah blah. We want to tell it as a story that proves it. What's the strangest and shocking visual you can think about your product and service? This is that visual shock that I want you to think about. We can also pair visual shocks with other trending things at the moment. What's a story in the news that's happened in the past 3 days in your space? Keep your eye on the news because you as an authority of the topic can tell the story about your experience with that news and post it. Then we got step three. This is for the creative illiterates. So we've got frame swiping. Now this is a great quote. If I've seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. Isaac Newton. There's no problem stealing content providing that we do it ethically and really importantly getting around the supply and demand element of it. We can't just copy directly because again that audience is served. So what we're going to do is we're going to watch a small bit of content here and then I'm going to show you how to frame swipe and then we're going to break down the beginning, middle and end. This girl called our product a ripoff. I literally seen a difference and this thing so high smile really big brand. So, this is the table we're going to start filling out. On the left, we got beginning, middle, and end. That's obvious what that is. The start of the video to the end of the video. Then, we got location and visuals. Where are they? Pacing. How quickly are the cuts? Audio and script. What is basically said? Text, like, what visual text can you see on it? Is it captions? Is it the Instagram text? We got lighting, viewers feeling. I added lighting there because I think a lot of people get that wrong and it is actually quite important to change the tone of the video. Viewers feeling, what are they feeling anxious? Those kind of things. Touch on that. And then just any other notes for you guys to copy in. So let's look at this. What video we just watched? We're going to watch it again. Don't worry. We got the warehouse location visuals. Pacing is just normal. There's nothing crazy. It's not fast cuts. The audio and script get these keywords. We're going to talk about language in a second, but it's like they called our product a ripoff. Disgusting, the influencer says straight after it. Then we've got captions. They're in a warehouse and the viewers feeling is curious. They're wondering if High Smile is a ripoff, which may be an already existing belief that that person has. And then we've added the influencer video first 3 seconds as like a cut. And you'll watch all of this now and see it. This girl called our product a ripoff. I literally see no difference and this thing is disgusting. Now, before you judge, I can explain why it didn't work. But this is not our packaging. She clearly tried a fake from Teimu or Amazon like this and this. So, she tried. So, let's cover the middle of the video. It's now changed drastically, hasn't it? This is a paid ad for them. I think it was organic as well. It was crushing it. They've got the warehouse again, and it's gone to a point of view. Did you notice the camera change? because now it's a GoPro on them. Then we've got fast pacing. It's starting to move quicker. It's cutting. We got this is a fake tee/ sheen. Those trigger words captions again warehouse. It's a misdirect. So suddenly the viewers feeling is like what just happened? They're fearful that they're going to buy a fake as well. There's lots of emotion in those frames. And then we're showing the competitor's product. So when the buyer sees the competitor on Teeu, they're like, "Oh, be be aware." So we'll watch the end of the video now just to round this one off. The real V34. And we got this new video back today. So the influencers now are trying a darker purple trying the actual high smile. Oh my god. Now, we apologize for anyone who's made this mistake. So we'll throw in one of our famous flavored toothpaste coming through with an offer in this bundle. You could even pick the flavor, but if you're struggling, ice pop is a crowd favorite. And telling the favorite product. So, just to round this one off, all the same places throw in and then a darker purple as a trigger word. So, this is a Shark Techch investment for 16-year-old girls. It's had over 10 million views. So, this video, let's break it down. The beginning, throwing the problem product away. fast carts. I've got the song there. The trending sounds are really important to know. It's well lit. Curious. The viewer is just curious about the idea. Uh because they're so young pretty much. So, we're really highlighting that they're designing something. There is no ending to that video. Well, it's me saying that it's one of the best clothing products that I' I've felt on Shark Tank. And I think that this is maybe somewhere that where they could have improved that video. So, we could have more of a journey and finish it off. it could have been longer so that we're more likely for the person to remember. Now, one thing that you're probably thinking going through this and when you scroll through Tik Tok tonight, you're going to be like, there are so many videos that have more views than the story-based ones. And I'll challenge you to do this. Go through those videos and then try to remember as many as you can. The next day, I guarantee you, you will remember the storybased ones because brain rot does not make sales. It is not remembered. All of those random videos will just go in one ear, out the other. So, the next skill we need to learn is just mastering your storytelling overall. There's a bunch of techniques that I'm going to go through with some example ads that have really helped me. People ask me, "What's the secret? How do you have so many Shopify plaques?" And the answer is very very simple. Fire your agency. They are scamming you. So this video I said people ask me what's the secret? How do I have so many Shopify plaques? They are two open loops. The first open loop which is basically a statement that is creates curiosity about what's going to come next is what's the secret and the second one is how do I have so many Shopify plaques? They're both, I guess, kind of blended. And there's a concept called the Zy Nick effect. I think I said that right. Which there's scientists noticed that waitresses could remember everything about a person's bill until they closed and paid the bill. Then it would just disappear out of their memory. Because humans are trained to remember things that aren't complete yet. This is why Netflix, the end of the show on Netflix will give you this random cliffhanger we like to call them. And this is why when you're creating content and telling stories, never open with a hook, open with an open loop and then instantly the next sentence close the loop because their curiosity will be solved and they will turn off. We need to create the open loop so that we can educate them further. So the next thing we can do to enhance our storytelling is use powerful language. Too many people in this room are too scared at using powerful language because they're too scared to upset people. Let's take some of these examples. So let's say we're mentoring someone or we're creating some business content and we're like the Udie does this. Let's learn from them. Rather than let's say let's steal the Udie's content technique. That hook there is going to be so much more powerful than the other one. I'm going to take the ice bath example again. Let's say this is the problem with selling an ice bath that does this. This is a national ice bath crisis. Powerful language completely changes how the content is received and is prioritized in the algorithm. So, if you're struggling with this, write out the script or get the video that you've already created, put it into chat GPT and say, make this extremely exaggerated. make the language extremely powerful and see what alternatives they give you. Now remember, it's a game of milliseconds, not seconds. Everyone has that friend that tells a story and it takes forever. If that story takes just a little bit too long, if there's a clip that just is a little bit too long at the end, let's say you're telling a story and there's a bit of a pause after you tell the story before it goes to the next frame, you're going to lose people. It's a game of milliseconds. So make the cuts quick. That's why in the frame swiping I'm teaching you how to look at pacing. Now one final thing about frame swiping is you'll notice we're using high smiles ad here. It doesn't need to be in the same niche as you to do frame swiping. We're grabbing the format. We're not grabbing it directly from competitors because this is a great way of you finally serving the audience for your product in a new format that they're maybe not experiencing. Now we've become masters of storytelling. Now we're going to scale this like crazy so we can print tons of money. The first thing we need to do is remove the founder constraint. A tale as old as time is the founder creates an invention, they film themselves, they get a couple of sales posting about it, goes a little bit viral, then they do it again and again and again and they are limited, their sales are limited to how many times that they can post on social media. Operations gets complex for them. life gets in the way. They stop posting as much. They call me, they go, "Why are my sales dropping?" And I'm like, "You're posting one times a day." Business gets tougher over time under the same conditions because competitors enter the space. You're doing the exact same outputs that created the sales in a tougher condition. Of course, your sales are going down. So, remove yourself as a founder constraint so that you can post more because you don't want to be posting once. You can post three times a day, 10 times a day. Some of my friends post hundreds of times a day. How do we do this with confidence? We start with the data. So, if you're early on in your journey, which a lot of people here are today, you'll look at sales spikes with a viral piece of content. You can look at week on week sales. When you've got a couple of viral videos, let's say you post seven videos in a row during that week uh that go quite well. You look at your impressions. How did that week of sales go? Also, probably you could even look at month. I'm going to do a consistent month of posting versus last month. Is that worth my time? Discount codes early on. You can mention your discount codes and that will be black and white. More importantly, just run the content as Facebook ads. The stuff we've covered today will be applicable for organic content, but it will also work as Facebook ads. And the final thing is find scalable formats. If it's a founder story video that you end up frame swiping, posting, getting good results on, that's not really a scalable format. It's kind of difficult for me to just keep telling my founder story on my main page. People are just going to start tuning out. This is why podcasts, street interviews, some of those people are the biggest creators because they just do the same piece of content on repeat. People consume it. Compare this to something like a travel video or a cooking video. You're extremely limited because you need to make the food and you can't get 15 reels in one day. So, how do we remove the founder constraint and get a team posting a ton? We've got three options here. We've got an influencer that we can go and hire, find someone that's gotten a few views. Linda, the UI girl that works as our social media manager, she started in customer service. She had a 10,000 follower Tik Tok or something like that and she joined and started making videos. Now we've got, you know, half a million followers. You can also look at a videographer and you can also look at a social media manager. You could do a traditional post on LinkedIn, boost it or go and try to poach those roles and find someone that has what it takes. But I warn you, a lot of these people are too corporate, they're too stagnant, and they have never gotten views. The ultimate hiring hack in this place is find someone that has done exactly what you need to do. Hire them, pay them to do it for yourself. And then keep your Google Drive organized every single clip. Ask your mom, ask your grandparents, everyone to upload as much footage as possible from your journeys. Doesn't matter if it's this business, doesn't matter if they're old business. Get your employees to send every video that they have. put it into this Google Drive so that you have massive archives of footage because you're going to need it at scale. The other thing we need to learn is life extenders. So, let's say this viral video that I had about telling my story. We can change the format as I've already talked about. We could use an AI voice over format. We could just change out the hook in a month if we wanted to. And we can just post the same viral story at least four times each. So, if you've already got viral content, go edit that and make add some life extension. Another question I often ask is like, why do we stop at just posting on one account? We could have multiple. There will be multiple different followers on that. Let's say with Udy, we've got an Udy uh creator account or a fan page, like an ultimate fan page, plus we've got the Udy account. Once we find a viral format, we can post different variations to each. Make sure there slightly differed content, stay with it for a long period of time, and eventually both of those pages will be hitting virals. And we can definitely use overseas editors, grab, you can even pay them via CPM if you want. Give them the Google Drive, give them example content, or better yet, just let them run wild with it. Pay them incentive structures. If they hit massive viral videos that translate to sales, pay them really good money and you should absolutely crush it. So, next steps, go ask yourself the questions that we covered. Go do some frame swiping. Post at least 10 stories before you at me. And yeah, go print some

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavieFogarty [26 likes]: Whether you're starting or scaling your e-commerce business, DM 'learn' on Instagram for 1-on-1 mentorship or get access to my free e-commerce course to level up.
  2. @MladenStojanovic [8 likes]: People charge great money for not as nearly great advice as this. Great video
  3. @janakordik601 [1 likes]: excellent advice 🎉🎉🎉
  4. @BillyNguyenMedia [1 likes]: love this lecture
  5. @futurelightz7541 [1 likes]: David, You need more ENERGY in your delivery. It’s not exciting as a good story should be. Try using more body language, hand and facial expressions. Dynamics in your vocal range. Too monotone. Drop the phone so you can communicate with your entire body. Gotta take that hand out that pocket.
  6. @ArendJanV: Awesome video but YouTube is overdoing it with the commercials
  7. @rebeccam4316: wish i saw this when you posted it!!!!
  8. @ADPROFITS-e9i: so there should not be CTA in the video ???
  9. @Shahoriar-g4j: Hello idol,
I hope you are doing well. I am one of your biggest fans from Bangladesh. Your videos and content inspire me every day and teach me to never give up. Your work gives me the courage to dream big and keep trying.
I have been saving up for a laptop so that I can start my dropshipping/business project. I have managed to save more than half of the amount myself, but my family is unable to cover the remaining amount at this time.
I want to ask without any hesitation—if there is any way you could support me with the remaining amount, it would be a huge help in making my dream come true. If it’s not possible, I completely understand, but I thought it would be good to let you know.
Your guidance, inspiration, and support mean so much to me. I am deeply grateful to you.
Best regards,
Shahoriar
  10. @ewanvevo5491: 29:00
  11. @BusinessBankingAndBeyond: By blending creativity with strategic planning, you can create content that not only goes viral but also effectively drives sales.
  12. @crisvels: shalom
  13. @ShahzadKhurram-q5y: the video wads amazing, and a br8lliant knowledge but i ddin't understood the google drive and overseas editor part, can someone explain what do i have to do in these 2 points? 🧊🧊
  14. @Zackalexander-1: A lot of interesting informations in this video. Thank you for sharing
  15. @ewanvevo5491: 7:00 Viral Story
14:15 Cooking channel
  16. @cometbynight: Fact is viral works 🎉
  17. @LslolBcnki: Been helping some TikTok sellers source from Chinese platforms (1688 etc.) — much faster & cheaper than usual.
  18. @Lewi.s: Making content has never been so simplified
  19. @DominguezPetrosso: Very interesting content, I'll be using that for my next ads and organic posts. One thing though, You start with step 2 and have Step 3 Frameswiping and Step 3 Scaling. Something's not right there I think, unless I missed something. Anyways, thanks for sharing this valuable information!
  20. @leonardo.online: só queria te agradecer de verdade pelo conteúdo que você entregou aqui. Sério, poucas vezes vi algo tão direto, valioso e sem enrolação.

Dá pra ver que você fala com vivência, não só com teoria. Isso aqui me destravou várias ideias — valeu mesmo por compartilhar de forma tão generosa.

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- What's Behind the DARK Side of Social Media Fame?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The world of social media fame can be a really alluring one. Who wouldn't want to have thousands of adoring fans hanging on their every post or be able to make a living simply by sharing their interests and passions with the world? But beneath the surface of perfectly curated feeds and selfies, there's often a much darker reality. Imagine building your entire identity on a platform you don't own. For an audience that doesn't know you, chasing a validation metric that is designed to be just out of reach. You are performing constantly for a phantom crowd. This is the modern gold rush. But what is the true cost of this digital fortune? The first currency you spend is not your time, but something far more intimate. The true cost is your authentic self commodified. You begin to perform not for joy, but for the algorithm's approval, a system designed to exploit our deepest neurological cravings for social validation and variable rewards. Every like triggers a dopamine hit, conditioning you like a lab rat. But as Carl Jung warned, people will do anything, no matter how absurd, to avoid facing their own souls. The curated persona, the influencer, becomes a mask that fuses to the skin. You are caught in what Sartra called bad faith, replacing your complex, messy humanity with a two-dimensional grand. This internal fracture creates a haunting dissonance. But the most insidious damage is yet to come. This dissonance silently metastasizes, warping your perception of reality. The constant performance for an invisible jury fuels intense isolation. A paradox Jeang Paul Sartra termed hell is other people. You are never alone yet never truly connected. Your self-worth becomes outsourced, tethered to metrics you cannot control, leading to what Victor Frankle identified as the existential vacuum, a profound emptiness when life lacks meaning. The algorithm, a modern sisphus, forever dangles the next viral hit just beyond reach, ensuring you push the boulder uphill indefinitely. This cycle isn't accidental. It's by design. But what if the very pursuit of visibility is blinding you to the only escape route? The rebellion begins with a radical act of invisibility, withdrawing the performance. It requires the Nietian will to power not over others but over your own attention. You must dethrone the algorithm as the arbiter of your value and reclaim your inner narrative. This is the stoic practice of differentiating between what is within your control, your intentions, your craft and what is not. Virality, public opinion. It is choosing depth over breath. crafting for an audience of one, your truest self. This isn't quitting. It's a strategic retreat to higher ground. But this journey inward reveals the most profound, unsettling truth of all. The ultimate truth is that the platform is merely a mirror. The darkness you perceived wasn't in the code, but in the unexamined void within yourself that you asked it to fill. Social media fame is the modern siren's call, promising significance but shipwrecking you on the shores of your own insecurity. The final most powerful realization is that you are never meant to be a brand. You are meant to be a soul. Authentic connection and legacy were never found in the spotlight's glare, but in the quiet unrecorded moments of genuine creation. The screen reflects a phantom. Your life is the reality. So, what are your thoughts? Have you encountered situations where woke culture seemed more about appearance than action? Share your experiences in the comments below. If you're interested in exploring more topics like this, check out my other video on the impact of social media on our perceptions of reality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @exportintlexp6873: #TXTM

- The Psychological Effects of Instant Fame: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, welcome. Oh my. I was like, do you need me before I We were just talking. By the way, I love your hair. Thank you. Looks fantastic. So, we were just talking about Ted Williams. Yes. Is this too much too soon? It's a really important question. And I think the good news is that he is questioning that himself, which shows a level of insight into what the potential problems could be. And I think if he weren't if we didn't have a him saying, "Well, I'm worried that this could happen, I'd be more concerned." But I think the fact that he is reconnected with mom, hopefully that will be a protective factor for him and he will connect with really positive people who want to see him succeed. I mean hopefully, you know, new year, fabulous new story. Hopefully people won't take advantage of him and they really will continue to support him. But it is overwhelming. I mean this guy was on the streets and now all of a sudden within days he gets tons of not just job offers, huge, tremendous opportunities, right? A house, you know, I think someone offered to pay his mortgage, job opportunities. He's in the media spotlight. Look at how many people have been in the media spotlight their whole lives and can't handle that pressure. So, I think it's really important that he find people to support him. Find people that want to see him succeed because there's enough people that are going to fake it and they're going to act as if they want to see him succeed, but really are out for their own gain. Bryce and I were just talking about his mom. It's definitely evident that there are some family issues and tensions. She had said to us in an interview. Sure, I'm happy to see him, but I'll be honest. You know, I don't know if he's really going to hold this job down. I mean, she's and and rightfully so, because there's been a bad history, right? He has a bad track record and and he is going to have to prove to a lot of people that he can handle this. Not the least of which is his mom who probably invested a ton of time to try and help him only to watch him go back to old habits. And family members feel that way. I I I need to have some distance from you because you've hurt me too much. And I think that's true. He's going to have to do a lot of repairing to a lot of people. And is he going to be willing to do that? And and will they stand by him while he does it and believe in him enough to watch him prove them wrong? Speaking of that, is that going to be a hard journey to reconnect with his mother? It also he says he has nine kids. It sounds like a lot of them don't want to see him. Some do, some don't. Is that's going to be just as difficult to juggle, I imagine. I think that's true. I think that he there's going to be a lot of doubters. You know, right now we're all reveling in the beauty of the story, but there are doubters and those doubters are those people that are his family, his children, his mother, you know, other people, his ex-wife. So, we want to kind of consider how they're going to feel and he's going to have to balance that. He's going to have to figure that one out. What about money? We see this unfortunately with celebrities or, you know, reality TV stars who all of a sudden come into a lot and they they don't know how to manage it, right? Hopefully, someone will offer to be a financial planner for him. I mean, if with all of these offers, let's recommend that some financial planner step up and say, "We'll manage your money." Because I think he doesn't know how to manage money. I mean, he hasn't had any to manage and now he's getting offers where they're paying him tens of thousands of dollars. What does he do with that? Well, how does he not just go on these binges? How does he save it? How does he protect it? How does he really build a life that's worth living for himself? And it'll be interesting to see, you know, as the year progresses where he's at. He had said in one interview in the initial radio station, oh, if I can make 18,000, $25,000 a year, you know, that would make me happy. And I couldn't help but think, you might be able to get that in one commercial. Well, I think I read somewhere that one of the commercials that he was offered was paying him $10,000 the commercial. So, he's close. And that is a lot of money for someone who doesn't know. And and he needs to really slow down. And I think the media frenzy once it quiets down, hopefully he will be able to take a step back and say, "What's really important here? and how do I prove to everybody now that you know at 53 that I can handle this and make this happen? That is a huge life change at 53 years old. Not just for him but for really anybody. How do how does he go about handling that? I think it's a tough question and I think there are a lot of people who do change careers in their 50s and kind of find new life. And I think it's really just about the p the pace at which you go. You can't go as fast as you are when you're 25 or 35 and you have maybe less riding on it. He also has everybody's eyes. The eyes of the world are on him. So there's so much more pressure. So slowing it down, taking a step back, thinking about all the options, making good choices, asking the people that might help you make those choices, and then moving forward. But you, you know, he doesn't have the luxury of just running around because there's a lot of people looking and watching. What is the game plan when you know that, okay, I've got this job, I don't know what to do with it. Many job offers don't know what to do with it. Money, I don't know what to do with it. family. I mean, there are every major life issue is up in the air for this guy being reborn, right? What do you do? You you you stop and take a breath and then assess all of those things. So, where what's what do you and I think you have to come up with a game plan for each one individually. Okay, so I now have a job. What am I going to do with this? How am I going to keep this? You know, and checks and balances to do that. I want to reconnect with my family. I have to be ready for them not to accept me. I have to be ready to work really hard at it. How am I going to do that? I need to get a house. I need, you know, each thing needs its own kind of checklist. And you're going to start at the top and just go down with the basics, especially with reconnecting with family. They may not want to reconnect with him and he's going to have or they're going to want to reconnect with him because he's going to have money. So, he's going to have to really be prepared that there might be some hurt in there. He's hurt a lot of people. There might be some hurt back. And that's unfortunate, but that's life. And that's the insidious nature of addiction very often. And he's got to prove to people that he's ready to be who he wants to be. Now, you brought up addiction. He has a a history there as well. And he had said to our correspondent Seth Don on the evening news as a recovering alcoholic and and you could see he was just just grasping for it. He said, "All I really want right now is a drink." And you could see there was this really deep internal struggle. And he even mentioned, "I need some kind of anxiety medication because this is too much for me to handle." How is he going to keep himself in check there? Hopefully, he will go to the things that helped him get sober in the first place. So, if that means he goes back to finding sober supports, going to AA meetings, who is a finding a great sponsor, all of the things that are going to help him stay sober, does he need a psychiatrist because he needs some medication? You know, hopefully he won't have people that will take advantage of him. He will really find those people that'll be the insular circle and protect him. Well, one because he had said that he might have one drink. He said, you know what, I can't say I'll never not have another drink again. Would that be enough to put him over the edge? Could be. It could. You know, there are certain people who one drink leads to everything else and there are other people who can handle having one drink. So, it's really the question of the nature of his addiction. And if he is one of those people that one drink will really is the beginning of the slippery slope, why bother? You know, find another way to get that high and get that release because that could really cause him to lose everything he's just received. So, the bottom line, it all boils down to a support system in every facet of his life pretty much. You know, he's got all the stuff he doesn't really know what to do with. So the more people he can surround himself that will help him succeed, the better. Will the all of this media fanfare screw things up in any way for him as well? Does it kind of blow up the picture in any way or just kind of make things look even better than they really are? You know, I think we have it'll be, you know, curious to see what happens when the media goes away because right now he's got to stay on on track and what happens when that goes away. Is he going to be able to do that? Do you think that he'll get potentially less offers with less media following him around? Is he just the new IT guy for 15 minutes, right? This could be his 15 minutes of fame or it could we could maintain it. So, we'll see what happens. We have Lonnie behind. Hi, Lonnie. Sorry. Wanting to jump in. Just back. I'm being you polite. Raise my hand. Lonnie Quinn, we'd like to call on you. Come on out. I've been listening over there because obviously the whole country is talking about this guy. I mean, and we're all Listen, I think we're everybody's rooting for him. He comes across as such a nice guy. That reunion with his mom. He's in tears calling her mommy. It it My question is this, though. Don't you think when he talks about two years being sober, I'm just fearful that he was sober because he didn't have any money to buy any of the drugs or to buy any of the booze and I would say that's true, but unfortunately the homeless community is one of the biggest substance using population. Yeah, you're right. How do they get it? I mean, must be they panhandle, you know, I mean, he was panhandling, so he they panhandle and their money goes to drugs and alcohol first often instead of food. They, you know, they prostitute. I mean, there's so many different ways they steal. There's lots of different ways that they can get it. They barter. So, the fact is is that um I think that he it and I think being on the street it's actually very hard to be sober. So, because you have to dull the pain somehow. So, the fact is is that he was able to stay sober on the street is pretty impressive. This is why she's the expert. It really is. And why I'm sitting in the back raising my hand ask question. We like that question. Hey, and do we do we know was this guy because I saw when he walked in to meet his mom he was wearing like a a fatigue sort of a camouflage jacket. Does he is is he a veteran or does he have a military? Well, he said those were the only clothes he had own he really owns. So that those were the same jeans I know that he wore yesterday the day before just from the pieces that we had. I I don't know about the jacket though. I was just actually Bryce maybe you could look that up for us. Maybe he camouflage jacket. Yes. Yeah, that was what he was wearing in that. No, but was he a veteran? Because I know a lot a lot of vets end up, you know, in in different situations on the street. I think the one thing that I found really striking too is when he greeted his mom. Here's a 53y old man. Mommy, mommy, mommy. child. It was very childlike. And so, so to me, I was I had certainly had a lot of thoughts of, okay, so what psychological issues because a lot of psychiatric patients also end up homeless and on the street. What kinds of and substance abusers because it modulates their mood and so it's they basically self-medicate to feel better. So, I would love to see him get some sort of psychiatric consult because I think that don't you think that's going to be part of the whole somebody's gonna step up there and take care of that to provide him that service because I feel like if we he can kind of stay even in his mood, his chances of success are going to be that much better. The other thing that sort of that uh had an impact on me when they had their reunion, yes, the childlike aspect of of of Ted, but also his mom was kind of stoic almost like she's been through this before. That's what we spoke about. Yeah, we we we were talking about that earlier that the fact is is that I think for family members especially who have substance abusers, there's a there's a point at which you have to put that guard up because how much more can you take? Every time you put yourself out there, if if they go back to using and you try and give and give and give and they can't they can't manage it, I think she's afraid. And so if she opens herself up too much, she could get hurt again. She's 90. Remember this woman is 93 years old. No, she's actually 90. She was very insulted. It was pretty funny. It was funny. She was very insulted. Yeah, I think we reported actually that she was 92. No, no, no. Well, I know on the evening news we said 90. No, but what I'm saying is that's why I think she was probably insulted because the word had gotten out that that's what she was. But even at 90. Yeah. Okay. 90 93. Oh yeah. Let's split some hairs on this one. Well, for the 90 or 93 I would split the fact is that how awesome she is totally with it. She is a strong woman and she has to be careful that she that he he's got to kind of put his money where his mouth is so to speak and really kind of prove it. You know that she said um there was a sound bite that we had a quote that she had on our local newscast where she said, you know, and I'll quote her. She said, "Drugs is a terrible thing. It's destroyed my family." Is this the only one of her children that's been affected by it? I had a feeling from that quote that she was talking about a bigger picture. I don't know. You know, it's a good question. I don't know. And I think the one unsung hero in this is Ted Williams's ex-wife who has really taken care of not only the biological children that they had together. I think they had five or six children together. But she took in the children he had with other women when he was in the heart of his addiction. She or other family members so they didn't end up in the system. That's a pretty dynamite. I mean she's really like the unsung I have to just kind of shout out props to her because I think she's also giving props. We're giving props. Come on. Give some props. But I feel like she's got she's legally blind. She and she and she took all these children and cared for them and they're good, you know, and raised them to be strong willed adults as far as we know. And I just think that that's an amazing person who was willing to take in her ex-husband's other children too to make sure they don't end up in the system. The first time I saw the clip, okay, when that uh the journalist from uh the paper in Ohio, you know, said, "Hey, let me hear that golden voice." I thought it was like dubbed. I thought it was it was I'm like, "What?" Yeah. Sounds like Cousin Brucey from WCBS, right? You know, like that's and he had and he had all the catchphrases from radio. You're listening to oldies 102.3. And my other favorite part of the reunion just before you go is when he all of a sudden was hugging his mother saying, "Mommy, mommy." But he couldn't resist playing announcer and he just got on his knees and broke into the craft commercial that he just done from this morning. Right. Which was really saying, "Be proud of me." Absolutely. He's looking for her acceptance and approval. And that's what that all was was like, "Look what I just did. Aren't you proud? Look, I'm finally making you proud. Sure. And now, I was listening to the Craft commercial. I want to get your opinion and your opinion as well because listen, I'm rooting for this guy more than anything. I do hear his voice in my head more as like a radio announcer. And when I heard it as a voiceover, I don't I it almost it almost didn't feel like the voice of Mac and Cheese. I'm waiting I'm waiting for this. I'm waiting for a movie trailer. Yeah, a movie trailer that the voice of NFL films. I could see that they they they uh they marched into the frozen tundra to take upon the Minnesota, you know, stuff like that. He needs emotion cuz he has a very emotional voice in the gravitas, right? What's so what's so deep about mac and cheese? I got to go upstairs, guys. Don't tell Craft that. You know, it's a very deep food. A lot of metaphysical stuff going on with your mac and cheese. I have multiple tastes. Dr. Hartzine, thank you so much for being with us. I'm so glad we were able to talk about this. Come back again soon. It's always a pleasure having you here. And I hope your feet feel better. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chingon711: the man was dead broke living in a tent under a bridge...why would anybody homeless turn this away!!!! are you friggin kidding me!!!!!!!

- The Psychological Impact of Viral Fame: A Double-Edged Sword: Kind: captions Language: en In the age of social media, the quest for viral fame is more tantalizing and attainable than ever before. While the lure of instant recognition can be compelling, it's crucial to explore the psychological impact this notoriety can have on individuals, viral fame, often achieved overnight through a single post or video, represents a double-edged sword, bringing both rewards and challenges in its wake. To start, one must understand the allure of viral fame. Many pursue it for the perception of success it conveys millions of followers, lucrative brand deals, and the allure of widespread admiration. There is a powerful appeal in the sudden validation and perceived popularity which can elevate one's self-esteem and propel further opportunities. However, with the rewards come distinct psychological challenges. The fleeting nature of viral fame often leads to intense pressure to maintain relevance. This pressure can result in a continuous cycle of producing content at unsustainable rates, ultimately leading to burnout and anxiety. Moreover, the influx of online scrutiny can be overwhelming. Criticism, trolling, and cyber bullying are inherent in such public exposure, contributing to stress and negatively affecting mental health. Additionally, the evolution in personal identity can be profound. Individuals may find themselves crafting an online persona that distances themselves from their authentic identity. This disconnect can lead to confusion, impacting their real life relationships and self-perception. The speedy ascent to fame may also blur the lines between authentic interaction and those driven by ulterior motives as friendships and professional relationships may transform in unexpected ways. In conclusion, while viral fame may promise lucrative rewards and instant recognition, it is accompanied by significant psychological challenges. It is vital for individuals and society to recognize this dual impact. Fostering a more supportive environment that values mental health as much as metrics. Balancing visibility with authenticity remains key. Ensuring that the pursuit of fame does not come at the expense of personal well-being.

- Why Celebrities Are ALWAYS Depressed (Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en how often do you still battle with depression oh I'm always depressed all the time do you feel that you're happier right now than when you're broke or not really sometimes I had to stop because I I had everything and I was absolutely broken inside I so badly want to be Catherine Hudson that I don't even want to look like Katy Perry anymore sometimes okay okay I don't want to be too dark but I genuinely didn't think I would like make it to like 17. you didn't think you'd make it to 17. no from the outside it looks like celebrities have the perfect life but in reality being an A-list celebrity absolutely sucks mental breakdowns addictions depression bankruptcy and sometimes even death but why why is having what everyone else seems to want money and fame always seems to lead to disaster when you're an A-list celebrity that everyone knows you can pretty much say goodbye to going outside when you're in a coffee shop everyone recognizes you and it's not really a pleasant interaction typically for the celebrity because all they see is all these people bothering them for a photo and it's not like these people genuinely want to take the time to get to know them and we all know when we see a celebrity we want to run up to them to get the photo and so if all you're experiencing as a celebrity is like all these people just want to take something from you which is you just want to take the photo they just want to sometimes get your number or whatever it might be it's not a pleasant experience of dealing with human beings is Arvid Ali by the way he's the former president of Jordan Belfort's companies yes the real Wolf of Wall Street and he's the advisor that celebrities pro athletes politicians and the ultra Rich go-to when they want to grow their net worth so he's been very up close and personal with A-list celebrities at first all this attention will seem exciting you're gonna feel validated all these random people want me but after a while it starts to wear you down you can't escape it everywhere you go everyone knows you and wants something from you every little thing you do is being scrutinized in videotapes from the way you eat food to the way you walk to a time you spilled food on your shirt you're always on edge you always have to make sure you're on your best behavior you're not allowed to be in a bad mood Robert Pattinson explained what that's like in an interview with Premier magazine a couple years ago and it does not sound great he said that when he's in Los Angeles he has about 40 seconds from the moment he arrives somewhere before somebody asks for his autograph and you can bet that every Aaron would turn into a Photoshop with strangers to your fans are more like an object than an actual human being basic respect just goes out the door one time he had heart palpitations while on stage and had to be rushed to the hospital as he's being carried in on a gurney his nurse asks him to autograph his electrocardiogram sheet and then there's the paparazzi thank you the Bottom Feeders of the celebrity world whose job it is to trigger you got it away I can't see there are cars there my children please yeah I'm not doing your children you might better keep your hands away from me so what's the solution you literally just don't stuff foot outside you spend your days trapped inside your home alone so naturally they end up just staying at home all day most of them they're sitting on social media watching videos watching Netflix playing video games let's think about that humans were not meant to be locked inside alone in one location all day every day so naturally as a celebrity you're gonna get depressed and anxious 90 of the time they're just sitting at home all day and you know for anybody well it doesn't really matter who you are it's very easy to become not only depressed and have anxiety but just fundamentally your sense of belonging really sort of disappears you really feel quite lonely and you feel as though the only thing that people care about when it comes to you is being able to take a photo with you so that they can brag to their friends but Jake that may be the case but come on even though A-list celebrities have to stay inside all day they've got to be hanging out with all the coolest friends right wrong stay dangerous subscribe for more and this is why celebrities are always depressed [Music] since we're on the subject of famous people do you know what Winston Churchill Leonardo da Vinci and Thomas Jefferson all have in common they all use standing dust why because setting down is actually one of the worst things ever for you I work from home and I find that when I'm sitting down too much it cuts off the circulation in my legs you get that aggressive arch in your lower back your shoulders fold forward giving you an unattractive posture sitting down is just terrible for you which is why I've been using standing desk for over six years now and I've tried a lot of Brands but when I got my hands on feisty spots E7 I fell in love the desktop has pre-drilled holes unlike other brands so you don't need to drill the next thing I noticed is that unlike other brands that have cheap plastic physical buttons flexi spot has this nice touch pad that is super quick and responsive but my favorite part is that the motors are fast most standing desks move really slow which is really annoying when you're adjusting the height all the time like I do this has been one of my favorite investments in my health and if you want to pick one up today is the best day to get it because flexi spot is having a Labor Day sale with up to 50 off products so click the link below to get one now thanks to flexi spot for sponsoring this video when you're at the top you naturally can't trust anyone anymore so say goodbye to making any new friends you have all these people around me just kind of hanging on wanting stuff from me knowing that like I was living this lifestyle that they also wanted to live well what about all their old childhood friends you ask well those that get to the top were usually the weird ones growing up so they probably didn't have many friends those that get to the top also have to be pretty neurotic and obsessive to get there they have to grow a lot as a person so even if they did have any old friends you can bet that they probably outgrew them they have like a friend here they're you know that you have some sort it's usually something related family or family friend that they've known but in terms of like friends you know where you hang out with your friends I would say like probably 99 of them have zero actual friends that they hang out with regularly but come on the male celebrities have got to be banged all the hottest fan girls rights well it's complicated you have to think about it from their perspective like every single girl that you get with as a male celebrity is a risk there's a significant risk that they're gonna try to take a picture with you they're going to try to use it against you somehow and and they want you ideally to become you know their romantic partner so they'll do whatever oftentimes they'll do whatever it takes to try to cause problems so that you can become a romantic partner of theirs but what about the exclusive celebrity parties you ask the ones with all those hot Instagram models another thing that's typically associated with celebrities is like they get to go to all these exclusive influencers celebrity parties and from my understanding you've been to someone I've been to quite a lot of them um and uh it's probably probably the saddest part he's ever been to um it looks really glamorous it's amazing from the outside the houses are just unbelievable and lying and they have like thousands of models and stuff and it's a very dramatic situation but inside the party if you think about it okay so let's say you have like 2 000 Instagram models and you have like 50 male you know top celebrities it sounds like something crazy is going on but practically inside the party what you have is a bunch of Instagram models who are worried to be be photographed doing anything you know wrong basically and you definitely have all those guys who are very worried to be put around doing anything wrong and so everyone's just standing around doing nothing and it's like almost intolerable to me because everyone's just sitting and standing by themselves with these like unbelievably famous people they're just standing around they're not doing anything maybe they're slightly mingling and then I'm like the only person who's just basically you know really trying to pump up the environment and dancing by myself to get people excited but uh yeah I I I uh stop going for a good reason it's not a fun thing to do I do think that there are some more wild parties that you hear about when it comes to some of the tech billionaire guys but in terms of actual celebrities it's very rare but yeah that's as much as I can go into it right now so when you become an Ayla celebrity the only time you're ever going to be leaving your house is to go to work the only time they tend to leave their house I would say is if they have to so for certain musicians artists they have to go on tour which if you guys have ever really seen their videos of going on towards incredibly difficult experience where they can barely sleep they have to go to multiple locations within 24 hours and it's for many months non-stop it's absolutely not pleasant at all for anyone who has to go through that despite the controversies Beaver launched his purpose World Tour in 2017. 150 concerts across 40 countries in 16 months but what fans saw a visibly exhausted pop star on stage Bieber abruptly cancels the Final 14 shows posting on Instagram me taking this time right now is me saying I want to be sustainable I want my career to be sustainable but I also want my mind heart and soul to be sustainable but come on think about all the money Jake Cillian Murphy Just Got Paid 10 million dollars for Oppenheimer alone that movie sucked by the way I will take tens of millions of dollars if it means I just have to stay home and have no friends well think again foreign go hand in hand but that's far from the truth in fact most celebrities quickly end up broke think about it they get one payday and then it's gone most of the time their income streams are very short-lived so that maybe they have a movie that does well or they have one album but it's a very stressful situation because if you've just suddenly made a large sum of income in one short time frame what happens after that short time frame now you're like sitting around and you don't have new income coming in oftentimes they become very financially stressed I've never found a celebrity who's not extremely stressed about their income even the ones that are multi-billionaires or whatever but it's not just the unpredictable paydays it's that in between the unpredictable paydays comes a lot of unexpected expenses That Celebrity will make like 10 million dollars in one year but then the next year their income could go to like literally zero is that correct and it's not just zero it's actually quite in the negative because you know maybe they make the 10 million and then during that time their basic expenses go up so even if let's imagine you're you're not trying to live any sort of lavish lifestyle very commonly you know you'll want to take care of your closest family members like your parents or your siblings or some of your close friends and then your basic minimum expenditure each month even if you're not living lavishly at all and oftentimes you'll find with a lot of celebrities they really don't but their expenses and even whether it's on the paying lawyers paying paying their accountants paying their investors whatever it might be their basic expenses goes up so much during those times when they do make money but the second they stop making money um they're dramatically in the negative Britney Spears paid 17 000 per month just to transport her safely from place to place Johnny Depp spends 150 000 per month on security for his children and he pays another three hundred thousand dollars to pay for his 40 plus other staff members he has multiple million dollars in debts and then there's the lawsuits ah yes when you're well known and people think you have money the pathetic maggots are gonna come trying to sue you for every stupid little reason they can think of and even if they have more than enough money to cover all of this they never feel financially secure even the ones that are worth hundreds of millions of dollars or billions of dollars practically speaking because they usually didn't grow up like you know Ultra Rich they're always thinking about you know what's their actual income it's not this glamorous situation I've never whatever if you're in their shoes it's very hard to break from that habit of stressing about your income and that applies to everyone not just not just celebrities I've never found someone no matter how much money that they have that genuinely feels like they're financially comfortable and safe and that might just be you know sort of a western United States thing that's that's another unfortunate reality they're not living some sort of Lifestyle where they're really happy and they feel like they're super rich and famous it's more like I'm stressed out about my finances and I can't trust anybody and so what do I do functionally the only answer is I'll just sit here at home alone so how do celebrities cope with all the Solitude all this pressure drugs usually a lot of drugs there was a time where I was sipping lean I was popping pills I was doing Molly um you know shrooms everything and it was just an escape for me the reality of situations is you can't as a world expect to break people down constantly and not expect them to want some type of Escape I I don't have a mom I can call I don't have a father I can call I don't have my you know what I'm saying like my like my aunt was the last thing that I had is gone when you're a celebrity you can get access to whatever substances you want which leads to really tragic outcomes we're going to turn now to a major loss in the music world tonight the gifted singer Amy Winehouse found dead in her London home she was just 27 and so many people blogging and tweeting throughout the day today about an almost Eerie coincidence so many young music Stars lost and so many lost the actor Heath Ledger was found dead today in an apartment here in New York City he was just 28 years old the australian-born actor came to huge from dominance after his powerful performance and the film Brokeback Mountain 6 30 they loaded the body of Michael Jackson onto that helicopter and in just a couple of minutes they're making their Final Approach now to County USC Medical Center in the Skies over Los Angeles news crews tracked the helicopter carrying Michael Jackson's body in death the King of Pop just as much a figure of Fascination as he was in life and here's the other irony is that the famous not gonna last forever and when it's over things usually get worse not better from the ones that make it out alive Fame Is Not Gonna Last Forever one day you will turn into a husband for some they stay relevant for a super long time for others their famous short-lived the other big thing is most people who are super famous they don't stay in the spotlight for that long so everyone might know them for many decades later but like your time and your Prime is kind of limited and when it's all over even though the fame might have been miserable they tied their entire identity around this it validated them they tied their entire self-worth around it so when they do become a husband they become even more depressed what does a 32 year old retiree who's worth 100 million dollars spend their days miserable really you're miserable yeah because you know like any athlete right from the ages of six seven years old all we knew was one thing hoop hoop school right who's summer who play what do we know when we haven't had a regular life no matter how much money you have if you don't have it that's why when you when you hear someone they're like yeah my parents still work usually they go searching for the same rush they once had some of them find a healthy Outlets but many don'ts let me answer why do I DJ from 13 to 40 three times a week for an hour and a half I would get adrenaline from people yelling the screen the good yelling bad yelling cheering booing it's just a part of me when I stopped playing I didn't have that I get doses of it I could go on the rest like I go on Nick and sand and I get a little clap but it's only 30 seconds like where's the rest so I went to a concert one time and it was about half a million people that went to Tomorrowland in Atlanta and that feeling came back yeah and I've been DJing since high school since college and I was like I think I can do this because the concept of the DJ and the athlete should be the same this is my concept when a person pays money to see you perform give them a good show okay okay okay being a celebrity is not all it's cracked out to be I see that now Jake so I'll just become a billionaire instead I'll have all the money in the world with none of the fame there well not so fast money without the fame it sounds like a dream come true but in reality billionaires all deal with their own set of insecurities that gnaw at their soul you have a situation where this person is extremely rich you know let's say um at least on paper or whatever it might be and then they get and then they see all these random other dudes especially on the internet who are really famous who aren't nearly as rich and so then they're super jealous and annoyed at all these not you know sort of fake Rich guys out there who get all the fame and the attention and so you have all these sort of billionaires who are typically sad that no one knows who they are it's not like you can walk around the street if you're not a famous you know billionaire as well you can walk around the street and people like you know bow down to you as if they know who you are and they wish they could get some respect from people because they uh there there's some sort of like a big time silent success think about it what if this guy walked past you on the streets would you recognize him of course not he looks like another generic old dude are you gonna run up to him and say how much of a big fan you are of him while he's out on a date with a girl he's trying to impress no but you want to know who this man is that's amancio Ortega The Man Behind Zara with a net worth of 90 billion dollars and here's the thing even if these billionaires wanted to get famous they literally can't it's a it's a big negative for them to be well known um for many different reasons oftentimes it has to do with how they actually became a billionaire but um definitely you know if they become well-known billionaire then they're just going to get sued all day every day by random people um it's very common for them to have to spend tens of millions of dollars you know just protecting themselves from from all these frivolous lawsuits and um it's just not a safe thing for for most billionaires so practically speaking like the odds that you're going to want to be well known is as a billionaire is very low but then at the same time it's this weird irony where you wish everybody knew you and respected you and so um so then you treat everyone kind of uh poorly for lack of better term because you wish they respected you oftentimes but you know they don't so um so so that's that's that's what it's like to deal with billionaires too with just um famous people um it has much more to do with like sort of the coveted loneliness and you almost kind of just feel sad for them and then they're stressed out because they're worried about their income and the billionaires this other thing the the one big overlap is both of them are extremely worried about their income all the time um but uh the type of misery is a little bit different the the celebrity is more like loneliness loneliness misery and the billionaires it's it's more like uh a a yearning for respect um and so so it's not particularly Pleasant dealing with them at least at least from my experiences um yeah obviously they're exceptions you know for for anyone watching this way you know still work with um on uh on the billionaire side but um uh yeah generally speaking this is the case so if extreme wealth sucks if extreme Fame sucks what doesn't suck is there a way to achieve the money in theme without making your life miserable well as it turns out there is a happy medium you can shoot for I think it's great to be narrowly famous within a very specific Niche for example like if you are a YouTuber or if you are even a singer or whatever it might be if you have an audience and it's not even a ideally it's not an insanely large audience like 10 000 people love you so to speak online or wherever those are the people that really have the best situation where they just get to deal with their true fans and they you know they don't really interact with them in person all that much but like their online interactions are nice and then in real life they get to just experience your life whenever they want to and then if they really really want to they can just create some sort of fan specific experience once a year and and have that as a very fun thing to do or something like that but they get to have the best of both worlds in my opinion which is like they get to have a normal real life and not deal with any of the problems and at the same time they know that there's that there's thousands of people out there who do really love them and and their content and uh there's no real downside so so I think that's a nice happy medium but um you never know like if you're just good at becoming famous then you're probably just gonna keep you any more famous I would say that there are two routes that I found that work you really do find some sort of work where you genuinely enjoy the work regardless of the income but it is still you know something that's a profession meaning you really can't make an income from it I've generally found that like you know almost for most professions if you really do like it it's it is very doable to at least you know get into six figures in income let's even say you love doing uh video editing you know you can work for one person as a video editor where you can you know multiply yourself and work for a few people as a video editor so there's always a way to increase your income over time regardless of what profession you really like the same thing with software Engineers same things with with any profession really you can scale yourself ideally to get to a point where you can get six figures that's that's one route the other route I would say is where if you really do just care about money if you can get to a point where your focus is on having a predictable consistent income but you don't have to work that much that's kind of the best route oftentimes that might be that uh you create some sort of business and eventually you you know you hire some people to to take over the work that you're doing but you just scale it to a point where it makes you know however much money is a lot of money practically speaking if you are really focused on just money the better thing to do is is maybe get seven figures and reduce your workload so that you can enjoy the seven figures and the reason why RV was able to come to this conclusion is because he literally had to explore all these different Avenues himself so how do you realize all this like um because you're like super knowledgeable about the celebrity world and the billionaire world and uh this world of like scaling up your income so how did you come to this conclusion I was mostly obsessed since from a very young age to just figure out how I can retire early because I myself was actually depressed since the age of five so my obsession was like okay I hate school I hate I never want to work first went into Silicon Valley and then I was like oh this is cool you know all these young people are getting rich here you know I can get rich as a young person and for me it ended up being I created a consulting firm in Silicon Valley where I served as a consultant to around 50 to 55 super fast growing startups six of them ended up becoming worth well over a billion dollars and I helped a lot of those companies out at the early stages and then after doing the consulting firm I then got into the sort of Hollywood celebrity world just by accident but it was but it worked out for me because I it fulfilled a lot of my requirements I was like okay this is great I can get even richer being in this world of celebrities and I get like these celebrity name attachments to make my parents happy with me so it ended up working out well because there aren't that many people with the Silicon Valley background that that went into the Hollywood space so I had a unique advantage in going in there and helping out a lot of celebrities using all the knowledge that I got from seeing so many Silicon Valley companies do so well and then realize exactly you know what they did right what they did wrong and be able to bring that into the Hollywood celebrity business space and mostly celebrities because they make so much money they have a lot of different businesses that they either create or involved in as an investor and so it was it was an easy transition actually and then from there I ended up sort of thinking like okay this is cool what else am I missing because at that point I was just like I kind of want to just see what other parts of the world or aspects of the world that I'm missing and the rest to me was uh was with both politics and uh with with billionaires so then I uh became an advisor to those groups of people more recently and then after having experienced that then I I fully kind of came full circle where I was like okay uh now that I've seen all that I've ever wanted to see or actually way more than I ever wanted to or needed to see what do I like doing and uh personally the only thing I really feel extremely fulfilled doing is helping other people one-on-one I really don't like you know dealing with large groups of people or corporations or whatever anymore I'd much rather just deal with people one-on-one and be able to help them in a way where it's not so much that like I'm creating some sort of Genius Playbook that everyone should follow type thing it's more just like a real genuine 101 help where I've just seen so much now of what works what doesn't work and seeing what everyone else has tried and being able to translate that into each person's specific situation so in some cases that's in that that ends up being more related to to Growing their income in other cases it ends up being more in terms of personal fulfillment and their relationships but overall I wanted to be able to take all the work I did with advising all these types of people and be able to translate that down into helping as many individuals as I can and I didn't want to do it in a way where it's sort of uh some like Cookie Cutter you know type thing I really want to help every individual one by one myself not like you know have somebody else do it so uh that's why at this point I'm trying to help people through one-on-one calls and I relaunch my my YouTube channel and I want to share as much as I can uh and then hopefully people find Value from it and what I find really interesting is that you know you've taken phone calls from Big corporations for like ten thousand dollars one of our friends pays you around 10K a month just for a monthly phone call but you doing these phone calls with you know people that reach out to you that watch your videos you seem way more animated way more excited about them getting someone to schedule a call and having a chance to help these people one-on-one you know these strangers one-on-one basically is way more exciting and fulfilling than than any phone call I've ever done with any Corporation and it doesn't really matter you know whether a corporation is paying me like 10 or 20 000 per phone call it's not like it doesn't really add anything exciting you know to your life Arvid recently put out a video going over his crazy life story in much more detail than what we could go over in this video so if you're interested in learning more click the card on the screen to watch his video now and after you watch the video if you want to talk one-on-one with them you can book a call with a link in the description of that video

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaketran [152 likes]: 💰 Do you watch YouTube? if you do, here's how to turn your passion into an extra income from YouTube, without ever showing your face or creating the videos yourself: https://l.viralprofits.yt/passion

🖥️ If you want to upgrade your workstation too, don't forget to use my code YTB30 for $30 off on orders over $500.

FlexiSpot E7 standing desk:
 → https://bit.ly/44x2Em8
 → https://bit.ly/44opLPr

Learn more about Arvid’s story in this video: https://youtu.be/bHy4i2lcBa4
  2. @calvinruddock7803 [2 likes]: Mans promoting a standing desk lmao
  3. @xizhorzs [2 likes]: I stopped watching this crap the second you quoted drunk war criminal Winston Churchill. Good bye!
  4. @SpookyBunMum [1 likes]: This video with generalised statements, no nuance, no actual sources, not adressing nepotism, the corruption of billionaires or the fact that our system is stacked against us - not to mention a greasy snake oil pitch at the end. Bad vibes.
  5. @beckymmccaffrey673: It’s lonely at the top
  6. @emilyfvdksvk2629: The more money and fame you have can attract you to many people and fans who only like you from what you can give them. Money does not always equate to good authentic relationships.
  7. @ZyliceLiddell: Another big one: MK Ultra
  8. @duiloh: 17:49 👀
  9. @jasonwhite5107: There's not one celebrity that I'd want to take a picture with or talk to or get their autograph.  Nobody.  I just don't see why anyone over maybe 9 or 10 would.  They're just people who are sometimes talented or nice looking.
  10. @terrancemaulana4058: Fame is the real problem here...i guarantee you if they were just rich but unknown they would be more at peace
  11. @princecharming8125: Celebrity: " I'm a celebrity, I'm a loner, a small inner circle, I ignore everyone
  12. @leonardnenohwe1115: To think we all wanted to be famous at some point .
  13. @OutlawStar87: Standing desks are for diddys victims
  14. @V7788xx: how being a pretty girl feels like. sexual harassment non stop. they always want something from you. you constantly get objectified. you arent treated like a human. im so lonely. i have no one to talk to or to trust. if i try and have a normal a serious discussion, its turned sexual or seen as a joke. i come to this video for some comfort and to feel understood
  15. @j72-x2c: They need God, in there lives
  16. @SopuruchukwuIdoko: They need Jesus in their life
  17. @venturaoctavia: No money in the world can buy PEACE 😌 and PRIVACY. Only having  a relationship with God  can give u true peace and happiness.  Money and Fame can give u  anything material , fans , etc  but it won't give u inner peace and happiness.  These Celebrities are thought to fake it until u make it ..
  18. @mjones4458: Money can't buy happiness     .    And most of them are controlled by hollywood.And cannot roam the streets freely.. . It's not all glitz and glam, that's for sure
  19. @jordon.oneill: 14:56
  20. @JenJackson-t9f: When things get really hard, and i make a huge mistake or lose a job or a friend or worse, it helps me get out of my head and recalibrate to leave the house and go to a store or somewhere, and exist as a person that nobody else knows. The brief anonymity helps me realize that things will pass. I cant imagine not having that.

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- This AI Influencer Makes $50k/mo Selling Amazon Products (Anyone Can Do This): Kind: captions Language: en This AI influencer is making over $50,000 a month selling Amazon products and it doesn't exist. No face, no inventory, no shipping, no ads. And the crazy part, this only took 2 hours to make. In this video, I'm going to show you the exact three-step system I used to build these AI pages from scratch. From how to design a character, how to make it go viral on autopilot, and the monetization play that nobody is talking about that turned this into a 50K a month machine. Let's get into it. Before we get into picking the right products or going viral, your entire business is built on top of one thing. Picking the right character. When you search on YouTube for others showing you how to create these AI influencers, everyone forgets the most important part, which is the design of the AI influencer itself. [music] Think of your character as an asset. If your character is forgettable, your page is forgettable. If your character is original, the page becomes a real brand. The niche I'm running right now is health, specifically supplements, because the audience actually has money to spend and the pain points are repeatable. The target audience is US women 35 to 55. Moms engage harder with health content and they're going to actually buy. Don't clone what already exists. Find a winning archetype, then add a twist. It could be a visual element. It could be adding a different niche. It could be the way she looks. It could be the setting. It could be anything. The goal is that when someone scrolls past her, they don't want to think, "Oh, here's another AI grandma." You pretty much want to do everything to differentiate your character from all the other AI avatars that are out there right now. At the moment, there's basically every character on their son that already exists. There's AI grandmas, there's AI monks, different ethnicities, characters from Italy, characters from Russia, characters from literally all these different countries. So, you have to do everything to actually make your character stand out. So, when I'm trying to make a new character, I'm thinking about how can I take a winning character and just add a few more visual elements to make her different. Maybe she has cute rosy cheeks. Maybe she's wearing glasses. Maybe she's wearing mittens. Maybe she has a different colored hair than another character that's working. You can literally do anything to make your character stand out. You just have to be creative. So, one of my friends had a winning Japanese grandma avatar, and I literally took that character archetype, turned it into a Korean grandma. I made her cuter. I made her more visually appealing and I just made her a better avatar. So you can literally just take what's working, add your own creative twist and spit [music] something out. So once you've locked in your character, the actual production stack is way simpler than you think. You don't need a video team. You don't need editors. You literally just need three tools and 2 to three hours a day and that's it. So now I'm just going to walk you guys through my full workflow looks like for the day. And you guys are going to be blown away with how simple this is. So the first thing you're going to do is just look for inspiration content. This can literally take you anywhere from 15 minutes to 30 minutes, however long you really want to spend. But all you're doing is really looking for 10 videos that went viral in the past 24 to 48 hours. And then you're going to take those videos and those are going to be the videos that you're going to recreate for the day. So right here you can see on my screen I'm on my account of one of my AI avatars and my account is already warmed up to all these different AI avatars. So you can see right here if I unmute this video, this is a perfect example of water >> of what a winning AI avatar video looks like. Essentially, you can see that this has 12K likes. It's performing really well. 840 comments. So, this is a video that I could literally just take this script and I'm going to download that script and I'm just going to rewrite it for my character. I'll just keep scrolling here to show you guys basically like once you kind of create the right algorithm, the algorithm literally feeds you all the content. So, I can literally come on here, scroll for a few minutes every single day, find three videos, take those three videos, rewrite them, and we're good. So, what I'm going to basically do here, let's say I want to take this and rewrite this video. So, I'm going to copy this off Instagram reels. I'm going to go to a free reels downloader up here. I'm going to just take this, paste this into IG reels, get the transcript for this video, and then the next thing I'm going to do is go to Claude and just rewrite the script for my character. Okay, so now that I've got my script right here, I'm just going to copy this. I'm going to go over to Claude, paste it in, and we're going to rewrite the script. Okay, so now I'm going to do is I'm going to go over to one of my chats right here. I'm going to say, can you rewrite this script and just swap the pain point and the remedy? And then say, give me five options. And then I'll just paste the script right below it. And just like that, we're basically going to rewrite the script in less than like 30 seconds. So going back and looking at the original script right here, you can see it says, "If you stopped wearing crop tops or belly shirts because you are embarrassed of your stretch marks, so that means that the pain point is stretch marks." And then the remedy right here is going to be instant coffee, half a cup of baking soda, added egg white. So basically what we're doing is just taking this winning framework and swapping stretch marks and the remedy to fix these stretch marks. So the options that Claude gave us are dark underarms with lemon paste, cracked heels with coconut scrub, dark knees with elbows, facial hair, chickpea mask. I can literally pick any of these. I actually like option five right here, which is yellow teeth and banana peel. So I'm going to just say option five. So boom, just like that, you can see that Claude gave us an exact new script. And this is basically Andy 20. So all we did is we took a winning framework and we swapped the painoint and the remedy. So it says, "If you stop smiling wide in photos because you were embarrassed of your yellow teeth, this remedy will brighten them in 30 minutes." So you can see right there, it swapped the stretch marks to yellow teeth, kept everything else the same, kept the CTA the same, and just swapped the painoint the remedy. Okay, so now that you have your script, the next thing you want to do is create your images for each scene of your AI avatar's video. So, all I'm going to say to Claude right here is literally just create me the image prompts for each scene of the video. Now, you guys can see here my Claude is basically already trained on my full workflow. So, when you start doing this whole entire workflow for the very first time, there's going to be a lot of upfront work you have to do. But Claude is just so smart that's going to fully understand everything. So when you say I need image prompts, when you say I need to rewrite this script, when you say I need a script specifically for Higsfield, or an image prompt for Higsfield, it already knows what you want. So you basically have to do super minimal prompting. So right now it's asking me for what character is this for just because I'm working on a lot of different characters. So I'll just say that this character is for grandma or I'll say it's for Marta Yodar, which is one of my older characters. Okay, as you can see here, it basically already gave us all of our image prompts for the video. So, it says right here, Hook, which is just going to be the character probably standing in a kitchen with all the ingredients. The next one's going to be the remedy setup, her smashing the banana peel, adding the baking soda, adding lemon juice, mixing it all into a paste, and then the finished product. So, next, what you're going to basically do is take each of these image prompts, put them into Higsfield with Nano Nano Pro, and generate the image for each parts of the scene for your video. So, now what I'm going to do is I'm going to just take this image right here. I'm going to copy this, and I'm going to go over to Higsfield. Okay. So, all I'm going to do now is just paste in my script directly from Claude and I'm going to just generate three variations of this character. So, you can see at the bottom I have Nano Banana Pro 9x6 2K resolution and then I'm going to make four images here just so I can pick whichever one looks [music] the best because one thing you want to make sure of when you're generating your images is your video starts with the images. if you have a bad image and then that could result in a bad video. And the last thing you want to do is when you're editing your whole entire video, you see an error that literally was just from you being too lazy at the beginning when you're creating your images. So the images are the most important step of your video. So as you can see in the prompt right here, it says using the same character in the reference image. So whenever you're prompting, you also want to make sure you're using a reference image of your character for character consistency. And so that always uses the same face. So now I'm just going to hit generate. Okay. So, as you can see, Higsfield just gave us our first four images for the hook image. Now, I basically go through and pick whichever one I like the most. Basically, out of these three right here, looks like this one's still generating. I like this one. She looks super clear, hyper realistic. You can clearly see the yellow teeth in front. The only thing I don't like is this is a little bit blurred. But basically, what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to create each of your scenes for your image until you get a result that you like. Again, you want to make sure that each of your images are as good as they possibly can be because that's the foundation of your whole entire video. So, for example, I like this one. So, I would keep this video or I keep this image. I would delete the other three just so I can see like the full timeline of my video inside of Higsfield before I move on to animating all my images. So, now I would just repeat the process for all of my other image prompts right here. So, I take the remedy setup prompt right here, go back to Higsfield, generate that. I do the action for mashing the banana peel, adding the baking soda, adding the lemon juice until I have the image for each scene of the video. Now, for the sake of time, I'm not going to make a full video in this step by step, but basically the process is again, you make each of your images just like this. And then I'm going to show you how you make your animation prompts, which you take over to Google Flow and you animate all of them there. So, what you're going to do now is just tell Claude, "Write me my animation prompts for this video." And just like that, it's literally going to give you the prompts for each of your images to animate those inside of Google Flow. So, as you can see right here, it literally has our scene. So, it's going to describe what the character is doing and the dialogue with the script. So, it says, "If you stop smiling wide in photos because you are embarrassed of brighten them in 30 seconds." And all of the voice design and voice creation and lip sync is literally done in Google V3. So, you're basically just taking this prompt right here attached to your image and you animate it. Super simple. So, I'll just show you guys exactly what this looks like just for our hook image. So, I'm going to copy this. I'm going to go over to Google Flow, paste this in right here. I'm going to go back to Higsfield, download this image first, and then I'm going to just put it inside of Google Flow, animate it, and that's the first clip of our video. And you basically just make each of your single clips, and then just edit them all together in Cap Cut. And that's a finished video. I'm going to take this image and just put it in my little Dropbox up here. Go over to Google Flow. Drop this in here. And once this is downloaded, I can just add this to the prompt. So now you can see that I loaded my image from Nano Pro and Higsfield into Google Flow. So I'm going to just go right here and double click and hit animate. It's going to add it right below. I just got to paste in my prompt again. And literally all I'm going to have to do is click on video down here. Make sure it's video frames 9x6 VO3 fast 8second clip. And I just hit generate. [music] So now I'm going to generate the first clip for this. And then after this is done, I'm going to do it for the next image and the next image for all scenes of my video. And again, you just take that to Cap Cut, stitch it together, and that's a finished video. And I'll show you guys what that looks like right after this. Okay. So, you can see right now, V3 just finished our first clip. So, I'm going to click on it. >> If you stop smiling wide in photos. >> Okay. So, that's basically perfect. So, now what you're going to want to do is just go ahead and do that for each of the scenes of your video and then again, stitch them all together. So, I'm going to show you what a finished video looks like. So, I'm actually go over to my Marta Yoda Facebook page right here. Refresh this just so you guys can see. This is actually one of my pages. And this is what a finished video looks like right here. This one has 548,000 views. And I can click on this >> coffee grounds on your >> And this is basically what a finished video looks like. A great video that's got 5 and a half thousand comments. >> And each of these scenes were um a video that I basically had to animate. So this was like an original video for the hook. >> What happens mix >> and then this was a separate image right here. >> Two tablespoons of ground paste. [music] And >> and then this again was another image of her rubbing in the remedy. And then right here is just another image of her mixing it all together. And I did the exact same process I just explained to you guys. Threw some captions over it, tossed it up on Facebook, and now it has hundreds of thousands of views and has got me thousands of followers. So now you've got a character that actually stands out and a workflow that pumps out content in hours instead of days. But the reason most of these AI pages flatline isn't the character is that they completely misunderstand how virality works in 2026. Let me show you exactly what separates the pages doing 50K a month to the ones that are stuck at 200 views. Here's what nobody tells you about going viral. It's not luck. It's not the algorithm gods. And it's definitely not just keep posting, bro. Virality is just like any other workflow. The pages that win are ones that repeat a proven process every single day. They have the same framework, the same standard, but they just have better execution than everyone else doing the same thing just lazily. And this is the exact part of the game where 90% of the people lose. People treat virality like a lottery ticket. They post three random videos a week and hope that they just blow up. Really, the most important thing in this content game is going to be volume and being able to post as much as you possibly can. When I was doing talking and content 2 years ago, it was still the exact same thing. I would post three to five videos every single day. Never miss a video no matter what. The pages doing real numbers are focusing on quantity and quality at the same time. If you can post two, three, five times a day and still do as much quality as you can, you are going to outperform everybody else that just gets three videos out a day, halfasses, it basically is just not going to see any results. You're basically shooting yourself in the foot if you're going to halfass a video, maybe spend only half an hour on it, knowing that you didn't put in as much effort as you could have because what's the point of spending all this time making these videos for them just not to perform? Whereas you could just make three videos a day. Three videos a day. That's it. That's probably the number I would recommend to do. You should be making sure that those three videos are the best possible videos you can make because that video could get 20,000 views if you put like a half an hour into it versus if you put an hour into that and you know it's the best possible content you can make. That could get a million views. And a million views is going to make you so much more money than if you just spent 20 minutes making a really shitty video. So, to summarize basically what I'm saying right there, you need to make sure you're putting out the highest quality content you can and the highest quantity you can a day. Three videos a day. Make sure they are the best three videos you can make cuz there's no point in just rushing three videos because they're going to perform poorly. You need to make sure you're spending time making good quality content at a consistent rate. And the third point I'm going to make here is that most of these accounts are posting AI slop with generic content, generic recreates. They're literally taking viral videos, not changing the script, not swapping the painoint, not swapping the remedy. They might find a character that's working like the AI monk character that was going so viral. Everyone that took that character and posted the same thing was seeing literally subpar results. So, you have to stand out. You have to put in more time to make your character stand out. And that is the only way you're going to win in this game. The reason our students can pull 50K a month and someone with the exact same tools can only pull zero is because the standard is non-negotiable. Three videos a day minimum, but every single video has to be the best quality content you can produce that day. Not just three rushed videos just to stay consistent and check the box. So, here's the framework that actually works and the part that most gurus leave out. Now, real quick before I get into the monetization piece, I've been able to work directly with people who want to build these AI pages and help pick the niche, build the character, and set up their entire workflow until that page is actually earning money. I've had students who failed at drop shipping, trading, all the stuff I failed at first, too. Now, running pages making 5 figures a month. If that's something you want, the application link is in the description. Now, let's talk about how to actually monetize. Because even if you're averaging a h 100,000 views per video, that doesn't mean you're going to be earning $10,000 a month just yet. >> [music] >> Most people running AI influencer pages do it the same way. They create a viral influencer, but they're only earning through what Tik Tok and Instagram pay them, which is as little as 10 cents per 1,000 views. The real money isn't in the partner programs or even the affiliate commissions. It's by having direct brand deals. If you're doing basic Amazon associates, you're literally going to only earn like 1 to 5% commission on random Amazon products. A $30 supplement at 3% is literally 90 cents a sale. You would need thousands of conversions a month just to clear 5K. Amazon is reactive. You only make money when someone buys through your exact link within the cookie window. Brand deals are proactive. The brand pays you to post and then gives you bonuses for clicks and conversions. If you don't switch to direct brand deals, here's the ceiling you're going to hit. You're capped by Amazon's commission percentage pretty much forever, no matter how many views you get. That's why I've built a funnel that actually scales, and I'm going to walk through it live so you can copy it exactly. So, the first thing you do is just post a video featuring a product in your niche. Once someone comments under their post, they're going to get an autodm, which is going to send them the product information. Manyhat or meta automations catches every single comment and then auto DMs that user. The DM sends them to your tracked Amazon Associates link. Amazon Associates is only being used for tracking. Then at the end of the month, you take that data to the brand directly. The brand pays you a flat retainer per post, plus bonuses for clicks and conversions. For example, one of our students did a h 100,000 clicks for a brand that we work with inside our community and received a $32,000 bonus. So, let me explain a little bit more why brands actually pay this way. Brands want to see proof of traffic before they cut a check, which is why the associates tracking is your leverage piece. Once they see your page convert, they're going to renew at higher rates and give you higher bonuses. Multiple pages equals higher income streams. The more pages you can run, the more brands you can work with. And once page is dialed in, you spin up another one in a different niche and you stack pages. So, that's the actual blueprint and the difference between an AI page that makes a few hundred per month and one that makes $50,000 a month. I genuinely believe this is one of the only business models in 2026 that you can run up with no face, no inventory, and from literally anywhere in the world. And right now, the window is still open because most people are either too lazy or too distracted to execute this properly. If you want me to walk you through this oneonone, the application is in the description. I've already been able to help out people like Quincy, who literally started from zero and now has pages at hundreds of thousands to millions [music] of followers. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @PostPurchaseUpsells [4 likes]: Cal, got two questions for you.
1. Should we get a vpn or a seperate phone to make it look like we are from the usa?
2. How can you get a consistent voice inside of veo 3?
  2. @lmr2025 [1 likes]: Can people outside the US create Instagram accounts normally in their own country (like Brazil, for example) and still get the same video reach, similar to how YouTube distributes content internationally, or do they need to use a proxy?
  3. @czechlolreplays4822 [1 likes]: bro show me at least one big account like this is yours. You are using just accounts of people who are doing it, and you promote some your scammy courses broo
  4. @CJmyway88 [1 likes]: When posting from overseas, do you use a usa vpn? What’s the best account setup
  5. @PrehistoricHominidHistory [1 likes]: How do you keep the characters voice consistent in veo 3. Is google flow veo a paid tool Or free?
  6. @inessaran [1 likes]: I love all your videos and value that you sharing but struggling with the consistency of voice when making in Flow, can you share how you fix that?
  7. @StarShifts-j7o: Can anyone give me the prompt
  8. @AlexanderFallaria: Hey Calkramer, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  9. @MichaelMwongeraa: love
  10. @VintageHollywoodVault: what about voice consistency in every video? how do you do that?
  11. @zayzzogamer8992: But be careful, you don't know its quality and you're just trying to sell it, it becomes like lying to people.
  12. @levikov: the chosen one
  13. @carsonthompson6062: would you say what you use Claude for in this video you can use GROK instead?
  14. @MoneymanExplains: Is there a free version to generate these ai personas
  15. @Thinkpadmediaagency: Clarity bro, thanks.  you earned a sub
  16. @futurama45345: great video bro, can you pls make a video how to setup claude. Thanks
  17. @financeeveterann: Bro one thing about facebook, my pages don’t get pushed to the algorithm at all (i mean not even 100 views). Is there any warm up process i should do to make it pushed 😢please
  18. @steph_nyc: Also, any reason why not generating the images directly in Flow, since you're also using Nano Banana in Higsfield? I didn't know this website and I see it can be connected to Claude, is that the reason?
  19. @steph_nyc: I think I'm going to join the program. I have one question tho. For the editing of the video you mention Capcut or any over video editing software...but why not using the Sequence option in Flow when all the scene are created, since that's the purpose of it. Any reason why not to do it that way?
  20. @price8061: instantly lose all credibility when I see you're selling a course

- i make $36,591/mo posting YouTube Shorts (just copy me): Kind: captions Language: en I made over $36,000 in a single month posting faceless YouTube shorts. And in this video, I'm going to show you step by step my complete strategy that allowed me to scale to hundreds, even thousands of dollars a day, posting faceless AI YouTube videos. Now, this was just a single month. You can see this channel did over 500 million views, getting 24 million views in a single day with $36,000 in revenue that month. And if I blow this up to the last year, has made $239,000 in profit. So, I'm going to show you the full a toz system that I would use as a beginner if I wanted to start a brand new YouTube shorts channel in 2026 and scale it from 0 to $10,000 a month as fast as possible. So, we're just going to get straight into it. Step one is you need to find a good faceless YouTube shorts niche with a very high RPM. And this part's really important and I'll talk a little bit more about that in a second. Now, I'm not going to give you a big list of niches or anything like that. I'm just going to show you the exact niche that I think is the best possible niche you can start as a beginner in 2026. And that niche is the commentary niche. This is basically where you take a video that you steal from like Instagram, Tik Tok, another social media platform, and you re-edit it by adding some captions, you do a script, you provide extra context and educational value, and you do some editing like adding pop-ups, arrows, things like this to make it more engaging. So, it's a very simple niche, but it's very, very effective and gets crazy high RPMs. An RPM is basically just how much money you get paid per 1,000 qualified views. You can see this is a commentary video I posted that got 6.3 million qualified views with a 27 cent RPM. So for 6.3 million qualified views, I got $1,700 in payouts. And here's one more that got 14 million views and made me $2,400 in profit. And you can see the revenue on this one had a 31cent RPM. So for 7.9 million qualified views, I made 2.4K in profit. So, that's why I love the commentary niche because the RPMs are just consistently better than almost every other niche on YouTube Shorts, meaning you don't have to get as many views to make good money. Now, what's awesome about this niche, though, it's crazy how many views these videos get. Here's another channel that's doing really well right now in this niche. You can see he's posting about three or four videos a day and literally getting hundreds of thousands or millions of views every time he posts. Like, here's a video from 4 days ago that's at 8.3 million. This is a video from 4 days ago that's at 2.5 million. So, before we get into account setup and all that stuff later in the video, I'm just going to start by showing you exactly how to make these videos in literally 3 minutes. First thing you want to do to make these videos is you need to find an inspiration channel to kind of steal video ideas from. So, as you can see, this is a really good channel to take inspiration from because they have over 5 million subscribers and are clearly really, really good at finding video ideas. This is another good account, the one I just showed you. They are popping off right now getting hundreds of thousands or millions of views a video. So, you can look at all these different accounts for inspiration and go find more. Once you watch a bunch of their videos, your entire feed is just going to start feeding you tons and tons of these commentary videos. Now, once you find some inspiration channels with good commentary videos that you want to kind of steal and recreate, you need to find outliers. Outliers are just videos on their channel that did way better than average. So, you can see this channel right here, they're averaging hundreds of thousands of views a video and then boom, this video right here got 10 million. That's an outlier because it did way better than average. their average views is like 300,000 and this got 10 million. So, this is a really good clip because it did way better than their average video. One more trick with this is you want to look for clips that are like 5 to 6 months old. This is really important because if you try to use all the same clips that they've been using just recently in the last couple of weeks, they're not going to perform because everybody else is doing the same thing. Everyone like you and I is looking at these big channels and using all their same recent clips. So, they're not going to perform as well. So, you want to look for the big outliers from like 6 to 12 months ago because those ones haven't been used on YouTube shorts in a while. So, these are going to be the best clips possible. All right. So, once you find a viral clip that you think is a good outlier, you can see this one was posted a year ago and has 33 million views. So, I think this is going to be a pretty solid one to use. You're going to want to basically steal the original clip that they used and just add your own captions and editing and script on top. So, the way to find the original clip is to just screenshot the first frame of this video and then go over to Google right here and click on the little lens icon. And then you're just going to upload that screenshot and Google is going to go and reverse image search this and find other similar things on the internet. So, you can see here it went and found me a bunch of the original clip right here. There's so many of them. And just like that, I was able to find the original clip right here. Now, as you can see, the original clip does have some some captions on it already, which means we're going to have to get rid of those in a second, but I'm going to show you how to do that. Now, this is where we get into the video editing process. So, to do the video editing, remove the captions, all that kind of stuff, we're going to do that on Viblo.ai. This is a very powerful tool that allows you to do pretty much all the editing using AI and just streamlines the entire process. And the other cool thing about Viblo is that they also give you a bunch of free credits. So you can sign up for free, start using it, and start generating some videos for your channel before you actually have to pay for anything. So it allows you to kind of get started right away for free. So I'll leave the link to Viblo in the description so you can go find it. Now remember, once you're in Viblo, the first thing we need to do is before we can edit this, we need to get rid of the captions on the original clip cuz even the original clip has some captions on it. So the way we're going to do that is just go to the watermark remover section right here. You won't have to do this every time, right? Because some clips you'll find the original and it won't have any captions. But in this case, we're just going to go to the watermark remover and we're just going to copy the link of our original clip and just paste it in right here and hit go. And what this is going to do is download the clip and it's actually going to allow you to click remove watermark. And this will just start removing the captions for you. So it just finished and as you can see all the captions are completely gone. There was a bunch of captions up there in the original as you can see and they are just completely gone. And you can see it's kind of a little bit fuzzy where the captions were because it's used AI to to regenerate that part of the footage, but it is almost impossible to tell. Like it is literally nothing there. It's pretty insane. So then you can just go ahead and download this clip. And now we're ready to use it to actually edit the video. Once you've downloaded the clip, then you're going to go to the video commentary section right here on the sidebar. And then you can just upload that clip that you already removed the watermark from. And as you can see, I've now got this in my editing environment, and I can do some work on it, like trimming it, choosing which part of the clip I actually want to include. In this case, I'm not going to trim this at all because I'm just going to look at what my inspiration clip did. This guy got 33 million views with this clip. So, I'm going to edit it exactly like he did, and he just kept it exactly like the original and just added some scripting and a little bit of editing on top, like some arrows. So, we're going to do the same thing. So, I'm not going to trim this at all, but in general, you would trim this down to just use the parts of the video that you want to use. Now, from here, you can also add some sound effects as well. So, you could go in here, add like, you know, the vine boom, that's a super popular one, and, you know, put that where you want it on the timeline. Once you've got your clip set up, you're happy with it, you've chopped it up to the parts that you want, you're going to click next, and this will take you to the next step, which is writing your video script. I like to kind of steal the script of the original creator. So, I'm going to copy the link of his video and then I'm going to go over to this website, YouTubecript.com, and I'll just paste in that original clip that I'm taking inspiration from, and just hit get free transcript. As you can see, this will go get the entire script of this video. So, you can just copy it. And then you're going to head over to Claude AI and ask it to just rewrite this script in the exact same tone and style. And then you're just going to paste that in. And it's going to give you a totally brand new script that you can use, which is essentially very similar to the original, but just rewritten a bit so that it's not quite the same. Added it in right here. You're just going to click next. And from here, you're going to choose the captions that are going to kind of read out the script and what you want them to look like. Now, I always there's there's a ton of templates in here, but I always go with random color. This is the style that I use on all my commentary videos. And then I turn the stroke setting up to about here. You can see that adds that black border around the edge so that it's way easier to see. So I turn it up to about kind of like 3/4 of the way. And that's pretty much it. And you can see that looks really good. You're going to click next. And this will take you to the next step which is adding the shapes. You can see our inspiration clip. You know, he opens the video by adding an arrow. The reason you do this is it makes the clip more transformative so that it's monetizable and it just makes it more engaging so the viewer knows what to look at and it sucks their eyes in right away so they're looking at the right part of the video. So, I usually use arrows and circles. Those are the two shapes that you'll see uh commentary videos will use a lot. You'll see they'll start with either a circle or they'll start with uh an arrow. So, we're going to do the same. We're just going to start with an arrow just like our inspiration clip did. So, I'll just click arrow. And then what you can do is you can click shape drag and turn that on. And this will allow you to position this where you want on the video. So, I'm just going to put this kind of right around here and point at the kid just like he did. And then we're going to actually set the end time of this uh arrow to end at the 2C mark. Now the arrow just shows up quickly and disappears. And you can add as many shapes as you want any timeline in the video. And once you're happy with that, you just click next to move on to the final step, which is audio. And for audio, you're just going to choose the voiceover voice that's going to read out your script. Personally, I usually use Adam. Then I usually turn off background music because I usually like to just add background music in the actual YouTube app when I post the video. And now we're pretty much good. So you can just click generate and your video is done. All right. So now that you know exactly how to make viral commentary videos, I'm going to show you how to actually set up your channel and make sure it is warmed up and branded correctly so that you go viral as fast as possible. Now when you start a brand new YouTube channel, it's not warmed up. And if you just post videos, you're going to get zero views on every single one. So what you need to do is warm up the channel and just use the channel like a normal person. So the way you do that is just go over to the shorts feed on your new channel and just scroll. Just use the app, scroll, watch videos, you know, comment on some stuff. So, find some videos you like and comment on them every time you see a commentary video. Subscribe to those commentary channels that you see cuz you'll be surprised. There we go. Literally, as I say that, the next video is a car commentary channel on a brand new uh channel. I'm not even signed in. This is just an incognito tab. So, this is basically how you warm up the channel. You're going to do this for about 30 to 60 minutes on day one. And then you're going to do the same thing on day two. You don't post any videos yet. you just scroll and watch some videos for about an hour for about 2 days. You do an hour on day one and an hour on day two. Once you've warmed up the channel by watching some videos, you need to make sure that it is set up correctly. And the way you do this is by going to settings in the bottom left corner of your channel and then just clicking on channel right here and then clicking on feature eligibility right here. And this is how you know if your channel has any issues before you start posting. So you just need to make sure that standard features is enabled. This will be enabled for everyone by default unless you're using an old channel that you previously had that for some reason has some sort of violations on it. So just do a double check to make sure your channel has standard features enabled. And then in intermediate features will not be enabled by default. These will show as eligible. So for intermediate features, it's really simple. All you need to do is make sure you're green up here and have standard features on and then you have to verify your phone number. Now, I recommend doing this because by connecting your phone number to the channel, you are going to show YouTube that you're a real person. It it makes it so much more legitimate and it helps boost your trust score with YouTube so that they will trust your channel more and they want to push it out to new viewers and give your initial videos the most views possible. So, now that the channel is warm and you fully set it up, you need to set up the branding for the channel. And I'm going to walk through what good branding for a commentary channel looks like. This is an example. This is not a real channel. I just cooked this up to show you an example of what good branding would look like. Use a very simple banner, something like this. You could make this in Canva in like 5 minutes that just says like subscribe for, you know, a smoothie or just say like subscribe with a smiley face. Like, do not overthink this. This should take you 2 minutes to make a banner like this in Canva for free. So, just cook up a simple banner like this. Then, you're going to use a profile picture of yourself with a Snapchat filter on it. The reason we do this is because again, it makes your channel way more legit in the eyes of YouTube. They see a real person's face and not some weird AI logo. So many people use logos as their channel. That is not a good move. You want to make sure that you use your own face, but you can put a filter on it so that people can't really recognize you, right? If people were scrolling, they would never know that this is me. But this is like some weird Snapchat filter that I used to just take a weird photo of my face and use that as my profile picture. I was literally lying in bed and took this weird AI selfie and used that as my profile picture. From there, you're going to choose a channel name. Don't over complicate this. Choose a random channel name in like 5 minutes. I AI generated this name. Just go to chatbt, come up with a random name for yourself. My only advice is just make sure you don't put a bunch of numbers and symbols in the name. You want to do a name like this where it's like clear and just like straightforward. So, at this point, you now know how to make videos step by step in a high RPM niche and you have a warmed up, fully set up channel. So, now what you need to do is actually post the videos, and you need to follow a very, very clear, strict posting structure in order to make sure that your videos get pushed out as much as possible. This is the exact posting framework that I use to scale channels from 0 to $500 a day in literally 2 weeks. Now, before we get into the actual posting schedule, the first thing I want to say is that time of day does not matter. As long as you don't post in the middle of the night when everyone's asleep, you want to post while the US is awake. So, from like 5:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m., you can post totally fine. There is no perfectly optimal time of day to post a YouTube short. But what is important is that you don't post too close together. If you are posting multiple shorts in a day, for example, you post three videos in one day, you do not want to post three videos at the same time or within the same hour. spread them out and make them evenly distributed throughout the day. That is all that matters. So, if I was going to post two shorts in a day, I would post one in the morning and one in the evening to spread them out throughout the day. However, when you first start out, you will not be posting twice a day. You will be posting once a day for the entire first week. This is really important because again, we're still warming up the channel here. If you just post 10 times a day on a brand new channel, you will get zero views. You will get shadowbanned or even completely actually banned from the platform for spamming. So, you need to just start by posting one short per day for the first week. Now, once you've done one short per day for the first week, you can move to two shorts per day for the second week. So, this is really straightforward. On week two, for all of week two, you're just going to post two shorts a day. Now, from here, in week three, this is where things change a little bit. You're still going to post two shorts a day. You don't want to jump up yet. You're your channel is still getting warmed up. So, for all of week three, you're still only going to post two of these commentary videos a day. One in the morning, one in the evening. Now, once you get to week four, so you've been running the channel now for a month. Now, for week four, you can move up to posting three of these commentary videos a day and really starting to scale up the channel here. However, this is where it changes even more. Now, momentum is the biggest thing here. You can't just go past three posts a day once you get to week five. You need to make sure that your channel is actually growing as you've been increasing how much you post. So, the way you do that is by looking at your real time chart in your channel dashboard. This is one of the first things you'll see on the YouTube homepage when you log in from a computer. It will show you your channel's realtime views. This is how many views you've gotten in the last 48 hours on your channel. And this refreshes every like 3 seconds. And the reason we look at this is because it indicates how much momentum your channel has. Is your channel growing or is it declining and losing momentum? Right? So, my rule of thumb is that I will never post more than three times a day on a channel until I hit a million real-time views. Until I'm getting a million views every 48 hours on the channel in my real-time graph, I will because you don't have enough momentum to support that many views and you could end up shadowbanned. So, you don't want to post more than three times a day until you have at least a million real-time views in the last 48 hours on your channel. Now, once you hit a million real time, you can technically go up to five posts a day, but I never go beyond this. This is kind of my cap. So, you don't have to. I want to make that clear. You can stay at three posts a day forever. I have plenty of channels where I've just stuck at three posts a day forever. But for those of you guys who really want to scale fast and get results as fast as possible, as soon as you hit that million view real-time threshold, you are going to start posting five times a day. And this is good forever. You can hit 20, 30k a month with shorts and never post more than this. And with that said, that is my full framework for a beginner to get started with YouTube shorts. So, if you do everything I showed you in this video today, there is no reason you couldn't have a channel 3 or 4 weeks from now that's easily pulling millions of views and maybe already monetized and making you Money.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vibe2memes [1 likes]: Only one thing i could tell you guys. Don't waste your time on it and do something else instead of stealing content
  2. @imnotintoshortguys [1 likes]: Hey guys! Im planning to do this, can any one of you who has already started tell me if the websites used are all free and unlimited? Or do they require a subscription or something like that? Thanks in advance! ❤
  3. @VegetaRanks [1 likes]: ive gotten a total of 0, 3 and 4 views on my account so far, aged account too
  4. @DailyWidsomfromtheBible: Thanks for the information.
  5. @Astrasvault: Guyss i have tried alot but it just doesn’t seem to work for me… what am i doing wrong😢😢
  6. @MrM-790: I’m a small creator thank you for sharing
  7. @zeydabderraoufHouadji: Goooooood ❤
  8. @YasirMalik-s5b: So this is the trending niche😂
  9. @Trendavox: niceee, thankyouu
  10. @TheGalaxyGliders: Can you make tutorial on the singing commentary niche? I could not a song on Audio part due to existing despite not being there and found on YouTube.
  11. @DragonWarrior-o7j: love your videos mate, hey look your videos isnt reaching many pepole i can help you fix that, i have worked with big creators like farfromweak
i can make you a free thumbnail for your next video so you can see the diffrence i can bring
  12. @IronFlex-t3m: Bro how to shoutout 0 views problem please help me 😭
  13. @3xcpo460: Good luck to all of us who is trying our best
  14. @Noure-allaoui: خطة فاشلة لا تنجح مع اليوتيوب
  15. @alexeditz-e8j: What happened how increase your 1b views 😮😮
  16. @mustydaily-w: I need a channel editor who is part of the YouTube Partner Program and will receive 40% of the revenue.
  17. @MenteMaster-r8h: love❤❤
  18. @Studio81000: Money money money
  19. @MattYoung1599: FYI you Can't do any of the stuff on Viblo until you play $$$ none of its covered under the free trial. My guess is they paid him to make this video.
  20. @Peace_of_Islam-7A: Wahhh

- How I Monetized My Faceless TikTok in 7 Days: Kind: captions Language: en These are new UK accounts and in the next 7 days I'm going to grow this account to 10,000 followers, monetize it, and show you guys how much I made. I'm going to do all this with simple faceless content. You can copy the same style and grow your page. As we all know, once you get into the Creators Reward Program, TikTok will start paying you for the views you get on your video. And this program is now available for Nigerian accounts. So, if you don't have a UK account, later in this video I'll tell you how you can get a UK account. And to get into the Creators Reward Program, you need 10,000 followers. But getting 10,000 followers on TikTok is not hard. In this video, I'm going to prove that. The challenge I've already started, now it's time for me to post my first video. But before that, I have to edit the name, the profile picture, and the bio to look professional. And then I will scroll on my FYP for some minutes so that TikTok will know that the account is active. Now, it's time to post my first video. I need a niche that can actually be monetized cuz not all niche can be monetized. This faceless account is already monetized. And all they do is they just take viral videos, add like five videos together, and edit it, and their name is Top 5 Clips. I like this niche, but I want to start with something easy that everyone can do, even you as a beginner. So, there's this other niche. I call it A versus B. This type of video is where you match two similar videos and compare A versus B. So, that one is very easy to edit and we are going to start with that. Here's an example. So, this faceless account is also listed as one of the top performing accounts on the Creators Reward Program, which means they are posting these A versus B videos and they are actually monetized. Now, imagine how much they are making just by joining similar videos together. Let's start posting. So, when I was scrolling on my FYP, I saw this video and I think this video is going to be a good video cuz the original video did 80 million views on their main page. So, let's see how well this video will do on my new account. I just finished editing the video and it went from looking like this to this. I also went to their page to download another video. But first, I posted a movie clip I found on YouTube to test which one will perform better. So, today we are starting with three videos. Tomorrow morning, the result of these videos will tell us if we are going to continue with this niche or change to another niche cuz we have so many ideas. Good morning. Today is day two, so let's check our progress. How I've gone. So, I'm predicting what I'm going to be pre- Did you see that notification? Bro. And before I open the account, I'm going to be predicting that we got at least 5 to 10,000 views. Cuz yesterday before I slept off, one of the videos was already at 1,000, I think 1,200 views. So, let's see how many views we got. Bro. To be honest with you, I wasn't expecting it to go like this. I was actually expecting something like 20k views on the first day, 30k views, and then go up like that. We have already passed 1 million views. The movie got 800 views. So, basically, this account we are not going to be posting movie clips. So, the first video, which is a movie clip, got 800 views. The second video got 800,000 views. And the third video got 500,000 views. And since we have already found the niche that is working for us, we are going to delete the movie clip. This is where I get the videos. The name of the page is the smiley farm. So, let me select which videos I'm going to be posting today. The best way to select videos is to select videos that went viral. So, you'll be sure that it will also get views on your page. So, I just posted three more videos on the account, and in the evening I'm still going to post more videos cuz I want to spam the videos. I couldn't film yesterday cuz I was too busy. But when I woke up yesterday, this is what the account looks like. The videos from the first day we are still the most viewed videos. But later in the afternoon, all the videos I posted started popping up. So, I posted five more videos yesterday, and this morning, this is what the account look like right now. I am going to try something new today. I've noticed that people engage more on posts with celebrities. This video currently have 2.6 million views with just 17,000 likes. At first, I thought the fault was from my own page until I checked the page of the real owners of the video, and I saw that they were also having low engagement on their video, even though their videos do millions of views. You can see their last video got 46,000 views, 800 likes, and just two comments. So, today I will try posting one IShowSpeed live clip, and then one AMB video. As you can see, all the views are coming from the FYP, and the account is in good standard. Today is day five. I just woke up, and these are the two videos I posted yesterday. The Ashish Pilai stream got 4,000 views, and the A versus B video got 14,000 views. So, you already know which one we are going to continue tomorrow. See you tomorrow. We just hit 10,000 followers. So, now it's time to apply for the Creator's Reward Program. But before we apply, we need to click on account check to see if our account is in good standard so we don't get rejected when we apply for the Creator's Reward Program. I've just applied for the Creator's Reward Program, and in less than 1 minute, you can see the time. When I was doing the account check, it was 7:13, and 1 minute later, it's 7:40. And TikTok just sent me a welcome to the Creator's Reward Program. Our account is officially monetized. There are two things we need to do here. The first one is verify identity, and the second one is set up payment method. As you can see, I just added my UK account number. If you don't know how to create UK bank account number, I made a video on that. Now, my payment methods have been set. It's time to verify your identity. You can actually verify your identity with your international passport or your national ID card. Few minutes later, I saw a notification, "You have verified your identity and set up payment method." So, now we can start posting 1 minute plus video and start making And this is the actual RPM of the first video I posted after getting monetized. The RPM is $0.07. RPM is how much TikTok pay you for 1,000 views, which is good because the video got 317 views, and I made 12 cents. So, as of the time I'm posting as of the time I'm editing this video, I'll also show you the current view, how many views the video have currently. And the reason why the RPM is high because the top location of the people watching the video is from United States. Now that the challenge have officially ended, and the account is officially monetized, it's time for me to actually tell you guys the truth. I'm recording this video months after doing the challenge because I didn't want to post this video at first because I failed the challenge. The page actually got monetized on the 8th instead of the 7th. So, I failed the challenge and I wanted to charge back. I felt like the 8th and the 7th is kind of like the same thing even though I failed the challenge, but it got monetized in 8 days. And there are people out there who this video will motivate to create content and do what. So, now I'm deciding to post the video again. So, if you notice like I'm not even looking the same. Like this is this page, I don't know what to do with this page. So, I'm probably going to leave it there. If you want to go and check it out, you can go and check it out. Also, if you don't have a UK account and you're a Nigerian, you can message us with this number and send us your email. We are going to create your your UK account immediately with just 5,000. It's not free. You can also DM for private mentorship and anything see, if you DM me anything you DM me for is not free. So, just know it. Anything Any Anything I post here is free, but anything you DM me for if you message me, it's not free. It's a service, okay?

  Top Comments:
  1. @luckstar035 [6 likes]: Small and new youtubers dont give up lets gather here grow together:hands-yellow-heart-red:
  2. @Ushbebe001: Me is that verification
  3. @anointed.dc1: What app can be used for the collage video please I went through please
  4. @ThankGodMoses-y6s5w: How do I 😢 get started
  5. @Gregwisdom-d9x: Wow
  6. @SharmaArjun-g2l: My boss
Pls list profitable tiktok niches we can start pls
  7. @brownangel8244: How do i download the videos
  8. @Mr_Nox0: So I can use my nin for verification
  9. @AdeleyeMichael-yz4sl: Please how do i create UK account number?
  10. @MiriamEbereUgwu: make a video on how to edit a faceless YouTube video long and short
  11. @DynastyCrafts: Bro please how did you post on YouTube like pacing between each time to post on tiktok
  12. @virallaugh-d3b: But you have not been posting  on the account  since ending  of last year hope is not what am thinking
  13. @clipsaan: I didn't see the video on how to make a uk bank account
  14. @mrbrowntv78: Hi, is your youtube channel for sa-le?
  15. @NahjulBalghaTarjumawaTafseer: Bro how did you created uk account in Nigeria
  16. @StevoskyGaming: Thank you
  17. @WisdomDe-creator: You don’t hide updates that’s great ❤🎉
  18. @WisdomDe-creator: You don’t hide updates that’s great ❤🎉
  19. @WisdomDe-creator: This is cool man
  20. @pendezatv: Bra bra, show how to do it not your successes 😡😡😡

- How to use psychology to hack viewers brains (& make more money): Kind: captions Language: en the best way to grow any business is better content it's a cheat code and the only thing holding you back from making better content is understanding the psychology of how viewers act online so I'm going to break down that psychology show you a bunch of different examples and then show you the Tactical changes that you should make to your content to drive better outcomes now I've used this framework to grow my personal channels from zero to half a million followers in 18 months I've also helped many Brands behind the scenes dramatically level up their content thinking with this same method and it works because it's not some secret formula it's just understanding basic human behavior in the context of social media all marketing boils down to one simple principle can you get the viewer or listener or reader to feel an emotion that will most compel them to take an action so emotion to action that's what we want now not all emotions Trigger action love for example is an extremely strong emotion but it doesn't always trigger an action if you love someone and you see something that makes you of them you may message them but love alone is not closely tied to purchase and purchase is the action we're looking for because if someone would be willing to purchase they're for sure going to sign up for your newsletter or share your thing so we're looking for emotions that drive purchase now there's one emotion above all others that best triggers purchase fear and I'm not talking about chainsaw in the woods type fear I'm talking about foma it's fom's cousin fear of missing anything anytime you watched content and it compelled you to buy subconcious iously you were afraid of missing out or losing something or dying early or not being healthy enough or not being enough or not being cool Etc no matter how long the thread if you pull long enough the subconscious motivation behind almost every purchase is fear let's say you see a piece of content about chocolates and flowers that are on sale for Valentine's Day you have a wife or husband or boyfriend or girlfriend that you buy these for and you may say it wasn't fear I wasn't afraid of them I bought them cuz I love them and yeah that's true you're not afraid of them but deep down you bought them because you were afraid that they wouldn't know how much you cared about them it's the fear of them not knowing that pushed the purchase not the love or even worse for some people in that scenario they'll buy them because they fear their partner will be upset if they don't so to quell that subconscious fear they buy buying the chocolates and flowers is a sign of love but the fear of them not knowing or the fear of them being upset is the reason you purchase let's take another example let's say you see a video about a gut supplement that improves your digestive system so you buy it now why did you buy it it's not because you like taking supplements or even because you want to be healthy it's really because you fear the consequences of being unhealthy and in extreme cases dying so the fear of something is the most potent emotion that you can make a customer feel that will compel them to purchase and this happens on big stages too why do McKenzie Bane and BCG have billion dooll businesses basically telling Executives what they already know because those Executives fear the wrath of their board or their shareholders or their bosses for not having done the research to back that decision it's fear cya now the big question is how do we adjust our content to drive more fear so that purchases go up because the obvious answer is not going to work if you start every piece of content with you're going to die soon or you're going to get fired people will think you're a whack job and they will lose trust and the only thing that can counteract the pull from Fear to buy is the push to not buy from lack of trust so we can't afford to sacrifice trust the art of content and marketing and persuasion and copyrighting is to make someone feel that fear without explicitly saying it so how do we do this the best way is to show an example of someone or something that they relate to experiencing that fear in the same way and making them make the leap so for example let's say you're selling a course about learning how to code a beginner at content may say something like I just made the best course for coding or there's a hundred different modules in my course but most people will look right past that because it doesn't trigger the fear it's highlighting the features and features don't sell fear sells instead better content might be talking about how other Industries are firing a lot of people but the one that isn't is software development this would subconsciously instill the fear that a non-developer might lose their job and so by taking the coding course and becoming a developer they may be able to protect themsel and it doesn't all have to be negative in this way it could play out in every scenario in every industry let's say you launch a new brand of running shoes you may pay cool famous athletes to wear them and you're doing that because it appeals to Runners who are afraid of not being cool this is obviously a very popular Playbook and what most clothing brands do but it's very crowded and easy to see through because so many people do it another angle for shoes might be to say that you are building them for longevity because they're specifically designed to protect your ankles which will appeal to Runners who are afraid of not being able to walk when they're older or arthritis or a number of health conditions this would obviously be a much deeper fear and a smaller audience but way stickier now here's a tactical tip a good way to hide the fear is to bake it into a curiosity loop at the beginning of the content for the foot Paine shoe example you might start content with Nikes being sued for all these Runners injuries or 90% of 80-year-olds can't walk because they wore this brand of shoes the Curiosity Loop of what you're talking about makes people want to hear more and it makes them not think directly about the fear the fear slides to the subconscious but they of course hear it so the framework is step one figure out who your Target customer is that's really key step two figure out what their biggest fears are as a collective step three figure out how to message or show that fear coming to life without expl itly saying it and this Nuance this art is where the gold is but this is only the first half of the equation the second half is showing that your product is the best solve to quell the fear so if someone's afraid of that foot injury and you make a chart showing the percent of injury for every Footwear brand and yours is the best that might be a way to show that your brand is best designed to solve that fear and now this is a really key point on the content side the goal is to establish the fear immediately and then compress the time that it takes to demonstrate the value that your your product could be the solve in other words you want to show that your stuff solves the fear as early as possible in the content you can give lots of other deeper examples throughout the content but you want to demonstrate value as soon as you can now what does this mean let's keep going with the foot pain shoe example if you spend the first 90 seconds of a 2-minute video hammering the foot pain and talking about the injury over and over without demonstrating value it's possible that many viewers that feel this pain will churn before you get to the last 30 seconds talking about the product because it's so intense the fear and pain is so intense they don't want to listen to it but if they know that you have a solve that might be coming later they might stick around that's why the best marketing messaging clearly establishes a fear teases the solve presses on the fear to amplify and then gives the rest of the solve when fear is at a maximum that's the cycle and this Loop works for any product any brand any time any channel it always works so to revisit the full framework step one figure out who your Target customer is step two figure out what their deepest fears are at as a collective step three figure out how to message that fear coming to life without saying it explicitly step four tease the solve for that fear as soon as possible step five amplify the fear and step six demonstrate the solve by now you probably get it but let me show you two examples of me doing this in practice also if you like the way I think about this stuff I write this thing called wavy where I break down viral content and extract the best learnings and Frameworks out of it my goal is to make this like a god tier resource for anybody that makes content mark marketers Founders creators people are loving it if you want it links in the description now for the examples it's important to note that number of views is actually not the most important metric here the most important metric is dollar conversion views Grows by shares dollars Grows by actions it's of course helpful to have views and shares to get more eyes on something if it's optimized but in this video I'm talking about optimizing for dollar conversion I'll make another video in the future talking specifically about the views and just amplifying the number if that's what you're interested in so for conversion this is a good example of a video I made it's about this thing called brick which is a super simple productivity tool that helps you block out apps on your phone for certain periods of time let's watch the first part of this video together ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well this thing just fix that it's called brick and it changed everything for me but before I get into why I just got to say this is not sponsored I'm making this video because the brick has become my single biggest productivity hack what I needed was a way to temporarily disable social media before bed on walks in the gym when I'm working I was at the point where I'd be scrolling for hours without even noticing now this video drove over $10,000 in sales for Brick and only took me 2 hours to make and to break it down first I hammered the paint which is the fear of missing out on life because the phone is controlling you and this was a bit more on the explicit side because I find with short form video the shorter the medium is the more explicit you need to be on hammering the fear because you just don't have as much time to establish with multiple sentences so I try to be pretty explicit in short form videos with long form videos videos and other formats you have a little bit more time to establish that fear now the second sentence well this thing just fixed that it's called brick and it changed everything for me that's creating a curiosity Loop people are like what is that but it's also teasing that I have some solve it's this brick device the third part is me saying what I needed was to temporarily disable social media so this is me pressing on the fear pressing on the pain and then the fourth part is me breaking down how Brick Works and what the solve actually is by the end if someone watched this and they also experienced the pain of scrolling too much and feeling they were missing life this is going to be a perfect solve for them it was an Impulse buy and so it converted highly here's the second example in the same category I actually used this as inspiration for the brick video so the hook is the same this is called The Light phone which is a super minimal zero screen phone where you can't use social media let's watch this video together you ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well these guys invented the light phone and as soon as I saw it I knew it was a home run the design is super simple intentionally it's meant to give you back control over your dopamine you've got the ability to call and text and a couple other tools like podcast music notes and directions but that's it no social media no anxiety inducing notifications no internet browsing it's a phone as a tool not a Vie the screen is a black and white matte finish like what you see on a Kindle and because of that there's no blue light messing with your eyes or internal clock now these guys didn't pay me to say this but I think I'm going to get one of these it's $2.99 and honestly some weekends I just want to get rid of my iPhone and be more present this is the first thing I've seen that would let me do that while still being able to get around and get in touch with my friends what do you guys think does this resonate or did they take it too far from the mainstream so for the first part I use the same hook here really talking about the fear of missing life fomo of missing life because you're on your phone and then the second part was teasing the solve teasing the phone saying well these guys invented a solve and it's I knew it was going to be a home run the Light phone showing it that's kind of teasing that solve and then in this case the rest of the video was actually me intertwining the amplification of the fear and the solve because short form is so compressed I didn't have a lot of time to show here's the fear you're losing dopamine you're losing control and then separately show the solve so I kind of intertwined it but you can see both of those components here this video got 2.3 million views and I think it crashed their website the team reached out I'm pretty sure it flooded them with orders now it's important to establish that not every piece of content is designed to drive purchase otherwise it would be a pretty uneventful and not fun internet but in my mind every piece of content should be designed to have the viewer take some action whether that's to sign up for a newsletter or to follow or something else if it's a newsletter the fear should be eliciting the fear of not knowing certain information which would make someone subscribe you can either do that by making a video that's so good that it pulls them into your bio looking for other sources of information and subscribing or you can just say if you want to stay up to date follow and that creates that fear that lack of information all right I can talk about this forever I'm going to end the video here thank you guys so much for watching if you like this video you like how I talk about psychology and marketing strategy make sure to like And subscribe and we will see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [3 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Odin.Putra..0 [1 likes]: Please please please please please please please please 🙏🙏🙏🙏 provide this video in Hindi language ❤from 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  3. @woxywanders [1 likes]: i hope i can like this video 5x 
This is Gold! Thank you! Just subscribed! Keep it up, Sir!
  4. @senttientt [1 likes]: hey. i wanted to thank you for the incredibly educational content you put out there. you’re truly brilliant, you deserve everything you’ve achieved and more. thank you so much 💙💙
  5. @hanami_bloom: Wow this content is the best. I love the useful knowledge I get.
  6. @HéctorEstrada-t2p4m: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @HumanChaptersHub: very nice
  8. @CJ-jc-d6c: Can you do a gaming focused video on hooks? I’m great at audience retention but I’m god awful at hooking. Specifically for gaming videos. I can hook really well in my music videos but not gaming
  9. @HellavatorGrowup: This is really usefull for me but I really need Persian subtitle
  10. @tropevp33: It is interesting that you use fear to get attention, have you thought other emotions?
  11. @TrungTran-wd3wi: I would like to add that there are two main types of fear, the first is the fear of not being loved (by family, friends), the second is the fear of not having enough (not enough money, not enough health, not enough time), these are the two biggest fears of humans.
  12. @LucasJR7: 8:10
  13. @MilquetoastQT: 3:05 : I don't know, man. Works for Alex Jones 😂
  14. @BOOKED_PROSPERS: 2:36 Well that's half true. 

There is also another huge emotion that compels people to buy that yummy looking candy, or make a bad decision with a pretty girl.

Desire. 

Fear & desire are the 2 most compelling emotions that drive purchase
  15. @X_The_Android: 8:19 "This is NOT sponsored," yet you somehow have access to information of how many Bricks that ""not ad"" sold.
  16. @XBMotivates: Your videos and so helpful. Thank you!
  17. @TheSilentInfluence: You're a GOAT❤
  18. @GatewayintoComics: Hail Thine Inmost Self
  19. @ArtIntel-y1e: amazing
  20. @ajeetyadav1111a: From when I got your Channel i am watching each video of yours one by one ... 07 Done out of 35 ❤❤

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [42 likes]: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  2. @kieljacinto3509: so some of this ive done without knowing nor what is called.
  3. @casualSingh: halo effect is cool
  4. @thecommerciallady1111: How can the sales psychological tips convert my sales for my candles?
  5. @JoshGovero: IKEA affects had me dumbfounded
  6. @jatinrana851: One arrow two sparrow....ayoo😅
  7. @MurphyNoah-e2k: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  8. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  9. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: This sounds like one of those “easy money posting videos” jobs, but usually there’s more to it than they say
  10. @HlelekileNkosi: For you page 😮😮😮😮😮
  11. @三浦貴大-h6c: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  12. @themidnightmurdershow: ngl bro i understood none of this
  13. @billphilpott3787: It's essential to understand how to lead your client to the carrot cake
  14. @Dewii-qo2ed: Replay very great message and podcast
  15. @AmandaDixon-g8o: Thank you!!!
  16. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  17. @monicacook3311: All right, thank you for this. The more of these a company uses to advertise to me, the more likely I'm not going to buy their product. When a company has to resort to  mind-messing psychological manipulation instead of presenting the merits of their product, I'm just going to assume the merits just aren't there.
  18. @Aylinklmn: I want to know how to automate the posting on instagram, youtube,tick tock. And I want the course also
  19. @KgomotsoKG-s9e: You are a genius Adam! Thanks for all this.,
  20. @BabitaKashyap-k6p: I can’t stop talking about how good this is!

- 18 Psychology Tricks to Get Viewers Addicted to Your Videos: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to engineer your storytelling to get a viewer to think and act how you want and if you can do this on command you win now I have over a million followers done a billion views and this one thing has been the biggest cheat code to my success it is the foundational building block that powers everything and I'm just going to give it to you this is my full content psychology Playbook 18 different tricks that you can use to get people addicted to your videos without them knowing it all right so I boil down every video into six steps think of these like Gates or checkpoints and I need to get the viewer through these six checkpoints before they bounce or the video flops now for each one I use a combination of different psychology hacks to pull them through and I'm going to break down each one of those hacks and how you can use them in your videos okay so the first major checkpoint in any video is paino acceptance before you do anything else you have to get the viewer to feel whatever pain point it is you're solving for in the video usually the core pain stems from not having enough money time health or access those are the four horsemen of pain and there's many ways to frame a pain but at a base level before you do anything else in the video the viewer has to feel a pain point now I can already hear the skep iics in the nose beds what about entertainment style content like Mr Beast or Minecraft videos there's no pain point in those and you're 100% right those are pure entertainment plays and those can work but my take is that if you're playing for pure entertainment the competition is much much steeper because you're competing against family time Hollywood grade movies Mr Beast himself the Instagram feed reading in bed if you're not an absolute Pro you're going to lose the entertainment game but if you're solving a specific paino all of a sudden you fit into a different category in the viewer's brain and if your goal is to make money online Value First paino driven content is the best way to do it okay so checkpoint one is making them accept the pain now what are the exact psychological hacks to get them to do this I have four methods the first one is by going one standard deviation away from the pain to trick them into accepting it so let me explain what that means the key with content is getting a viewer to opt into accepting they have a paino without triggering their be s detector it's like robbing a bank if you trip the red wire the alarms will go off and they're going to call the police you remember when I said all core pain stem from not having time money health or access well the problem is if you come out directly and say something like if you want to make more money do this it often triggers their BS detector and they'll dismiss you and this happens because most viewers are smart and they think to themselves Well it can't be that easy right this must be nonsense and so then they start second guessing what you're saying and this is all happening subconsciously because of their psychology once the BS detector is tripped in their mind you've lost them because now they don't trust you so this is where the one standard deviation away hack comes in sometimes it could be easier to get someone to opt into a pain by going one standard deviation away from what they actually want and having them make the leap themselves for example let's take the pain of trying to grow on social media that's what I talk about most people want to grow on social media because they think it'll help them make more money they don't actually want to spend 40 hours a week making videos they want the money but the beauty is that most people assume that if they grow on social media they will make money they treat them as the same so targeting the pain that they aren't growing their social channels fast enough is a way to disarm them on the money pain without triggering their BS detector they will make the leap that you helping them with social media will help them make more money which is what they really want and to prove this is the case if you look at all of my videos on my YouTube channel anytime I talk specifically about making more money those videos don't perform very well but anytime I talk about specifics of making better videos or new social trends for growing faster people associate that with making more money and those videos crush and this isn't an accident this is psychology at work so the specific tactic here is understanding which of the four horsemen base pains you're targeting and then figuring out how to go one standard deviation away to solve a tactical problem all right the second hack for trying to get a viewer to accept the paino is what I call twisting the knife here your goal is to remind the viewer of their paino and the frustration that they've been experiencing because they haven't solved it twist the knife the best way to do this tactically no surprise is to talk about the pain point and that frustration as bluntly and directly as possible so for example I might say something like if you've been struggling with storytelling I've been there I know how hard it is this reminds them of the struggle and deepens the Gap it seems obvious but this is adding Tinder to the burning fire of them wanting to solve the problem also fomo and jealousy are other great ways to remind them of this frustration and deepen the pain all right the third psychology hack for getting a viewer to accept the pain point is what I call an audience of one and this is very simple speak to them directly don't use the word I use the word you make it about them make them the main character make them think about themselves and their unique situation I use the word you more than any other word in my videos it's like a teacher yelling hey you to a group of kindergarteners right it stuns them immediately and makes them lock back in I also try in my delivery to make it seem like I'm talking directly to you and no one else and this comes mostly from tone and Rhythm which you have to just adjust over time the best way to do this is observe two people having a conversation and then try to mimic that tone and Rhythm nobody wants a preacher they want a friend again these things seem obvious and I'm going to show you an example in a second about why they're so powerful but I'm telling you stacking these on top of each other creates this deep pain Point all right the fourth and last hack for getting a user to accept the paino is to create the paino solution Gap you need them to realize that there is both a paino to be solved and a gap between between where they are today and where they want to be you can do this tactically by literally moving your hands from one side to the other or you could use Graphics or you could continue to Pepper examples showing the distance between where they are and where they want to be as you can tell and I've heard this in the comments I find the hands thing to be super helpful with this now you don't have to do all four of those hacks all together every single video but by doing these four things you make them aware of the right pain frame it so it applies to them specifically and build an urgency for them to figure out how to close the gap if you do this you have them Hook Line and Sinker through that first checkpoint and they are super eager to find out what comes next now I'm going to show you an example the first three checkpoints all happen in the hook of the video in the first 10 to 30 seconds so I'm really breaking it down but this happens super super quickly getting them through those first three checkpoints let's review the hook that I used in this video just a couple minutes ago and I'm going to show you exactly how I do this in practice by the way the reason you're still watching is because I use this exact psychology hack to hook you so if you're wondering if it works it works today we're talking about about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to all right so here's the transcript of the first half of the hook for this video and I'm going to color code each of the four psychology hacks that deal with this first paino checkpoint now the first line is just me setting context that it's about psychology I kind of had to do that then immediately I start twisting the knife using jealousy I say by all your favorite creators now I could have started by explicitly stating the pain itself like you're trying to grow on social media through video but that is implied by me using Creator so at this point subconsciously you feel this frustration cuz you want to grow like your favorite creators but you haven't figured it out I'm reminding you of that frustration subconsciously that deepens the paino Gap if you want your videos to perform better so I'm saying it directly right here again I know every single person watching this wants to make money that's why they're trying to grow on social media so this is the one standard deviation away from the core Four Horseman pain now that rolls directly into the paino solution Gap if you want better videos paino you need to understand psychology solution and this is all happening in real time but like 7 seconds in I've already kind of got you deeply reminded of the pain jealous about the other creators and interested in how to solve it happens fast now because psychology as a concept is kind of high level and not clear I decided to use another line to reiterate exactly what I'm talking about and how you can apply it to making better videos so I say psychology is how you engineer people to do and act how you want and if you do this you can win again paino solution Gap if you do this you can win now the last thing to highlight is how many times I use the word you in the first half of this hook nine times and I use the word I zero this is also intentional this video video is not about me it's about you it's about helping you solve the pain I'm not talking about me yet now I spent so much time on checkpoint one in this video so far because again if you can't get the viewer to accept that there's a pain point you lose do not pass go there is no reason to continue you have to nail this first now before I go on to the next checkpoints why does this work so well it works so well because human brains are problem-solving machines if you give a brain a problem it is designed to figure out how to solve it by starting with the problem in the video script we are hacking the viewers neurochemistry to get them to pay attention to it and this first step is critical because it aligns their subconscious on the problem so that you can tell them the rest of the story before watching the video they may not have been problem aware or if they knew the problem they weren't consciously focusing so you need to angle their attention on the problem and then continue okay so this is checkpoint one at this point the viewer is now deeply problem aware and interested in figuring out how to solve it all right before I move on and there is some gold coming up I just got to say guys nobody talks about content the way I do I've looked so far for people to make videos like this and there just aren't any I take all of this and I put it for free in the description in my free community wavy world my free newsletter content. game I want you guys to win I think there's so much opportunity for everyone to win the way they want so I give it all for free make sure you check the description if you like the way I talk about this stuff all right let's keep going okay so as soon as the viewer is aware of the paino The Next Step checkpoint two you need to immediately Sprint to trust you you need them to trust you ASAP you essentially have between 10 and 30 seconds after they accept that a problem is real to pass their BS detector for them to trust that you're the type of person that could solve it if they sense that you don't know what you're talking about that you don't have proof that you've done this before or that you don't have the answer they're going to bounce and you lose them and this checkpoint 2 is another make or break moment in Psychology hacking do they trust you so what are the ways to get them to trust you this is the list in order from most effective to least effective the best in top of the list is proof that you have solved this problem for someone just like them this is why On Target case studies and testimonials are so critical it's why they're all over sales Pages if a viewer sees themselves in a success story that you have they immediately trust that you can do this for them if you don't have a testimonial of you doing this for others the next best case is proof that you've done it for yourself this proves that you can do it but they may not trust you as much as the testimonial if they don't see themselves in you the third highest trust Builder would be massive social followings on any account ideally the account you're on or a prei cosign from someone that they trust social followings basically prove that you are trusted and vetted by many at scale this helps decrease their fear that you don't know what you're talking about the fourth is evidence that you have been in their shoes and you are not in their shoes anymore this doesn't necessarily mean that you were the one that controlled the transformation but it does mean you have underwent the transformation so you at least know where they have been and where they want to go Fifth and this is second from the bottom is Common Ground anything you can do to build common ground between them and you just to build rapport and then last but I think still effective is the overall look and quality of your presentation of the information the studio the audio the confidence the posture the way the whole package is put together if you come off like you know what you're doing they will subconsciously start to trust you a little bit this alone isn't going to get you there but it's helpful icing on the top and this look thing this is why most sales people wear suits there's a reason why people do the things they do why they put testimonials on their sites why sales people wear suits is because they're trying to build trust now like I said you don't need the full one through six list to be true if you have any one of the top three you're probably good that's all you need but if you don't you may need multiple of the bottom three the bigger the ask the more trust required the deeper the pain the less trust required now I have three super quick psychological hacks that go one level deeper for how you actually facilitate this trust transfer so the first one around proof this is going to sound stupidly obvious but use screenshots of the testimonials bank statements a B tests before and afters social followings some visual proof is usually all you need to justify credibility that you've done what you say and it usually just takes one or two of these flashed rapidly and then the trust is built now if you have no proof you need to build common ground or show that you've been in their shoes before and even if you try this it may not stick but you have to try something the best way to build common ground is to hack their subconscious Psychology by saying things like I've been exactly where you are I've gone through this same thing I know what it feels like right saying those things helps build empathy empathy and Common Ground between them and you at this point if you don't have proof they are running the BS filter scan in their head absorbing everything trying to vet do I trust them do I trust them and I'll be honest the longer they're running that BS scan the less chance you have so you really want to establish trust as quickly as possible now in addition to building Common Ground an easy way to hack their trust like I said is having a professional setup this is a huge way to increase trust because when you're small and you have no credibility you have no proof but people see you have a legit set up immediately in their mind they're wondering wait how does this person not have any proof how does this person not have any wins he has such a great setup she has such a great setup they actually start to root for you in a weird way it inverts that's why having this professional look is so critical again if you have crazy proof you can record on a lowquality 720p camera in your underwear but if you don't have any proof this is a way to kind of elevate yourself without having done anything else again this trust checkpoint is critical if the viewer does not trust you they're not going to continue watching and you lose now one note on this at the beginning of your journey making content the reason why it takes so long to grow initially is because you don't have proof for credibility and so a low fraction of people trust you long enough to listen to your information that's why it takes so long to get those first thousand 2,000 5,000 subscribers but as you get some trust as you grow you start to build a following people then trust the following and the cosign is easier from people and then the compounding continues this is why it takes so long to grow at the beginning because you don't have trust I actually didn't start making YouTube videos until I had half a million followers on Instagram and Tik Tok and this was strategic I didn't want to risk spending $1,000 per YouTube video on editing and thumbnails until I knew that I had at least number three on that list of credibility now I actually do have almost a million followers I actually have driven over a billion views I actually have done the transformation myself and I know the answer so it's easy for you to trust me because I have these things so I now have proof figuring this out for myself I have big social followings I've been where you were because I used to not Plus I speak directly to entrepreneurs and builders that were like me so I have established Common Ground I also spent a ton of time and money building out this set so of the list of six 2 3 4 5 six I have all of them except the top one and now for the top one I have an Academy of entrepreneurs that I'm teaching the methods to I'm also getting cold DMS of people that are using my YouTube videos to get traction on their own so very soon I'll have the top one as well I will have the full six and this is really important to me because to me everything I do is optimize to build trust that's why I give the answers away I want everyone to trust me because I want to help people I genuinely do and so that goes back and forth and it helps build the trust immediately okay so that's checkpoint two so to reorient us the viewer has now accepted that a pain point is there they want to solve and they now trust you as a potential vehicle that could solve it so what comes next okay so checkpoint three is plan of attack as soon as they feel like the paino applies to them and they trust you as someone that may solve it immediately they want to know if you have a plan for doing doing so if you don't share a legit plan they will then churn so there are two things you need to do here in checkpoint 3 you need to share that you have a plan and explain why your plan is different than anything else they've seen before the first one is to create the point of difference between your plan and everyone else's now the easiest way to create the point of difference is to create contrast between what they've commonly seen and what you believe your contrarian take right so if they want to accomplish X and everyone says to do y and you say to do Z and you can convince them that Z is better they will hold to see what Z is the brain constantly is looking for easier better faster ways to solve their problem so if you create the problem and they trust you as a solve for it and you suggest something that may be different than what they've seen before they are going to be so curious that they will wait to find out what it is this is building that point of difference the contrast the Curiosity Loop whatever you call it that's how you do it now the other psychology hack here once you establish you have a point of difference immediately they want to know what is your plan now people like structure they like order they like alignment structure helps them remember things when they remember things they feel smart when they feel smart they associate feeling smart with you as the person that makes them feel smart and they trust you more so the best way to deliver the plan in structure is a list these are my five tips for doing X these are my 18 psychology hacks present your thoughts in a structured list the brain is very good at understanding numbers and chunking things down into steps that's how we learn everything as a kid if you jump into your tactics in the video without teeing it up as a list without putting a structure around it people will feel lost and confused if they're lost and confused they turn so now for the last time I'm going to pull up my full Hook from this video one more time and I'm going to show you how I walk through creating the list and creating the point of difference okay now I actually embedded the point of difference a little bit earlier like two birds one stone I talked about this in the paino section but this is the point of difference so I said if you want to grow on social media you need Psychology but not psychology in a book you need to understand how to implement psychology to hack viewers brains to do and act how you want there's kind of two points of difference there there's growth you think it's this I say psych ology there's psychology you think it's book learning I say it's actually implementing in videos there's actually two subconsciously there and I did it earlier instead of later because I'm trying to use the fewest amount of sentences I figured it was two birds one stone now the ordered Lis thing comes later obviously this is me saying I have 18 psychology hacks I have a full Playbook this is me presenting the plan to you and then right after I finish the hook I then reiterate that there are six checkpoints and those checkpoints or stage Gates I say it again because I don't want 18 to feel overwhelming so I say six again to break it down that's how important it is to explain things with structure and this all happened in 24 seconds across 12 sentences if you can pull a viewer through these three checkpoints as fast as possible they will then be primed for the rest of the video okay so at this point the viewer has accepted there's a paino to solve they trust you and they know you have a plan to solve it so there's just one big question left and this is one that matters so so much do they want you to be the one to solve it for them do they like you this is likability the number one psychological hack or checkpoint or bucket to get people addicted to your content is to make them like you enough to want to watch it people disarm their inhibitions when they genuinely like a person I'm not just talking about physical attraction do they like the energy and brand that you bring forward this is critical and as someone who's typically monotone I have brought my energy up to create this likeability or at least I hope if you're watching this I hope you like the way I'm presenting this I have three psychological hacks to improve your likeability if you're a Creator now the first first one the biggest one is energy people act like mirrors if you give low energy they will receive that and start giving low energy back if you have high energy it's infectious the easiest way to get people to resonate with your content on a psychological level is to bring your energy of delivery up by like 50% and the easiest way to do this this is what I do is I record one line at a time it sounds crazy but when you talk in paragraphs you start to Trail off towards the end of your sentences reading six seven sentences off the top of your your head you just lose energy but if you record one line at a time yes you have to chop it after but you can deliver with high energy every single line This is a super super easy hack to up your energy now the second best way to increase likability is simplification again people like when they feel smart if you make them feel dumb they will not like you it's really that simple this means using simple words and short sentences so what I do is I repeat my points twice if I say something with technical jargon I'll repeat it a the second time saying it again with simpler terms and maybe using a metaphor that's a little bit easier to understand and I kind of just talk in this way normally I think that's one of the superpowers of my style but this simplification by force is actually a really helpful way to increase people's comprehension when they can hear you and understand you they like you more now the third best way to become more likable is to genuinely just be yourself and I know it sounds so basic but people can detect when you're playing a character I legitimately wear this black hoodie every single day this black hat every day I talk like this I'm a Content nerd I'm a business nerd you cannot fake this energy around this stuff and because of that you can sense that through the camera and you like me more for it whether you believe what I say or not you like when people talk about things they like that's how the brain works they just perceive authenticity and this is the big thing when you're likable people root for you and they want to be around you they want you to be the one that solves their problems and as a Creator when you're trying to identify a problem a pain point that they pay attention to and solve it this is all you're after now if you're not likable if you're kind of a grouch you can still win but it's going to take so much longer because your value and your information has to be so good that it overcomes the deficiency of your personality it's much easier if people just like you now the sooner someone likes you the better and the easier it will be to hold them so it's possible they may already come into a video having liked you from something else so in that case checkpoint 4 is already checked off but if this is the first thing they're seeing of you they're probably going to take 3 to 5 minutes and make a call whether they like you or not those three things I mentioned are ways to improve your chances of someone liking you more all right so checkpoint five at this point the viewer has understood the pain point they trust you they understand you have a plan and they like you but this is all preal this is like the intro stage you were just trying to get them to opt in to giving you a chance to hear what you have to say and now you can see why the hook in your video is so important and why it takes so much time to dial it in we've deployed like 12 psychology tactics up to this point just trying to get the viewer primed to accept any kind of message so the next question checkpoint 5 is can we get them to pay attention long enough to hear what we have to say it's crazy when you really think about it right you spent all that time all that effort all that energy trying to get them to pay attention long enough to potentially give you the chance to deliver a message and still you have to fight to hold their attention it's pretty crazy but this is kind of the most important checkpoint within the body of the video is getting them to continue to pay attention until the last stage so of course have a few psychology hacks for getting them to hold their attention the first one is to create a hunt people's brains work in Loops when they open a loop they need to close it that is why to-do lists are so nagging you write something down on a to-do list you fret until it's closed people work in open and closed Loops so when you need to keep someone interested for 20 or 30 minutes to watch a full video you need to continually open Loops in their brain the best way to do this is to lead with the most valuable piece of information first and then tease that there are other things like it buried throughout the video that first piece is like a dopamine release and it validates that it's worth staying then you create this hunt these Loops that people have to hunt to close to do this tactically just continue reminding them about the gold at the end I didn't really do it well in this video but you can think about when people talk about six tactics and when they're on number two they say and wait for the end because the last one's going to be great right that is them opening a long-term Loop while they close these Min ones they want you to stay to close that long-term Loop all right hack number 14 is reh hooking in previous videos I've talked a lot about the importance of reh hooking throughout your content because you do all that work to lay the initial hook but then if you don't rehook everything just atrophies down to zero so you have to keep reh hooking their interest and the best way to do that is to keep reigniting that paino solution Gap where are they where do they want to be remind them where are they where do they want to be create contrast against where they are where they want to be common belief contrar in take continue to create that contrast and you'll be able to rehook them throughout now the best way to do this is that and flip so saying things like now that point was good but honestly if you don't figure out this point it's never going to work right continuing to give that zigzag dance that's how you rehook them all right another way to keep them interested throughout and I talk a lot about this in my storytelling video which I'll link here if you want to check out the during the body storytelling a lot of these techniques I broke down a lot deeper in some other videos but a great way to do this is what I call a trans Rhythm if you create a desirable rhythm with the Cadence of your words they will stay because it's soothing to listen to I've noticed that that the monotony that comes with same length sentences actually leads to boredom and then people churn so the best way to do this is to use your voice as an instrument and try to deliver off balance enunciation off-balance Cadence to create this Rhythm keep them on their toes some short sentences and then deliver some long Legato sentences some compound sentences some quick sentences keep them off balance and it creates this trans style Rhythm where they're just locked into hearing it it's almost like music in a way if you look down your script and you don't see a jagged line with the end of your sentences that means all of your sentences are around the same length and it creates that monotonous plotting feeling you want that Jagged line so look down your script and make sure you have that all right so now we've come to the last checkpoint checkpoint six this is what you're after the whole reason you do one through five is to get people to checkpoint 6 checkpoint 6 is getting the viewer to take an action so far you've established a paino built trust laid out a plan got them to like you and re-hooked them throughout the video so that they could absorb most of your value the last step can you get them to take the action after all that's why we're making content in the first place we need viewers to take some action now that action could be to subscribe it could be to share it could be to sign up for a free email list or a lead Magnet or a community it also could be to convert and transact for a paid product right from the video the actions vary but we need the viewer to take an action if they don't it's not that the rep was all for nothing but we don't really Clos the process that we were trying to do here now I've got three final psychology hacks to trick the viewer into taking the action the first one is called close the loop at the end of the video tell the viewer that you have successfully closed the paino solution Gap and that by doing this they should have everything they need to be able to take the information in the video and solve for it themsel but if they would like to increase the speed and get to the solution faster then they can take your action or purchase your product this hack of reminding them that all the information is there but if they want speed they can pay for it is super effective and it works because almost no one can absorb 100% of the information on the first go round but the whole point of the video was to demonstrate that you have the end to- endend knowledge and 5% of people are going to be able to take that watch it three times and implement it thems God bless them it's the other 95% that want to pay for Speed now that they trust you that'll take the action the hack is that you reminded them that the loop is closed because by reminding them it res signals that pain point that they wanted to solve they will feel like it's still unsolved because they haven't absorbed all the information and they will look to take an action to solve it all right my second hack for getting the viewer to take the desired action is an unexpected surise surprise most of Life boils down to expectations verse reality if they expected a highquality masterpiece in your video but you fell short chances are they're not going to take the action but if the reality of watching the video blew away their expectations especially if it was because of how valuable the information actually was they are way more likely to take the action that you suggested this is why I was able to grow from 0 to 65,000 Subs on YouTube in like two months I try to make all of my videos at a 12 out of 10 quality that blows people away so this the unexpected surprise works every time all right and the last psychology tip hack number 18 is the recap tell the viewer what you're going to do do it and then remind them at the end of what you did that reminding is the recap this is the final nail that closes the loop on that paino solution Gap and that by doing that it reminds them that they should take the action if they haven't yet solved the pain watch I'm going to show you an example right here as I close this but I'm only doing it as long as you take the action look in the description all right guys that's all I have for this video those were 18 tricks to hack viewer psychology to get more addicted into your content if you like this video and you want more breakdowns like this I kind of like making these but I don't know if you like them too if you like them leave a comment let me know what I should cover in the next video and remember there is so much free stuff in the description I'm giving it all away if you want your videos to be better if you want to grow faster on social media the links and the invites are below for you to take advantage of until next time we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [23 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @pamithadesilva1955: I’ve being binge watching this channel since early this week. I wish I came across these videos earlier. Such great learnings
  3. @shashankthakur2090: god bless u bro thankyou so much
  4. @IrvinZurita-t5l: Perfect content ❤
  5. @CovenantCrossings-n1d: Just stumbled across your channel. I am almost 70 years old, excellent presentation, just subscribe.
  6. @RonNezaticky: Good stuff! Loads of value! Thank you
  7. @RoxanaHashemi: Great thank you 🙏
  8. @Thecreabrix: thank you <3
  9. @TechnicalIndiaA1: You addressed pain point of content creator
  10. @eNVyyuh: that’s so scary i’m so high bro literally just explained exactly what made me want to press his video 😭
  11. @gregh_777: i hate everything about this video.
  12. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  13. @Toplegends7: that's perfect
  14. @philliprocker2719: New to social media so these tips made some things finally make sense.
  15. @madievb7728: This video was super helpful, thank you for sharing your expertise with us. I checked out the Sandcastle program and it looks wonderful, but unfortunately I can't afford it right now. 😢
  16. @Ben-g2i8w: your lessons are valuable . thanks for the good work
  17. @lydiamartinezebling: Amazing! 🙏🏻💪🏼
  18. @nexryn1: We'll definitely make it
  19. @Jonathan-u6q6h: Love your teaching
  20. @Jolly-Good-Planet: You are the great teacher. Thanks! 🎉 ❤

- How Viral Stories Impact Major Economic Events | Davos 2020: Kind: captions Language: en-US So, your new book "Narrative Economics" is a topic that you've been interested in for a very long time. Can you explain to me what narrative economics is? A lot of people think about narratives these days, it's a new trend. But they tend not to be economists or financial analysts. Maybe they think about it, but they don't research it. I think that major economic events, successes and failures alike, are typically driven by stories that went viral. And we don't have a deep understanding of events until we understand, we start studying the narratives. And can you give me examples of something recent that happened because of a narrative, a strong narrative? Yeah. OK, the, the Great Recession. We named it the Great Recession in honor of another narrative, which is the Great Depression. Now you would think that people would be forgetting about the Great Depression. That was 1929 and well into the '30s. Like 10 years of economic slowdown. But it's a long time ago. You think people are forgetting about it. But they're not. And in fact, in the early 2000s, references to that exploded. I count, I count these things, how often they come back in the news media. So, and then we named it the Great Recession. It's obviously a reference to the Great Depression. And so people became scared and they stopped spending. They didn't stop spending, but they cut back. You know they think, should we go on a cruise this year? Well, maybe not. You know, I feel a little unsettled. It's going to cost a lot of money. If people cut back on their consumption enough that we have a recession. And these stories impact the economy in a way that otherwise wouldn't necessarily be happening. A lot of economists seem to think, want to think, that it must be something about technology, or productivity, or maybe what the central bank did. But I think it's, it's more generated in people's minds. And what's so strong about the bitcoin story? Oh yeah, I use that as Chapter 1 of my book. It's an example of how good stories create economic events. And in the case where - I think it's clearly traceable to the story. Now I'm not going to even comment on whether bitcoin is a good idea or not. It doesn't matter. I'm just looking at the story. The story was that a man named Satoshi Nakamoto had an invention which he promulgated on the internet around 2008. And, it's the greatest, most wonderful invention in a long, long time. It ties into stories about anarchism. Anarchists don't like government. Well, bitcoin didn't ask anybody's permission. They didn't go to any regulator to start their bitcoin. And it's not even tied to a country. It's international. We're all cosmopolitans now. It just seems like a good story. And then they put a little mystery into it. Satoshi Nakamoto has never been spotted by anyone who tells us about these things. How could it be? He's one of the most famous people in the world now. And yet no one has met him. So maybe he doesn't exist. Maybe there is a committee, maybe it's a conspiracy. Who knows? But somebody wrote a nice paper that was, it just has an excitement. I can see people transform. When I bring it up in my class, my students react, they wake up when I bring up bitcoin. How do you separate out the story from what's real? And how much can the story affect what becomes real? It isn't a single story, every telling of the story is a little different. There's a core idea in the story. And, how do you tell whether it's a real story or not? That takes work. And in the case of bitcoin it's kind of difficult to think through it. It's not, it's impressive. It's not easy. But you can work at it. The problem is, if you reach a decision about bitcoin one way or the other, it'll never get out, because it can't compete with the narrative quality of the original story. Can you tell me about the Laffer curve, something that I think a lot of people take to be fact, but you say that a lot of the strength from it comes from this very simple story. Yes, so I'll tell you a story. In 1974, an economist named Art Laffer was having dinner at the Two Continents restaurant, a nice restaurant in Washington DC. And he was having it with Donald Rumsfeld, who was the secretary of defense for the United States - really big shot guy - and Dick Cheney, who would soon become vice president of the United States. So a bunch of the - and also Jude Wanniski, who is a writer for the Wall Street Journal who wrote the story up. And in that story, Art Laffer draws a diagram on a napkin, called the Laffer curve, which illustrates, I won't get into the details, but supposedly illustrates dramatically how taxes can hurt incentives and destroy the economy. And that even if you, if you actually cut taxes, you may collect more taxes even though you cut, because people will be so much more affluent, they'll be working and producing. Nice story. It went viral. But not in 1974. It wasn't until in 1978, when Jude Wanniski wrote a book, a best-selling book called "The Way the World Works," and he tells this story about the dinner. And afterwards, people want to know the whole story. They ask about the napkin. The napkin is a visual image that enhances the story. And there it is. It's now many years later - the Laffer curve went through a typical epidemic. It expanded right after 1978. And everyone was talking about the Laffer curve. Same time as Rubik's cube came out. That was another, another such fad. Laffer curve and Rubik's cube were both around that time. They both faded somewhat. But they're both still here. And Laffer is coming back. It has an internal dynamic like that of a disease. I'm not calling it a disease. How much does narratives impact how the fed communicates or how the president communicates? How much does that impact the economy? The people who take positions like fed or treasury secretary become intuitive narrative economists even though they weren't taught any of that in grad school, because it's so obvious that the narrative matters. So for example, when the Northern Rock bank failed in the UK in 2008, the chancellor of the exchequer and the head of the Bank of England reacted immediately because they didn't want, it looked like it was a story about a bank run. This bank was failing and depositors were worried that they wouldn't get all of their money out. There was deposit insurance, but it was only up to a small amount. And people who had their life savings, planning for retirement, panicked, they thought, maybe I'll lose all of it. And so they rushed to the bank, and of course it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. The bank can't pay out all this money at once. What about Trump? So what I was going to say, Oh yeah, sorry. They immediately rescued the Northern Rock bank and paid off all the depositors. So, the reason they did that is they didn't want the narrative to get started. They knew that in the past it was rumor and stories that people went to many different banks and asked for their money right away. And what about Trump? Is he good at this? Has he been able to - This is one place where I can be lavish in my praise of Donald Trump. He is very good at narratives. He's very good at judging audiences. He experiments. This is a way, the way you launch narratives. You never know whether it will go well. He listens to the audience. He creates a whole story. The story of him at his rally, which is spread by word of mouth. It's a visceral thing. Most of these people had never gone to a presidential speech before. And if they did it would've been boring. He'd be talking about statistics on the national deficit or something like that. Trump is not boring, really not boring. And it started a word of mouth thing that was huge. And how much has this increase, or is it the same, with social media? Is the impact of narratives bigger or faster, or can we just see it more? Well, the impact of narratives is bigger with social media. But I have to say, I think the mistake people make is more often underestimating how important narratives were long ago. So we have the Latin word rumor, that has the same meaning as it does today. What is a rumor? It's a contagious narrative, right? Which is not fact-checked by anyone, it's just out there. So they knew about this thousands of years ago, and it was a factor thousands of years ago. But yes, it is bigger today. We're living in a world with expanded information technology and ability to communicate. And to communicate with like-minded people. To find each other. Maybe they had computer dating and maybe that helped people find their spouse. But it's much bigger now. They're not just, it's finding someone who has the same political views as you that you can talk with. And you talk about how difficult it is to predict economic performance in the long term. Is that because of how much narratives play a part? It's hard to predict whether a new movie which hasn't been shown yet will be a success. Notoriously hard. The director might have had successful movies in the past, he has famous actors and actresses, but nothing seemed to click this time. It's when you put the movie in front of the audience and you start to listen to the word of mouth. And how does that relate to, like, GDP estimates two years out? So when you talk about, oh, yeah, they're not very good at forecasting GDP two years out because the disturbances are, I think, narrative-based. And they don't generally systematically study them. And unfortunately, it does require some human judgment at this time anyway, to understand the importance of narratives. Is there one big narrative that is happening right now that you think we should be paying attention to or that's dislocating something? Well, a narrative that comes to mind is the artificial intelligence revolution. And we have many stories of neat things. Like your smart speaker, I guess like Amazon Echo that you have. It's kind of, it does seem like the the new world. Something really fundamental has changed. But I don't think it has scared us yet profoundly because we don't have high unemployment. So people think, well, but the economy is strong so, not worry about it now. But I think if we do have another recession, that narrative could come roaring back and become again an obstacle to recovery.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robin_5602 [17 likes]: What he’s trying to say is that memers are the supreme investors and day traders. Check Tesla, we memed it to a bursting stock.
  2. @Nightdragon199 [16 likes]: The interviewer has absolutely no clue what she’s talking about
  3. @gitapremnath [8 likes]: He is yale university teacher I took your financial markets class
  4. @xxnike0629xx [4 likes]: Of course viral stories has a strong impact on major economic events.

Many people will assume people forgot about the Great Depression but how could people forget after the economic depression in the early 2000s and arguable still a problem even to this day.
People in general are not spending as much in fear of not being able to afford to pay the bills later on or worrying about needing money for an emergency situation.
What's bad is that the cost of living has steadily been going up, but the the wages of people has not been steadily going up.
Recently I am aware that many states in the US have raised the minimum wage, but companies are hiring less and giving fewer hours to people that work hourly.

Anyway, trends are always changing so of course it's "...difficult to make long-term economic predictions."
Therefore the appropriate action would be to learn & understand the trends, keep up with trends, and make decisions based on said trends while accounting for its volatility through constantly changing.
  5. @beasaroze5596 [3 likes]: Is his name really SHILL-er?   😆😂
  6. @deluluinsane [2 likes]: One of the greatest Economist of this century and the nicest person ever.
  7. @NewMindGarden [2 likes]: Amazing..❤❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @sigggo [2 likes]: Who else went straight down to the comments?! 💥





ɪ’ᴍ sᴜʙʙɪɴɢ ᴛᴏ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏᴏɴᴇ ᴡʜᴏ sᴜʙs ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ 🤙
  9. @Sequenceserenade [1 likes]: Underbite
  10. @davidstaudohar6268 [1 likes]: Great Northern mall in Ohio is , out of business, Gone and forgotten, 🇺🇸💔🇺🇸 bye bye American pie staudohar.com
  11. @Name-mi7bx: Coronavirus is the best Economic impact Good job Trump. i should've got in to the stock market early i would've make thousands.
  12. @Voiceofreason772: Interesting concept, poor examples.
  13. @erlosung5112: She sounds like a 40 yo smoker
  14. @simerpreet6703: The genius behind 'Irrational Exuberance'
  15. @zacharyng: Hope Davos 2020 will bring the healing the world needs from the tariff wars and disasters just in January this year alone!
  16. @shelvin1844: Very insightful
  17. @skulcrew2944: 17 view
  18. @maxtenyson9704: First...

- How K-beauty went from viral trend to economic powerhouse | BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en Now in 2025, South Korea surpassed the US to become the world's second largest cosmetics exporter after France. The global obsession with Korean beauty has seen a rise in the use of products from the region. It's known as K beauty. So what's behind its growth? Our Asia business correspondent Saranja Tawari reports from South Korea. This looks so good is known to be super innovative. Search for Korean skincare on any social media platform and you'll find hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of videos, posts, and reviews. >> By moisturizing, you're helping the skin cells, too. Beauty influencer Leah Yu has more than a million followers on YouTube and regularly posts about K beauty >> South Korean technology in terms of the formulation, the texture experience and the overall sensorial and the experiential experience of the product in skincare how it's really really been [music] optimized for social media. >> It's a booming business. Last year, South Korean companies sold $10 billion worth of beauty products to customers around the world. There's no doubt K beauty is riding the K culture wave. And products have become so popular worldwide, they're now stocked in global retailers like Sephora, Boots, and Walmart. [music] In the heart of Seoul, K beauty is absolutely everywhere. And when you come into a big retail store like this one, you get a sense of just how big the industry is. It's estimated that 30,000 brands are constantly innovating and turnurning out new products using unique ingredients. And it's not just the big Korean names. The independent brands are also gaining popularity both here and overseas. In such a crowded market, fierce competition has triggered price wars. But that also means customers have access to high quality products that are affordable, too. Amorei Pacific is South Korea's largest beauty company. At its factory outside Soul, automated production lines are churning out products that influencers and celebrities gush about. Lania's water sleeping mask is so popular that one unit is sold every 13 seconds somewhere in the world. Besides Lan, Amorei Pacific also owns other well-known brands like CO RX and Inis free. K beauty did not emerge overnight. It developed over 20 years alongside the rise of K culture and we believe it's not a trend but a mainstream movement that will last for a long time. Last year, for the first time in our 80year history, Amori Pacific's North America business became larger than China. The elaborate ecosystem in South Korea keeps costs down and means companies can launch products quickly, going from concept to shelf in under 6 months, something that can take Western brands years. In December, the South Korean government officially recognized K beauty as a strategic national asset. It's promised policies to help manufacturing and boost exports, a vote of confidence in the industry, and an investment to make sure its global glowup continues to brighten. Suran Janatwari, BBC News, Soul.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ytjs-f8h [27 likes]: 중국산 가짜도 온라인에 많다.
꼭 공식온라인이나 매장에서 사세요
  2. @tkd3963 [14 likes]: Stay away from counterfeit chinese products. It's best to buy them from official online shops or at costco.
  3. @Lovesomuch-q3d [8 likes]: I’m a Korean living in the U.S., and thankfully, I get a lot of compliments on my skin here.
In my opinion, when it comes to skincare products, Korean sunscreen and sheet masks are truly amazing.

But even more important than cosmetics is Korean food.
The Korean diet has an excellent balance of vegetables and meat, along with a wide variety of fermented foods like kimchi.
  4. @EushaYo [5 likes]: BBC aren't you a bit late?
  5. @DrWho44 [4 likes]: I don't know about k-beauty thing. I recently bought some Korean gel collagen cream from boots because it was on offer. I used a bit and found it was pretty good for my dry skin. I don't know why but I applied it on my husband's greasy face. Dear lord, I don't know what happened. This gel cream worked like wonder. It keeps my dry skin moist and keep my husband's greasy skin matt. It's a witches potion!!!
  6. @cxhfkj [4 likes]: Primera facial mild peeling gel. Best for exfoliating. Above all, it's mild. 
I'm Korean and Primera toner, mild foam, and peeling gel are really good
  7. @raooi [3 likes]: very old topic。k beauty products have been a hit for at least  a  decade....
  8. @mnapier1142 [3 likes]: I went to Seoul in June and stocked up. PDRN and sunscreen are the best! Very reasonable prices. I have rosacea and none of the K products aggravate my sensitive skin.
  9. @Ingrid0410 [3 likes]: As a 35 yr Esthetician I hv to say the Medicube capsule cream had helped my skin!! Look 10 yrs younger
  10. @AriannaAyers [2 likes]: CNBC Called this 6 years ago. Way too late BBC News, lol. 😂
  11. @michaellim4165 [2 likes]: Korean beauty products are the real deal. They use many natural ingredients, which differentiate them from other Western companies that rely on artificial substitutes that can cause rashes and other skin irritations.
  12. @Ima184mm [2 likes]: K-beauty for Everyone 🦾
  13. @gangstarr2013 [2 likes]: not South Korea, but a province of China.
  14. @jihojio2118 [1 likes]: 한국인이라서 하는 말이 아니라  한국화장품 진짜 싸고 질이 좋음 이게 30년전부터 시작된 현상임
  15. @audreyplagmeijer2764 [1 likes]: I used K beauty and also korean treatment…my gosh..my skin really really better, i am 43 years old..and my face skin still glowing. Peoples always thingking that i am 30+ 😂
  16. @kaeci. [1 likes]: I stopped using western products when I learned they test on animals.. These animals suffer tremendously.. They get sick, deaf, blind and even d*e. Asian products are more nature and animal friendly as they use mostly organic ingredients. (Except China of course, it's hard to trust them lol)
  17. @koonsickgreen6272 [1 likes]: BBC caught up on liberal agenda becomes 4 years too late to a global trend
  18. @jangsaintlang: The Essence(K-Beauty Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_rGqJESg4Q&list=OLAK5uy_mBRRALkDE72XS9xurUgtzJBwJV37Cr6R8
  19. @말보루-t6c: 인기있는 이유가 싸고 품질이좋다 끝
  20. @Jinvj-h2s: China only young 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

- Go Viral, Get Paid!: Kind: captions Language: en do you have an amazing clip cute video epic win super satisfying hilarious clip epic fail are you ready to go viral sign up with Yoon digital today Yoon exposes your clips to a global audience places them in television and broadcast networks and creates opportunities with brands and partners the best part your digital pays your royalties directly to you with no out-of-pocket fees ever there's no risk to sign up so start today you digital go viral get paid go to Yoon digital calm now you

- Unleashing The Power Of Ai In Finance To Go Viral!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Harnessing Artificial Intelligence to Transform Your Financial Future

- 3 Viral Construction Fails explained: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we look at three real construction failures that went viral. What went wrong and could they have been prevented? Let's start with the first scaffolding. The scaffold looks badly fixed to the building and the entire surface is covered in tarp and then the wind picks up. What many people don't realize is that tarp scaffolding acts like a sail. Wind loads can increase 10fold in seconds. If the anchors or couplings aren't designed for that, this happens. A massive steel frame crashing down. When you pause the video at the moment that the scaffolding collapses, you also realize that there might be a lack of bracings to bring wind forces to the foundation. Next up, a wedding, a full dance floor, and suddenly collapse. Why? Dynamic loading. When dozens of people move or jump altogether, it creates rhythmic forces that are far greater than static loads. At an old weakened floor, or a floor that is not meant for these loads, the disaster strikes. Probably the movement of the floor while dancing was being ignored. And finally, a five-story building in Egypt collapses. The cause, a tenant removed a loadbearing wall, probably to create more space. But that wall was carrying part of the structure. Once removed, without necessary support or reinforcement, the building lost its stability. One wall, five floors, three mistakes, three collapses. And in every case, it could have been avoided. Want more real world breakdowns like this? Subscribe and tell me in the comments which case I should cover

  Top Comments:
  1. @mire186 [2 likes]: Interesting! These videos don’t belong in funny video channels
  2. @MoneyWastedTV [1 likes]: Which of these three failures shocked you the most?
Let me know in the comments — and suggest the next one I should break down
  3. @philipstreechon4523: Please do a video on outboard boat transom also an IO conversion to OB with an Armstrong bracket this looks very bad to me thanks.

- Viral Video of a Man's Crazy Job Interview: Kind: captions Language: en before we get going I just wanted you to know um there did you notice that I'm wearing blue cuz I saw your company has blue blue logo so I want the blue that I mean that's that's a nice shirt but actually our logo is red uh just for for information it's red yeah but I like it I mean oh wait oh no it's another company sorry I mix I mixed it up gotcha gotcha I understand uh well I have a red I have your red sweat I even should I go should I no no no not necessary it's not a problem we're just getting to know each other today um before before I get going I just want you to know there are no right or wrong answers I just want you to answer honestly okay and but and one more thing just to confirm um you are clear on the pay the pay is 60,000 a year with a 10% yearly bonus uh can you confirm that was what you were looking at 60,000 yeah Ah that's that's not even enough for like by the time you pay har money CH support like we've not we're not even talking about feeding yet 60 only is that the it's fine oh so we can we can talk about that um you know further I'm not greedy anything begar can be choosers it's okay I we manage are we manage I I'll mention that it is industry standard so uh but again you know in further interviews that can be negotiated I will I will let you know that that's it's that's common practice but it is industry standard um that's fine and one other thing um we did start a new uh mandate where you know we would like our employees to be into the office five days a week are you okay with that F your five does you're saying five days a week like the other people do seven days a week that's the whole week now five days yeah business week yep that's right if I wanted to do five days I would have gone to work at Amazon or something well it is it is a normal business week I mean many many companies you know you don't work from home no not not here no rent is high I can't be paying high rent if I'm paying the rent that I'm paying I might as well be able to utilize it as home and office but now you're saying I have to pay rent here and also drive to the office too well are we are we close proximity do you have to commute very far no yeah it's I drive gas wear and tear on the vehicle insurance mileage and danger too you know there a lot of criminals on the road just me leaving my house every time is very dangerous so it's just all this only for but it's okay let's let's continue it's fine okay um well I you might want to consider if your commu is over an hour you might want to consider you know moving moving closer to your workplace um and if we do you people you people are in Midtown move close to Midtown on with 60,000 how how will I do that do I do I do magic it's not possible now are you going to increase the pay okay um yeah we have to consider increasing the pay now if you want me to move move this thing close Okay well I mean it we do have several people who live close so it's doable definitely in the surrounding areas but anyway so on my resume there did did it did even say that I I went to Stanford you went to Stanford uh yeah I definitely didn't see that on your resume no I didn't put you I didn't want to I didn't want to be I didn't want to I'm a humble person but I did I want to start yeah well I would suggest putting that on there that's that's a big deal and that's a big accomplishment tell I'm that's very interesting tell me more about that the tell you about what about your experience at at Stanford at oh so I have it so my cousin just got into medical school there so we went to visit him so went to California it was so basically because I I used to live with his mother so we went for like one for like two hours we went to visit him and dropped off some food and everything and we came back it was a very interesting campus you know but was see I like I thought she was nice you went there or or like you visited there or you attended Stanford no I went to Stanford like to school or or you just went to visit your cousin who's in medical school there my cousin goes to school at Stanford so I went okay so I just want to make sure I understand because I don't think I don't think I think our wires are getting crossed here so you attended school for four years at the University of Stanford or Stanford University I think is how you say it but is that what you're saying I was there for a couple of us oh so you you don't have a degree from Stanford no no no no I was just there for a couple of hours I've been I know what it looks like got it okay so I yeah I wouldn't put that on your resume that that's that's not qualified as attending Stanford I I wouldn't bother I attended I said I wi went there I've been before it's like if you go to a football game you know say I went to a football game oh okay yeah yeah well I like I have hobbies exct I do I have different Hobbies because sometime before you ask me what my hobbies are outside of work I like to visit family and all this things so okay okay um just advice you know I wouldn't you left it off your resume and that's the right thing to do I wouldn't put the Stanford thing on your resume uh I would just leave that off just just I didn't put it oh I know I know I didn't okay yeah I think we're I think we're on the same page now M maybe not fully but yeah just leave it off of the resume that's uh not usually something you would put on there um Let me let me move on um what do you want no I'm doing call now I'm doing you see how many times will you eat in one day can you just rest for once sorry you got you have kiddos that I do I do have um do I get it sometimes they they interrupt they don't they don't uh they don't care what you're doing I totally understand um I think this one is my own even anyway that's okay um well let let's move on to the next uh next question so you know we all have strength and weaknesses right and um I'd like to ask you what you think you can improve on what do you think your weaknesses are ah my weak I don't know if I got answer this one honestly I don't know can I can I it honestly you're a man right man to man I can yes honesty is the best best practice okay because you said at the beginning of the call that just honest answers so is women women women are my weakness you know so he something can you expand on that a little women I like I like women so they're my biggest biggest weakness so but but yes uh I just want to make sure I clarify at work you know we have some very strict HR standards so for you know just interactions in general but you know if if women are your weakness I a problem with women I just say women are my weakness I didn't say I have a problem with women I'm very I support women sure but can you explain to me a little further what you mean by women are your weakness women are women are my weak you know I I have I when they see me like this I think we should even you should before before I start before I start next month when I start the job you need to send an email companywide email telling them that I'm about to start because once I Lear like this everything just they don't know how to act I don't know how to act around you is that what you're saying around me it's like a it's a I I don't even know how to describe the phenomenon it's a very they don't know so is their my weakness also but they don't know how to I'm their weakness and they my weakness it's a very it's just a weak problem okay uh and have you had any um issues with that at you know former workplaces any any problems with that that's where I from that's why I say let me walk from home if I walk from home there won't be any of these issues they can see me on zoom on Zoom like this I don't I turn off my camera on Zoom because if they see my face like this then we can't even have a productive meeting so specifically specifically and very important I do need to know this have there been any other issues between you and women or a woman at any other workplace no why would there be any issue no issue I'm just saying just because of crowd control I usually they give me a computer and desk and tell me to work from home crowd control it gets crazy have you been to a a tlor Swift concert before it looks something like that um there's line there will be a line like this and they will have do you have a Office security yeah yes well if you insist for me to your office you're going to need to double your staff of security because you out of hand I'm just not even sure really really how to respond to that when you say crowd control you I I just I'm not just let me work from home if you don't understand just let me work from home change it to a remote job okay well I'll yeah we we'll we'll have to revisit that for sure so what other weaknesses do do do you have weakness I'm not that's mly weakness okay okay so with that I guess I guess I would say you know we'll be in touch um and we'll uh we'll let you know the results because we do have to interview a few other candidates for for the position so um once so when will I find out now uh we we'll send you an email uh either way are you are you going to hire me or not am I going to hire you I can't answer that question right now uh we've got other candidates is the you can I accept the 60,000 it's fine well I mean that's great but but I I'm not in the position to hire you right now we have to interview our I know now you said why not if you see somebody you like just hire them now what's they need for all the all this uh all this uh this rig my listen I appreciate your eager eagerness to start working with us but I'm ready I can start now even he's I know but we I can even started to like 9:30 just today since the first day work from 4: to 9: and then tomorrow I start at 88 I work from 8 to when when you want me to stop tomorrow tomorrow is a weekend though but I don't mind well so hold on just just just I don't mind I I understand there's a procedure to this though I I have to we have to do this interview and then we're required to have an interview a second interview with some of my management and then we'll decide them how I was now oh I can't do that we have to have a second interview that's just part of I have a job off hour let me just tell you now Amazon even oh okay well I mean that's great I'm glad you do but but we have to follow our procedure that's just internal rules it is the way it is I mean if you don't hire me now someone else might hire me I I can't do that you you lose this opportunity to hire me I understand but but we listen we'll schedule a second interview if we deem that that's necessary and then we'll go I don't have any J off I'm just saying that but just I'm very I want to walk for you people honestly because when I was looking online I there were so many jobs was was your own that I chose oh okay well listen we again really appreciate your eagerness to start with us and and enthusiasm so here's what we're going to do we're going to be in touch um I've got another meeting coming up here in five minutes so I've got to run and get prepared for that one um is that another interview it is it is who are you interviewing who's that person well I can't divulge that that's that's confidential no I don't mean who's that what's that name I mean like a man woman I I I can't do that so so here's what we'll do I'm gonna I've got to run um but we will be in touch on whether we'll do a second interview after we've interviewed all the other other candidates like this week or when uh it'll be next week next week but you're interviewing the person today now you can just decide after you interview them there are some others as well it's not the only interview but but that's that's what we have to do so the hiring system is convoluted you people should streamline I can help you streamline the hiring interview if you hire me I can help you streamline the process that way you don't have to interview 10 people over two weeks I can come in and help you you see it's not even in a job description but I will do extra I I understand but I I have to go we we've got the next call coming up so I I do have to go so I appreciate your time and should I email you or would you email me I will email you I can email you no I will don't worry I can follow up like I'm a very I'm very active listen I will follow you have my word we will email you no matter what I'm just demonstrating my you know I I get it I get it we'll email you either way whether we move forward or not so can I give you my phone number you can just text me no need for email that's that's that's not how it works it's through email no but you know sometimes you send email and somebody won't read it till like a couple of days not this one if you send me text I will see it right away okay well what's your phone number I do really need to go so I I can't give you my personal phone number that's against the rules no your business phone number you don't have business phone that's online you can find that online no your own personal not the company uh I I don't have that we I have my cell phone and I have our office phone number that's it so in the entire whole office you people don't have person now s business phone so it's it's it's an entire office phone yes you call into the office and they direct you to that office specific yeah so what's your own extension is what I'm asking oh oh got it okay extension is 2231 so if I call this extension now I reach you not well no you're with me right now why would you do that I mean later to follow up on the interview well yeah but don't call me and if you wanted to call you can call next week but honestly we're going to email you either way whether we decide to move for with you or not no call tomorrow uh that we won't have a decision by tomorrow no it's okay I'll just call just to check in and see how things are going we won't have an answer I mean you can call but we we won't have an answer but sir I I really gotta go I have to I'm already late for this next meeting so are you okay so how many uh sub will I will I have a will people report to me will I have will I manage people I have managing experience I have hey I I

  Top Comments:
  1. @jordanhansen8631: hes just saying what we're all thinking...
  2. @shawnmorymcmillion: He should be a comedian!
  3. @shawnmorymcmillion: I prayed this wasn’t a skit…apparently it’s not!😂😂😂😮
  4. @jujubee9422: Hang up and let that weirdo go!!
  5. @ioftheuniverse2384: If they're hiring for honesty,  HIRE THIS MAN
  6. @Soccerstu44: This isn’t a real interview.
  7. @mayirbrodisher: Bro can I offer you a job on YouTube
  8. @notscf: I'm finding Wes on LinkedIn ASAP!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣I wanna work for him!
  9. @amrita141: U need to make more interview skits 😂
  10. @CosmicCorona333: It's funny.....however it's a Skit.....
  11. @JohnsonStobeck: This is too good of acting haha
  12. @WilliePete36: He gave that job to the other candidates.
  13. @WilliePete36: 7 mins in & he still wants to hire him?
  14. @WilliePete36: Why mention Stanford if u did not attend or graduate? Lol
  15. @WilliePete36: He don't know how America works
  16. @WilliePete36: I woulda failed him after the sweater committ
  17. @onetruekeeper: The only thing that is important to ask a interviewee is if they can do the job that is required from them and if the wages offered is satisfactory ?  Everything else is irrelevant and probably a invasion of privacy.
  18. @johngibson.youhavesuchachi3084: Such an obnoxious,  disrespectful,  entitled idiot.  An employers nightmare. Got absolutely nothing of any value to add to a workplace.
  19. @KaidonJackson-e8x: “When I start the job” is craziness
  20. @Chris-hp8yf: Crowd control 😂

- Worst Startup Business Fails: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Many startups fail, but some fail so spectacularly that they become forever enshrined in notoriety. Whether it's wildcard, wannabe-rock-star CEOs, false advertising, or generally ridiculous ideas, some startups are destined for an explosive demise. Strap a pillow to your hand and prepare to facepalm yourself into oblivion, as we explore some of the most hilariously tragic stories of failure in startup history. (soft music) - Amazing. - [Narrator] Number 10, Clinkle. Before Apple Pay and Google Wallet became the pervasive forces they are today, a promising app seemed likely to take the newfound mobile payments market by storm. Clinkle, founded by Lucas Duplan in 2011, once enjoyed investments from the likes of Richard Branson and raised $25 million in a matter of three months. The extent of their confidence that Clinkle would eventually make paper money obsolete was demonstrated in a leaked photo showing Duplan and Branson burning piles of fake money. But this confidence came long before the final product was ready, and it would be three years before a restricted-access version was released to college students. To make matters worse, the app barely worked, and other services like Venmo and Apple Pay were rapidly taking over the market. All that hype led to nothing more than a rapid spending spree in an effort to get things off the ground, and employees began to quit en-masse in protest of their unreliable CEO. 2015 saw Clinkle's eventual demise, mere months after the publicly-available version finally launched. It seems fate isn't a big fan of obnoxious overconfidence. Number nine, Secret. Secret was an anonymous message posting app launched by David Byttow in 2013. People were able to use the app to share secrets with others in their area, and unsurprisingly, hateful messages, rumor-spreading and bullying soon became prevalent. Although this was essentially the app's original purpose, Byttow claimed it had deviated from his original vision. He and his co-founder used this excuse to pocket their investors' millions. Byttow even bought a Ferrari while slowly, furtively moving towards collapsing his company. Secret eventually shut down in 2015, and Bill Marris of Google Ventures, a former Secret investor, compared Byttow and his partner's actions to a "bank heist." To whatever extent this shutdown had been the long-game plan for Byttow, he certainly enjoyed the gold-lined pockets of a master robber after the debacle. But the true losers in the situation were his employees', who were left with empty pockets, while their CEO drove his new Ferrari off into the sunset. Number eight, Lily Robotics. As 2015 was wrapping up, 60,000 people were excitedly awaiting the arrival of their special new drones. You see, earlier that year, Lily Robotics launched a crowdfunding campaign for a small drone that could automatically follow you around, taking pictures and videos. It was a great concept for everyone from travel enthusiasts to surfers, and went viral instantly. The attention netted Lily an astonishing $34 million in pre-sales. But, as big of a check as that was, it was no match for the RandD cost it was meant to cover. You see, when they launched the campaign, their product wasn't finished. In fact, leaked emails revealed that they'd actually used GoPro footage to promote the Lily Drone, and their offices were raided on fraud charges as a result. With no actual product and all their money gone, they were forced to offer refunds and went bankrupt in 2017. Number seven, theGlobe.com. Before Facebook and even Myspace, the social network making waves was theGlobe.com. Their stock price jumped 600% the day they debuted on the market in 1998; the biggest ever first-day price increase at the time. But theGlobe's CEO and founder, Stephan Paternot, liked spending money as much as making it. He was often spotted strutting about clubs in velvet pants with model companions, pompously issuing remarks like, "Got the girl. Got the money. Now I'm ready to live a disgusting, frivolous life." Those words didn't age well. Economic tides shifted, and when the dot-com bubble burst, theGlobe.com saw their shares, once worth $97 each, plummet to less than 25 cents. Investors pulled out, and both Paternot and his co-CEO stepped down from the company in 2000. The lesson, don't fly too close to the sun, especially when you're wearing velvet pants. Number six, Powa Technologies. According to CEO Dan Wagner, the long-term goal of Powa Technologies was to become "the biggest tech firm in living memory." All they had to do was release a star product; something everybody would want; a code scanner? That's right, along with a mobile app and point-of-sale terminals for retailers, one of the company's debut products was a scanner known as the "PowaTag", which launched in 2014. The idea was that consumers could use it to buy products from advertisements that displayed a special tag. If that sounds like a glorified QR scanner, that's because it was. Attempting to take on companies like Apple for the number-one tech spot with ideas of this kind was brave, to say the least. Despite this, they enjoyed a promising start, raising $175 million in a year and a half. At their peak in 2015, they were even valued at $2.7 billion, making them one of the most valuable startups at the time. They were even praised by the prime minister of the UK at one point. Success would be short lived, though, thanks to their failure to deliver on product promises, excessive salaries for the higher-ups and a propensity for lavishness. Opulent parties with rivers of sparkling wine and strippers for entertainment were commonplace, which would've been less damaging if Powa was bringing in money. It wasn't. In fact, as 2015 wore on, public interest diminished and they failed to pay many of their staff and contractors, all the while their CEO was having a great time sending staff emails about dressing up as David Bowie. Damn those pants are tight. Eventually, Powa filed for bankruptcy, and its main divisions, including PowaTag were sold off. There may have been plenty of booze and strippers, but ultimately, the company lost that game of PowaTag. Number five, CueCat. Although the PowaTag seems like a uniquely dull idea, it can't even claim originality. The concept originally emerged during the tech boom of the late 1990s, in a goofy invention called the CueCat. The device plugged into your PC and could scan special barcodes on products and magazines, taking you to websites in turn. It resembled a cat, pairing seamlessly with your mouse because who doesn't want their desk to look like a barn? In a leap of totally unfounded faith, the company sent millions of these plastic felines to people across the US for free. This was, of course, an effort to create hype, which was bolstered by Wired and BusinessWeek throwing CueCat codes into their magazines during the launch. The recipients, however, didn't feel like keeping the weird, wired device by their side when they read magazines. The lack of any discernible public interest led to them becoming a $185 million failure for investors, and a bizarre, forgotten relic of the era. Number four, iSmell. Would you like to smell the internet? You know, just get a good whiff of whatever you're looking at? If you're currently frowning in confusion and disgust, congratulations, you're a normal person with normal reactions to bad ideas. But in the early 2000s, DigiScents Inc. lacked your rational sensibility. Seeking to distill the aromatic essences of enjoyable experiences like a walk on sun-kissed beaches filled with beautiful people, the company's founders came up with one of the most wonderfully-weird ideas of all time. Seeking to create a type of smell-o-vision for the internet, DigiScents raised an impressive $20M from investors in Asia. The device connected to a computer, and would issue a selection of scents related to what was onscreen. The aromas came from replaceable cartridges filled with tiny vials of scented oil. Whether it be oranges, sardines, or a campfire, the primary scents would be heated and vented out of the device, which reportedly covered a huge range of smells. With the interestingly named iSmell, DigiScents managed to secure high-profile partnerships with Sony, Microsoft, and others who were eager to integrate smell into the digital sphere, even in video games. But it never occurred to them to ask customers if they'd buy it. They found out the answer, regardless. With near-zero demand and technical flaws that made the scents blend into an eau de no.2, the company was shut down in late 2001. But hey, if you ever want to know what $20 million of investor cash burning smells like, just plug in an iSmell and crank it up to 11. Number three, Juicero. When it launched in 2016, Juicero was touted as the first cold-press juicing system you could have in your very own home. It could connect to WiFi - because why not? And utilized single serving packets of chopped vegetables and fruits, which were acquired through a subscription. Founder Doug Evans promised his product would bring clean living and wellness to the people. Investors bought into the idea, and the company nabbed investments of $120 million. There was one minor problem, though: the machine cost as much as $700, and that was before you got the packets. But the true disaster came when people realized you could get the same juice the machine would spit out if you squeezed the $8 bags by hand. In light of this, Juicero promised refunds to customers and offered to release a $200 version, but it was too late. Juicero closed its doors in 2017, becoming synonymous with all the worst aspects of Silicon Valley cons. Number two, Pixelon. Being an early video streaming platform in the late 90s, you'd think that Pixelon would be known for helping pioneer a now-ubiquitous technology. Nope. What they are known for, however, is throwing a sweet party How sweet was this party, you ask? Well, the MGM Las Vegas bash in October of '99, their launch party, included Kiss, Tony Bennett, Sugar Ray, Faith Hill, Dixie Chicks, Natalie Cole, and The Who. In fact, Pixelon CEO Michael Fenne actually paid The Who to reunite just for that show. As a matter of fact, Fenne was - in himself another thing Pixelon became known for, but not for the kind of reasons a company usually wants. After all, having a CEO that turns out to be a wanted white-collar criminal living and working under an alias isn't too high up on most quarterly agendas. "Michael's" actual name was David Stanley, and he'd been on the run from Virginia State Police since 1996 after defrauding parishioners at the church where his father preached. He changed his name, reappeared in California, and started Pixelon with his business partner Paul Ward. Oh, and that famous party? They were supposed to live stream it with Pixelon's tech, but error after error popped up, and it became evident to all that their supposedly-innovative technologies were wildly exaggerated. Angry board members ousted "Michael" from his position by mid-November. A few months afterward, police found him in Orange County and he turned himself in. Pixelon underwent a sudden, violent decline in the following year and filed for bankruptcy in June 2000. But having had the shindig of the decade, was it really a failure? Let me know what you think in the comments. Before I unveil the greatest startup failure of all time, there's one startup that deserves an honorable mention. This particular startup - known as "No More Woof" promised to answer a question every dog owner has had: what if dogs could speak? Unfortunately, the Indiegogo backers were never given that answer, as the company took their money and disappeared into radio silence. In their Indiegogo campaign, No More Woof had promised to use innovative scientific principles to process doggy brainwaves into human language. Unsurprisingly, the project proved unviable, and after months of silence, the startup eventually issued all backers a refund. But there's more hilarious failed startups that failed to get enough funding. This is PAUL, a Smartphone Charger that's built into an art sculpture. At $400 a piece on the Kickstarter website, it's a wonder why even two people put money forward to back it. Number one, Theranos. In 2003, when she was just 19, Elizabeth Holmes started Theranos. After dropping out of Stanford, she put together the mother of all sales pitches for a device that could test for almost any disease with a few blood drops. Garnering instant confidence from top-tier investors, Theranos hit a $1 billion value by 2010, three years before the company would introduce itself publicly. As the decade progressed, the company reached a $10 billion valuation, and it looked like Theranos was on top of the world. However, in 2015, The Journal of the American Medical Associates published a piece criticizing Theranos for overly-secretive operations and failing to contribute its research to peer-reviewed medical publications. Later that year, ex-employees exposed the awful company management and exaggerated potential of their technology. By exaggerated, they meant their supposedly-revolutionary technology fulfilled almost none of the promises, forcing Theranos to use regular blood-testing equipment. Theranos was charged with massive fraud by the SEC in 2018, and Holmes and former Theranos president Sunny Balwani got hit with 11 counts of fraud themselves. The company shut down in September of 2018, and one of the highest-profile rises and falls in startup history was over. Ouch! Which of these startup fails made you laugh the hardest? With the same opportunities, what would you do differently? Or, like Pixelon, would you just throw the biggest party ever with investors' cash? Let me know in the comments section below. Thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @johannalappi [1 likes]: Muistan tuon penteleen Juiceron ja asun kuitenkin Suomessa joka ei varmaan ollut mikään pää kohde kyseiselle tuotteelle 😅
  2. @General_Belu [1 likes]: Most of these seem to happen in the mid 2010s late 90s or early 2000s
  3. @General_Belu [1 likes]: Most startup’s your ceos and leadership see. To spend all the money at parties and luxuries.
  4. @jjrsht9662 [1 likes]: (Sarcastically) I now know never to throw a party too early.😅😂🤣
  5. @tajmarjackson2930 [1 likes]: Forgot SBF
  6. @valmarsiglia [1 likes]: Jesus, what is up with the narrator's voice?
  7. @TwisedCoily: Might be the first one here to say it but the iSmell literally got reborn as the Game Scent. 
Wonder how long it’ll take that to die out too
  8. @valenciageode25: Maybe Juicero could’ve just been a health drink company that also made normal juicers. May not have made lots of money but it may not flop completely.
  9. @MF-kr4hf: Me and my Dad had the worst start up company ever: a coffee shop without a drive through window.. just wanted to pay a much less amount for rent, but it totally backfired!
  10. @AzumiRM: I don't use paper money or coins anymore. There just isnt a need for it and in my opinion it's obsolete. Plus, if you aren't carrying cash then it makes it hard for people to bother you for change.
  11. @j.p.6932: 8:30 Smell-o-vision could be interesting for porn, lol
  12. @corntrooper8881: Why did those startup companies become so corrupt, it’s business school 101
  13. @EaglesVision999: Speak louder please. You sound like a sad violin.
  14. @360entertainment2: I’m pretty sure the founders of Secret knew what would happen and made the right moves to stay rich!
  15. @RicoDMedia: 😮😳🤦🏾‍♂️
  16. @lindseysloan8735: The smell thing is actually very neat!
  17. @Norironbarsacage: Leisure suit Larry did a smell card in what part 5? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  18. @Ayogenius67: Be amazed makes my day with this voice and drama😅
  19. @luchkabotha7664: Hi, i want to share some pics with you that you can use. But i dont know how. I love your channel
  20. @j.d.4697: Fate may not like obnoxious overconfidence, but karma absolutely loves it.

- How I Overcame Failure | Jack Ma | 馬雲/马云: Kind: captions Language: th ผมไม่เคยมีพ่อรวย ผมพยายามเข้าเรียนในมหาวิทยาลัย 3 ครั้ง แต่ล้มเหลวทั้งหมด ผมสมัครเรียนที่มหาวิทยาลัยฮาวาร์ด 10 ครั้ง ล้มเหลวทั้งหมด พวกเขาไม่ต้องการจะเจอผม ครั้งสุดท้าย ผมไปหาอาจารย์ที่มหาวิทยาลัยโดยหวังว่าพวกเขาจะพิจารณาอีกสักครั้ง 3 ใน 4 ของเพื่อนในเมืองเดียวกับผม ดังนั้นผมจึงไปผมสมัครงาน 30 ครั้ง แต่ก็ถูกปฏิเสธ มันยากมากเลยในตอนนั้น ผมรู้สึกอึดอัดมาก เพราผมสอนในมหาวิทยาลัยด้วย ค่าจ้างของผมคือ 10 ดอลล่า ต่อเดือน เพราะผมไม่สามารถหางานที่ดีกว่านี้ได้แล้ว ในปี 1994 ผมจึงคิดจะทำบางสิ่งที่รียกว่า อินเตอร์เน็ต และ 23 คนของพวกเขาก็ต่อต้านแนวคิดนี้ พวกเขาคิดว่ามันเป็นความคิดที่ไร้สาระ 'พวกเราไม่เคยได้ยินเรื่องอินเตอร์เน็ตมาก่อนและคุณก็ไม่รู้อะไรเกี่ยวกับคอมพิวเตอร์เลย' และผมก็ไม่เคยคิดว่าผมฉลาด ไม่มีใครเชื่อว่าผมจะประสบความสำเร็จ เพราะทุกคนบอกว่า ผู้ชายคนนี้คิอต่างและบ้าไปแล้ว คุณรู้อะไรไหม เขาจะคิดบางที่ไม่มีมีทางเป็นไปได้ ผมพยายามยืมเงิน 3000 ดอลล่าจากธนาคาร มันใช้เวลาถึง 3 เดือนแต่ผมก็ไม่ได้รับมัน ผมหาผู้ร่วมทุน 30 ถึง 40 คน ทุกคนตอบว่า "ไม่" ลืมมันไปซะ ผู้คนมากมายบอกว่า อาลิบาบา เป็นรูปแบบที่ห่วยมากๆ แต่ผมพูดว่า ผมเชื่อมัน และวันนึงมันจะเติบใหญ่ได้ ถ้าเรายังคงทำงานกันต่อไป ผมไม่เคยคิด่ามันจะใหญ่ได้เท่าทุกวันนี้ แต่ผมเชื่อว่าบางอย่างกำลังรอผมอยู่ตรงนั้น และผมต้องทำงานอย่างหนักเพื่อพิสูจน์ตัวเอง นั่นเป็นประสบการณ์ที่หนักหน่วง ดังนั้นเราจึงรวบรวม 5 หมื่นดอลล่า จาก 18 ผู้ก่อตั้ง พวกเราได้เริ่มแล้ว ใน 3 ปีแรก พวกเราไม่มีกำไรแม้แต่ 1 ดอลล่า ในการทำธุรกิจของพวกเรา มันไม่ใช่เรื่องง่ายเลย คุณไม่ได้เงินสักนิดเลย คุณได้ถูกร้องเรียน และแน่นอนคุณยังไม่ได้สร้างอะไรเลย นั่นและคือ อินเตอร์เน็ต ใช่แล้ว แต่นั่นคือประเด็นหรือ คุณเป็นเศรษฐีเงินล้านเหรอ ตอนนี้เหรอ ไม่ใช่หรอก คุณอยากเป็นมั้ย ว่าไงดีล่ะ ใช่ๆ ผมหวัง แต่ทำไมผมถึงยังทำมันต่อไปล่ะ เพราะผมได้รับอีเมลขอบคุณมากมายจากลูกค้า พวกเขาบอกว่านี่เป็นสิ่งที่ยอดเยี่ยม พวกเราไม่สามารถจ่ายเป็นเงินให้คุณได้ แต่มันช่วยพวกเราไว้อย่างมาก "ถ้าคุณยังเดินหน้าช่วยเหลือพวกเราต่อไป วันนึงคุณจะประสบความสำเร็จ" และผมก็เชื่อแบบนั้น ทีละน้อยทีละนิด ค่อยๆสร้างธุรกิจของเรา ทีละน้อยทีละนิดค่อยสร้างระบบเศรษฐกิจของเรา และโครงสร้างพื้นฐานอื่นๆ และตอนนี้หลังจากนั้น 16 ปี พวกเรากลุ่มบริษัทอาลิบาบา พวกเรามีกลุ่ม ที-มอล พวกเรามีกลุ่ม เทาเบา พวกเรามีอาลิเพย์ และผู้คนต่างบอกว่าพวกเรา ฉลาด คุณสร้างบริษัทเหล่านี้ขึ้นมาได้อย่างไร บิล เกท วอเรน บัพเฟท แจ๊ค เวลช์ แลรี่ เพจ มาร์ค ซัคเคอเบิร์ก ความแตกต่างระหว่างผู้คนเหล่านี้และคนอื่นๆ พวกเขาต่างมองอนาคตในแง่ดีเสมอ พวกเขาไม่เคยบ่น พวกเขาพยายามจะแก้ปัญหาให้ผู้อื่นเสมอ เมื่อคุณมองโลกในแง่ดี นั่นคือโอกาสเสมอ ผู้คนมักจะพูดสิ่งเดียวกันเสมอ "แจ๊ค โอกาสอยู่ที่ไหนล่ะ?" "ผมไม่มีงาน ผมไม่มีนั่น ผมไม่มีนี่" สมบัติที่วิเศษที่สุดที่คุณมีคือคุณยังหนุ่ม อย่าบ่น จงปล่อยให้คนอื่นบ่น โอกาสจะวางรออยู่ตรงนั้นเสมอเมื่อผู้อื่นบ่น คิดถึงวิธีที่จะทำให้เกิดสิ่งที่แตกต่าง และเมื่อคุณคิดถึง จงเริ่มลงมือทำ ผมเห็นผู้คนมากมาย คนหนุ่มสาว เกิดความคิดที่น่าอัศจรรย์ในทุกๆค่ำคืน แต่ในตอนเช้า พวกเขาก็ไปทำงาน เหมือนเดิมทุกวัน ถ้าคุณอยากเป็นผู้ประกอบการจริงๆ คุณต้องลงมือทำก่อนที่ผู้อื่นจะเริ่มทำ คุณต้องตื่นก่อนที่คนอื่นๆจะตื่นขึ้น คุณต้องมีความกล้ามากกว่าผู้อื่น เมื่อผมยังหนุ่ม ผมเดินทางไปทะเลสาปฮันโจวตะวันตก ที่นั่นมีโรงแรมที่นักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติมากมายเข้ามาพัก และทุกวันเวลา 5 โมงเช้า ผมไปที่นั่น เพื่อไปฝึกภาษาอังกฤษ เมื่อนักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติมา ผมก็ฝึกภาษาอังกฤษ ตอนนั้นผมก็ไม่รู้ว่าทำไม แต่ผมก็ค้นพบทุกสิ่ง สิ่งที่นักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติบอกผม มันช่างแตกต่างกัน กับสื่อที่พ่อแม่ผมบอก สิ่งที่ครูสอน และสิ่งที่ผมได้อ่านจากหนังสือพิมพ์ ดังนั้นผมจึงคิดทุกอย่างเองจากสมองของผม ใช้สมองของคุณคิด สำหรับทุกๆคน พรุ่งนี้คือวันใหม่เสมอ จงเคลื่อนไหว จงลงมือทำ ไม่ว่านักลงทุนจะเชื่อมันหรือไม่ ไม่ว่าเพื่อนของคุณจะเชื่อหรือไม่ ไม่ว่าพ่อแม่ของคุณจะเชื่อหรือไม่ นั่นไม่สำคัญ คุณเชื่อ ทีมงานของคุณเชื่อ และทำใช้วลาทั้งกลางวันและกลางคืนทำมัน สร้างความผิดพลาดให้มากพอ เมื่อคุณล้มเหลว คุณก็ยืนขึ้น ถ้าคุณอยากจะทำงานเพื่อตนเอง จงนึกถึงผู้อื่น เพราะเพียงแค่ผู้อื่น ประสบความสำเร็จ เมื่อคนอื่นๆมีความสุข คุณก็จะสำเร็จ คุณก็จะมีความสุข อย่ากังวลเรื่องเงิน เงินมันวิ่งตามคน ผู้คนควรวิ่งตามความฝัน เมื่อคุณมีความฝัน แค่ลุยกับมัน

  Top Comments:
  1. @mathissuck-10d [8 likes]: Be optimistic
I don't complain 
I am young
I promise to myself make the move make action
Get up from failure
Never lose hope
  2. @larkspur_july2 [4 likes]: Anybody who is read my comment kindly like it .



Because my will power betrays me alot ... and if you like my comment it will pop up and i will smile ❤❤
  3. @PiqDrop-App [3 likes]: When I feel like given up. I just come back to listen to this video.! Thanks!
  4. @herroyal.agency [2 likes]: This is so inspiring. WOW. I am proud of you Jack Ma!! Your story literally gave me chills - always believe in yourself <3
  5. @RealGFastlaner [2 likes]: If it wasn't for the government Jack Ma would be richer than Elon Musk
  6. @sheilanangira [2 likes]: He is a Wonderful person 💝.
Thank you for sharing your story and inspiring us always 😮.
It's like I am walking the same journey as Jackma 😅.
I will never give up because I am building a story and testimony 😅.
  7. @SeechatChanalai [1 likes]: ขโมยไอเดียเก่ง (แก้วน้ำ) ชาวต่างชาติรู้ความลับของเรา อยู่เบื้องหลังผลงาน
  8. @IsaacTyoumbur [1 likes]: I think this is the guy we should follow ❤
  9. @maneeshahooja [1 likes]: Inspiring.
  10. @maneeshahooja [1 likes]: Thank you.
  11. @mawanthadeeganu4986 [1 likes]: I tried too✨️
  12. @shahidAkhtarkhan-n5o [1 likes]: This time jack ma os a very beautiful 🤪
  13. @KAGconcerts [1 likes]: Wow!
  14. @ApexMindsets-e9j: great
  15. @ZonadeBuscadoresdelaVerdad950: Great Knowledge
  16. @247Empowerment: This was so powerful! 💡
  17. @EliteTalks313: ❤❤❤
  18. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 4:50 ❤
  19. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 4:00 😮
  20. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 3:45

- Tiktok Teen Teenage Look Filter Emotional Reactions | 2023 Viral Video Trend | Compilation Mashup: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you foreign here I am with the teenage filter and I just wanted to say to that young face I'm so sorry I wasn't more confident I'm so sorry I was so hard on you for those of you who are wondering why us old people are getting so emotional over this teenage filter because some of us were so busy just surviving that we never stopped to look ourselves in the eyes only I could go back and tell her how beautiful she was this filter is legit killing gen xers everywhere because there was a comment that said this filter is not about wishing we looked like this again it's wishing we were nicer to this person when we were looking at them in the mirror so it's okay to look the way you look now and remember this person because if you wouldn't be ugly to this person now you shouldn't be ugly to the person you see in the mirror right now [Laughter] so if you're young and you're wondering why yes old people are all freaking out about this teenage filter it's because 20 30 years from now in your head you're still going to think that you look like this and then there will be some sort of filter that makes you realize it will look like this now

  Top Comments:
  1. @EDIFYMAN [7 likes]: Being young was hard too..  All the jealousy, envy, comparisons, cheating, vanity... Growing older can be like a weight lifted off of your shoulders.. No more worrying about many ugly things... Time to Enjoy The World and Not Only Ourselves..
  2. @BrianSmith-lj6ug [2 likes]: Just Enjoy TODAY because it will never come again.
  3. @tanduay5years707 [1 likes]: I'm sorry self I failed you, us...I failed our life
  4. @Needglory23 [1 likes]: 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  5. @EDIFYMAN [1 likes]: Power to the ones who don't give a F***!!!!!
  6. @matthewwalsh3399: I’m choking up at work just watching them react
  7. @utoobdork: It's nothing that advanced.
  8. @nelrose2494: living in the now is what really matters. just forget yesterday or the past hour. focus in the present
  9. @elsorro7118: No lloramos por las arrugas. Lloramos por la inocencia perdida. Por los sueños que teníamos y que por circunstancias de la vida no pudimos cumplir.
  10. @Rizhoos: We all will be old one day 😊
  11. @seven2407: Hey.. that's life..  anything and everything..

Will come.. once
  12. @StreetDreamzTT: It really isn't about seeing less wrinkles etc. A lot of thoughts rush through my head. Goals dreams. Past friends. Man. Father time really is a mofo.
  13. @robin-sk2cc: Getting old is beautiful, its the cycle of life.
  14. @einrazer: "for those that are looking for even more reasons to be unhappy with ourselves" lol
  15. @Neyjje: Its like they are looking too the best old friend but young and its yourself of you are following ❤❤❤❤
Made me cry because I am in the middle now ❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @BossyGerbasi: It's funny people really aren't that busy, they just don't make the time for anything besides sitting on their damn phones, watching TV, hanging with friends, drinking, etc. People have way more time than they think. They just don't utilize it well.
  17. @sisibar: Really don’t understand why oldies are getting so emotional over this. Is the reaction not the same seeing an old photo or video?
  18. @gladitsnotme: I had terrible skin when I was a teenager, so I'd like this just to see myself with clear skin and not depressed lmao
  19. @gladitsnotme: I had terrible skin when I was a teenager, so I'd like this just to see myself with clear skin and not depressed lmao
  20. @humphreybogart6663: Why is it that people love this digital "noise" reduction crap.  Even a lot of stuff parading as 4K here is AI garbage.  These people are beautiful without the filter.  None of these people looked like this younger and thank goodness for that.  

The programming on what is beautiful is as fake as what they have done to a lot of film translated to 4K (yup Paramount speaking to you)

Be Sony or Arrow and enjoy your "grain".  That is what is real and honest.  And it is the absolute most beautiful that it can be.

Stick a fork in this lie.  Enjoy your twilight for whatever it is, because no matter what, at least it is honest and not digitally corrupt.

- Best Emotional Viral Songs 2025 | TikTok Hits That Touched Millions /EverHits-moritabari: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> I leave a light on every [singing] night. [music] Still hoping you might walk by. This quiet home feels too alive. Like memories dancing [music] in the light. There's something I'm not ready for. Your name still lingers in the [music] air. Like perfume [music] left behind somewhere. Do you miss me, when the silence starts to burn? Can you feel me [music] near, when your thoughts begin to turn? I've [music] been waiting, barely breathing, in the space you used to fill. If you feel me like I feel you, then this [music] heart is beating >> [music] >> still. Each little sound still feels like you. The floor [music] remembers every move. I walk through rooms [music] we once knew well. But every step [music] just pulls me through. The part of me [singing] that won't let go. Your name still lingers [music and singing] in the air. Like [music] perfume left behind Do you miss me, [music] too? When the silence starts to burn, can you feel me near? >> When your thoughts begin to turn. I've been waiting, >> barely breathing in the space you used to fill. If you feel [music] me like I feel you, then this heart >> [singing] >> Maybe love just learns to wait. >> Behind the doors we never face. If you feel [music] me late at night, >> that's my heart still holding tight. Do you miss me, too? can you feel me [music] near? When your thoughts begin to turn. I've been waiting, barely breathing in the [music] space you used to fill. If you feel me like [music] I feel you, >> is beating still. I walked away, [music] but stayed >> inside. Your name still echoes [music] deep and wide. Each night you're dancing [music] through [singing] my mind. A quiet storm I cannot hide. Wish I had [music] never let you in. You burned so warm beneath my [singing] skin. I should have seen [music] the signs back then. You came [singing] and left like passing [music] wind. You made me crazy with one touch. IT FELT LIKE LOVE, BUT hurt too much. I'm lost in you. I'm [music] lost in me. No way to breathe. No way to be. A wave that whispers [music] you're still near. Then fades away [music] and leaves me here. You made me crazy. Now I see. You took the light and left the sea. >> A fish once safe in quiet streams now drifts away from [music and singing] broken dreams. Your kiss was sweet, >> then turned to salt. >> I tried to flow. It's still my fault. Wish I had [music and singing] never let you in. You burned too warm beneath my skin. I should have seen [singing] the signs back then. You came [music] and left like passing wind. YOU MADE ME CRAZY WITH ONE TOUCH. It felt [music] like love but hurt too much. >> A wave that whispers you're still near. Then fades away and leaves me here. You made [music] me crazy. Now I see. >> I threw my heart into the sea to see if [music] pain would set it free. But even the ocean feels too small [music] when no one's there to catch the fall. >> It felt like love but hurt too much. I'm lost in you. I'm lost in me. No way TO BREATHE. NO WAY TO BE. >> A wave THAT WHISPERS YOU'RE still near. Then fades away and leaves me [music] here. You made me crazy, now I see. You took the light and left the seed. >> It's not the night, it's not the noise. Not all the lights or distant voice. It's just the way you breathe so near. >> And everything feels quiet here. You say nothing, [music] still [singing] I hear. All I need is you right here, when you're near. I feel it all. >> The pull, the calm, the silent fall. >> You don't fix me, don't explain. You just stay and ease the strain, >> when you're near. I'm not alone. [music and singing] >> It's not the one, it's not the song. Not saying [music] right or proving wrong. It's how you still this reaches me. Like shade beneath the heavy [music and singing] tree. You [music] don't try to make it right. But I can sleep through one more night. Oh, when [music] you're near The pull, [music] the calm, the silent You don't fix me, don't [music] explain. You just stay and ease the strain. When you're near >> I'm not alone. You don't [music and singing] rescue, don't pretend. But I can breathe when you begin. You're no storm, [music] no blinding flame. You're just the warmth that stays [music] the same. When you're near >> the world feels slow. Like I'm [music] exactly [singing] where I'm supposed to go. You don't promise, [music] don't perform. But your quiet keeps me warm when you're [music] near. I come home. >> I'm [music] still out here looking for you. Someone honest, someone true. [music] Who sees the parts I always hide, stays right [music] here, stays by my side. If you're the sea [music] that pulls me in, then let the deeper waves begin. I'd ride the highs, [singing] I'd face [music] the lows, just to be the one you know. They say we find what we believe, but [music] I'm worn out, I barely breathe. Still I'm holding every night, hoping you'll come back inside. Why my tears [screaming] don't let me know? Take my hand, don't move too slow. Hold me close, don't speak a word. >> I hear you clear without it hurting. >> Put your hand right into mine. Let me feel your quiet side. [music] If you feel this fire, too, then I've been waiting just for you. Still, I hope [music] you'll cross my way. [singing] Maybe on a softer day, you won't [music] ask for me to change. You'll just smile and feel the same. You'll see the truth inside my [singing] eyes, where no one stays, [music] no one tries. You'll laugh when I forget to breathe, and stay when [singing] others choose to leave. [music] They say love finds the ones who wait, but I've been stuck outside [music] the game. Still, I hope, still, I believe you're the one who never leaves. Dry my tears and let me know. Hold me close, don't speak a [music] word. I hear you clear without it hurting. Put your hand right into mine. Let me feel your quiet [music] side. This is love, [music] it's raw, but it feels real. It's not smooth, but it can heal. I'm not [music] proud, I'm not brand new, but I still give it all to you. Dry my tears like only you do. Say, I see the real in you. Even silence stays with me. It says what words [music] could never be. Put your hand [singing] right into mine. Let our hearts fall in line. >> If you feel this by two, then every step lead me to you. >> Don't walk away. Not now. [music] Not yet. Stay in this breath. No past [singing] regret. [music] Your eyes still shine. The air feels tight. >> A touch remains and fades [music] [singing] tonight. No need for words. Just let it be. >> Two hands [music] still hold unknowingly. The noise outside can reach us here. This fragile beat [music] is all we hear. Dance with me before it breaks. [music] No promises. No clean [singing] >> The rhythm's slow. >> The silence [singing] nears. But don't let go. Just keep me here. We burn too bright. Then came the [music] snow. One final breath. Then let it go. Your warmth is sharp. [music] It cuts like glass. No need [music] to speak. Just let it pass. >> We're standing still. But time [music] still flows. >> One last release. That [music] no one knows. Let shadows stretch across [music] the floor. >> No need to leave. Not anymore. >> Just breathe me in and disappear. [music] A quiet fall. >> With nothing near. Dance with [music] me before it breaks. No promises. [music] There's no clean escape. The rhythm's slow. The silence nears. Just me here. We burned too [music] bright. Then came the snow. Don't say [music] goodbye. Just hold the space. No turning back. No other face. in fading [singing] light. Forget the name. Forget the night. >> The song slows down. The feeling [music] stays. Let's fall apart in softer [music] ways. We had it all. We'll never know. One more moment. Then you go. I've been searching through the dark. But no one ever touched my heart. I stand with strangers, feel alone. No place like yours feels like home. I make up reasons [music] just to say >> how much I need you every day. >> You're close to me like second skin, a memory that >> pulls me in. Hold me like there's no tomorrow. >> Like [music] we have no time to borrow. Wrap me up and [music] don't let go. We've got nowhere else to go. >> Life will take the best from me. Yeah. >> So, let's not [singing] save what's meant to be. >> You wore a smile [music] [singing] when I was low. >> You stayed with me through every blow. You're the scent [music] I still recall, the photo frame upon my [singing] wall. I saw myself [music and singing] there in your eyes. The only [music] truth [singing] I recognized. >> You're close to me >> like second skin. A memory that [music] pulls me in. like there's no tomorrow. Like we have no time >> Wrap me up and don't let go. We've got nowhere else to [music] go. Life will take the best of me. So, let's not [music] save what's meant to >> With just one word, you calmed [music] the storm. Even when the pain was born. If someone [music] asked [singing] me who you were, I'd say my friend before all else. A curse. >> Hold me like there's no >> tomorrow. >> Like we have no time else to go. If life must take what we've >> been through, then let [music] me leave it all with you. >> My love, I still feel your touch [music] like heat in my veins. Every breath you left still calls [music] out my name. Your warmth is a ghost in the dark of my nights, [singing] but I reach for the light and it slips from my [music] sight. Memories burn, >> [screaming] >> but they never let go. I'm lost in the quiet where your heartbeat [music] would glow. I keep holding on, though it's breaking me down. >> Still in love with your ghost all around. [singing] Goodbye, my love, but you'll never fade. Your name in [music] my veins, where the fire stayed. The night still whispers >> every word you said, and my [music] soul still believes for the life we lived. Goodbye, my love. You're my echo inside. [music] I keep reaching out, but you left my side. Goodbye my >> love, though I know you're gone. >> Goodbye my love, you'll forever [music] live on. >> I still hear your laugh when the night turns cold. Every tear I cry writes the stories we told. Your kiss still lingers, >> [music and singing] >> a phantom on my skin. And the ache [music] in my chest pulls me back again. Memories [music] burn, but they never let go. I'm lost in the quiet [singing] where your heart beat below. though it's breaking me [music] down. Still in love with your ghost all around. >> Goodbye my love, >> Your name >> in my veins where the fire stays. >> The night still whispers every word you said. And my soul still believes love, you're my echo inside. >> I'll keep reaching out. >> But you left my side. Goodbye, my love. >> Though I know you're gone. You'll [music] forever I'll carry your light through the [music] darkest pain. I'll whisper your name like a holy refrain. >> Goodbye, my love. But you'll never fade. Your name in my veins where the fire stayed. You're my [music] echo inside. I'll keep reaching out. But [music] you left my side. Goodbye, my love. Though I know you're gone. Goodbye, my love. You'll forever [singing] >> I've been standing [singing] here too long looking where you once belonged. Every time I try to leave your memory won't [singing] let me breathe. [music] There's a question [singing] I still need to ask. [music] I whisper [music] softly [singing] in the air hoping somehow [music] you're still there. Can you hear my heart beating [music] quiet through the night? Can you hear my [music] voice calling gently [singing] with the light? I've been [music] reaching. I've been waiting just to know that you're >> around. If you show me that you [music] hear me I might never hit the ground. >> All the [singing] words I left unsaid keep on echoing instead. I still trace your face inside in [singing] the silence [music] where I hide. It's your name I can't let go. >> I whisper softly [singing] hoping [music] somehow you're still there. Can you hear [singing] my heart beating quiet through the night? Can you feel [music] my voice calling [music] gently with the light? I've been reaching. I've been [music] waiting. Just to know [singing] that you're that [music] you hear me, I might never hit [music] the ground. I've held my breath for far too long hoping love could find its own. If you feel what's left unseen, [music] you'll know it's you in every [singing] scene. Can you hear my heart beating quiet through [music and singing] the night? Can you feel my voice >> calling gently with the light? I've [music] been reaching. I've been waiting. Just to know [music] that you're I won't never hit the ground.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NenitaLargo-f3n: I missed my one in distant relationship
  2. @sosconecta6214: 20:34 ❤❤❤
  3. @DebraAnnQuintanilla: I love the man who sing the music❤❤
  4. @conceicaomartins5304: Beautiful music ❤😍
  5. @GloriaPage-s4i: WOW WOW THIS IS MY SONG
  6. @TitiesHoediono: This song is not good😂😂😂😂
  7. @harmonijiwa-z6u: Tanpa sengaja  dapet lagu bagus suaranya sungguh bagus trimakasih salam dari bali
  8. @yuriel_r: This song hits different at night…❤❤❤
  9. @samsonbulanandi7948: ❤❤❤I love these songs ❤❤❤
  10. @LSciLingHub: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMQzTAw2Qcs
  11. @Peaceworldtourbusinessmentor: ❤❤❤Beautiful  lyrics beats 💓 and all song.your all team is hired by us to do peace world 🌎 Tour 2026 to 195 countries with us.❤❤❤❤congratulations 🎉🎉🎉🎉biggest tour of centuries and generations 🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤promoting practical peace through global art music 🎶. By Syeda SKG
  12. @Yasminsusiindrian1849: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @IPCLYDE: Goodbye.My Love 😭😭😭
  14. @IPCLYDE: 😭
  15. @RossukonWillcox: I still do it again for you. Can you do it for me?
  16. @RossukonWillcox: 🎉
  17. @VanduWins: ❤❤❤😂
  18. @NinNin-d6y: ခဏခဏနားထောင်ဖြစ်တယ်💜💙🩵
  19. @Lornacoronado-q3c: His voice it  really fantantic .. i feel relaxed to listen this song ..also very emotionaal ..touched my heart ..❤❤❤❤
  20. @MIGHTYRIVERS19: JUST NEED THIS THIS MOMENT , THANK YOU FOR THIS LOVING SONGS

- 6 Reasons Things Go Viral – Contagious: Why Things Catch On by Jonah Berger: Kind: captions Language: en So there’s a place in Philly called Barclay Prime and their cheesesteak costs a $100. Now the average cheesesteak costs about $5 but Barclay Prime has been really successful. And of course there are many factors as to why, but one of the factors is social currency. And the idea with social currency is that people share whatever makes them look good. So if anything makes you look good, or smart, or cool, you’re much more likely to share it. So let’s say you’re in Philly and you get a regular $5 cheesesteak… That’s probably not something that you’re gonna want to tell everyone about. But imagine if you go out for dinner and get the $100 cheesesteak… That’s probably something that you’re going to tell all your friends about. And if you’re like most people and can’t enjoy good things without posting a picture of it on Facebook or Instagram, you’re probably going to share a picture of the cheesesteak as well just to show us that you’re still really cool and you eat really expensive things. So the first principle is social currency, and the idea here is… If sharing your idea or product makes someone look good, they’re much more likely to share And there are also five other principles that Jonah Berger has identified for why things catch on and why they go viral. And he has a PhD from Stanford, he teaches at Wharton, and he’s basically an expert on viral marketing. And after all his research, he’s identified these six factors that he calls STEPPS. So moving on to factor number two… Triggers… How are you reminded of the idea or the product? So you’ve probably seen the song Friday by Rebecca Black which has millions of views on YouTube. And again there are many reasons for why it got so many views, but one reason is that it has a really good trigger. So if you actually take a look at the stats on YouTube for how people watch that video, you’ll see a spike in views every Friday. Now imagine if the song was about the first day of school or something like that… Same amazing lyrics, same amazing vocals, same everything. A lot of people might still watch it on the first day of school, but people probably aren’t going to watch it two weeks after the first day of school, or a month, or three months after. So Friday is actually a really good trigger because it happens every week… And Kit Kat did the same thing in 2007. Their sales were declining every year and they needed an effective marketing campaign. And what they did was they decided to link Kit Kat to coffee. So in all of their advertisements, Kit Kat was always presented with coffee. Now to someone who doesn’t understand the power of triggers, the coffee might not mean anything. It’s just part of the advertisement; they had to put something in there so they just put coffee in there. In fact, why don’t we advertise it with hot chocolate? It might taste even better with hot chocolate… But that’s not the point! The point is that we want to link Kit Kat to something that gets consumed all the time like coffee, so every time a person thinks of coffee, he also thinks of Kit Kat. And yes, it might taste even better with hot chocolate, but again that’s not the point, people don’t drink as much hot chocolate as coffee. And Kit Kat’s sales had been declining 5 percent every year, but in the next twelve months after the campaign, its sales actually were up by a third. So the second principle is triggers, and the idea here is… People need to be reminded of your idea or product, and you can help them by providing a strong trigger. The third principle is Emotion. When people feel strong emotions, they want to share. So think of Susan Boyle’s performance on Britain’s Got Talent. Strong emotions like awe or happiness get people to share. Even strong emotions that aren’t positive like anger and anxiety get people to share. And this is really what the media relies on now. The angrier and more anxious they make us, the more we share. So strong emotions are good, but the emotion you want to stay away from is sadness. People don’t really like to share something if it makes them sad. The fourth principle is public, or what’s usually known as social proof. And the idea here is that our decisions are affected by what everyone else around us is doing. So if you actually take a look at car buying behavior, one of the factors that affects whether someone will buy a new car or not is whether his neighbors and community are buying new cars. And if they’re all buying a new car, he’s much more likely to buy a new car as well. And Apple had this dilemma with their laptops. The apple logo actually used to face the owner of the laptop when it was closed. And that was a convenience for the user because it was easier to orient the computer once you got it out of your bag. But the problem is that once the laptop was opened, the logo was upside down to everyone else in the coffee shop or wherever you were. So a decision had to be made whether the owner’s convenience was more important than everyone else looking at the laptop. And they actually decided that the public image was more important. So the fourth principle is public, and the Can people see when others are using our product? The fifth principle is practical value. If you can actually offer someone something that really helps them, they’re gonna want to share it with the people they know. So one of the shortest, easiest videos I’ve ever made was a two minute video about my new favorite way to read. And there were so many people who liked that video. And it’s been shared so many times. And the reason for that is because if you use that method, you could actually read this book in only three hours. Now a lot of people take weeks to read one book, so if someone shares with you a way where you can read a book in three hours instead of three weeks, there’s practical value in it. And if you know someone who wants to read more and has been struggling with it, of course you’d share it with him. So the fifth principle is practical value. Anytime you can actually help people and make their life better, they’re gonna want to share it and help their friends and family as well. And finally the sixth principle… Stories… So in 2004 in the Olympics, this guy snuck into the diving area and belly flopped into the pool. And he also had a name of a casino written across his chest. Now that’s a great story and it got covered and people talked about it but the story has nothing to do with the casino. You can tell that story without saying anything about the casino, so it wasn’t really the most effective advertisement. On the other hand, some companies do this much better. So Blendtec is a blender company that makes a video series called Will It Blend? And they make videos where they’ll put weird things like a brand new iPhone into their blender and blend it into powder. Now that’s a cool story. If you saw that, you might want to share it with your friends, but notice how the product is an integral part of that story. You can’t tell that story without the blender. And especially technically-oriented people have a really hard time understanding that most people don’t talk about weird specs and details, they share stories. When you hang out with your friends, you’re probably not going to tell them about how there’s a new blender with improved revolutions per minute on its blades, but you might share the story of how you saw the new iPhone got blended into powder. So the sixth principle is stories. Most people don’t care about specs and details, they share stories. What you have to figure out is how your product or idea can be a relevant part of a cool story. And your product or idea doesn’t have to have all of these six principles. Some of these might not even be very applicable to certain products and ideas. So obviously the more the better, but there are plenty of products or ideas that have a couple of these factors that are very strong and they do really well. So to recap the STEPPS again… Social currency: does sharing the product or idea make you look good? Triggers: how are you reminded of the idea or the product? Is there a good trigger? Emotion: when people feel strong emotions, they want to share. Public: can people see when others are using our product? Practical value: is your idea or product actually useful or helpful? And finally… Stories: people communicate through stories.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BharatMysticWisdom [2 likes]: I am reading this books to create my YouTube channel
  2. @Tblade_DareToBeDifferent [1 likes]: Attaching a story to your product is a great idea!
  3. @GleeshHardaway [1 likes]: NipseY Hussle Brought Me Here 
🖼🖼🖼🧱🧱🧱🕊🕊🕊
  4. @MegaSnail1: So while I agree that these STEPS are useful in helping something catch on social currency is highly dependent on your target audience. Triggers also need an understanding of what the target audiences’ habits are. Emotion, Public, Practical Value and stories are dependent on the target audience as well. This is why current technologies are so focused on learning so much about each of us so that they can sell us products that we may or may not need.
  5. @a7xfanben: Thanks for talking about this!
  6. @Wisdom2Freedom31: Jonah Berger breaks down virality like a science. It’s not luck — it’s psychology. If you understand these 6 triggers, you can make anything contagious.
  7. @ByDanGeorge: amazing summary!
  8. @stephenasiedu76: Please I can’t find the new favourite way to read video
  9. @jemma8844: Can anyone think of a brand that uses all 6 aspects to go viral?
  10. @Aemun-gs6gh: I don't get how we do the social currency thing without selling premimu products or making our business appear high end?
  11. @olivervasi: YOU ARE A TOTAL G FOR SUMARIZING THESE BOOKS
  12. @ashwinrajpurohit617: Helpful
  13. @MonarchRoofing: 6 stepps. Brilliant, that is going on our marketing wall!
  14. @KickinIt82c: Nipsey put me on
  15. @MichaelWilliams-lo3ix: Awesome
  16. @DJSTOEK: 💘
  17. @borrowinbars9162: Great video
  18. @bumpyroad7239: So everybody who seen this will go viral right? Lmfao
  19. @arefkannout5122: Goeie fragment
  20. @Godblack1: Contagious is different from going viral ? 
 1. Social currency - does it make me look good?
 2. Triggers - how are you reminded of the product?
 3. Emotion - strong emotions = sharing
 4. Public - what is everyone else doing?
 5. Practical value - is it actually helpful?
 6. Stories - is my idea/ product a relevant part of a cool story?

- 💔 Michael Bennett – After I’m Gone | The Most Emotional Performance of 2026: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> You don't call me anymore. You just say [music] you're [singing] busy. I see you laughing with the world, >> [music] >> but you don't make time for me. You walk past everything I gave like it [music] was nothing at all. I gave you my whole [music] life. You can't give me one call. I'm still your >> father. Why do I feel erased? >> YEAH, I HAD FLAWS. YEAH, I GOT LOUD. >> But I never once walked out. AFTER I'M GONE, you'll feel this pain. >> Every ignored text, every missed name. When the world hits dirt and the crowd [music] goes home, you'll finally understand what it means to be alone. You'll [music] say you love me, you'll cry on cue, but love shows up. Why didn't you? I was [music] here. Wow. I was breathing. You just stopped believing. >> When I was sick, you didn't know. [music] When I was weak, you didn't show. You never asked if [music] I was okay. You never missed me enough to stay. I waited for [music] you, you never came. Now I'm just a name. I told myself you'd come around, [music] but hope gets quiet without a sound. After I'm gone, YOU'LL WISH YOU TRIED. You'll replay [music] nights you let me cry. You'll stand there shaking hands in regret wishing [music] you could undo what you chose to forget. You'll say you love me, maybe you did, but love isn't words, [music] it's what you give. Jesus forgives, I hope he does, because one day you'll answer for us. And he'll [music] ASK YOU SIMPLE AND PLAIN, WHY YOU NEVER CAME. [music] After I'm gone, don't tell [music] the crowd you were proud. Don't post my picture, don't say my name. If you couldn't show up while I felt the pain. >> [singing] >> Yeah, I was here, I WAS ALIVE. YOU JUST THOUGHT I HAD more time. [music] After I'm gone, you'll finally see you didn't lose [music] me, you abandoned me. >> My hands bled just for [music] you. I worked until they shook. I missed my own dreams so you could chase the ones you took. I stood outside in the cold so you could sleep in warm light. I swallowed every fear just to keep [music] you all right. Now I sit alone in a house I built for us. >> You pass my name in silence like I'm someone you don't trust. You left me here waiting. >> You don't even try. Yeah, I made mistakes. I wasn't [music] easy to love. But I never stopped showing up. >> I never gave up. After I'm gone, when the world hits dirt, when the sound [music] of goodbye finally stops to hurt, >> you'll wish you came. You'll wish you stayed. [music] You'll regret every call. You never made. You'll say >> you loved me. You swear you cared. But love [music] shows up and you weren't there. I was here. >> I was alive. You just thought I won't try. >> When I fell down, you never found me. >> When I needed you, you weren't around me. >> I watched your life move on so fast while I was stuck inside the past. I kept the porch [music] light on at night. I told myself you'd make it right, but hope gets tired. [music] And so do I. You left me behind and called [music] it life. You didn't mean to hurt me, that's what you'd say. But not meaning to still [music] hurts this way. After I'm gone, standing by my grave, you'll cry for [music] the time you never gave. You'll touch that stone. You'll say my [music] name. But it won't answer, it won't be the same. You'll beg for one [music] more chance to call. But silence won't [music] answer. It all Jesus forgives. >> I tried to, too. But even he knows love has to move on. One day you'll stand >> before him alone. And he'll ask you [singing] why you never came home. >> After I'm gone, [music] when the dirt falls down, when they lower me slow into the ground, [music] that's when you'll feel what you >> denied. I was still here when you left me flat. I was >> your father. I needed you. Not [music] your money, just something true. After [music] I'm gone, regret will stay longer than [music] I ever did. Waiting for you [screaming and cheering] >> Waiting for you

- How to make a viral video - Viral Video: Kind: captions Language: ru Он был предложен мной, как лучший специалист Вот и он. Адам! Это Алан, он будет вести рекламный проект со стороны клиента Привет, рад знакомству Я тоже, наслышан о вас Ох, благодарю Мы как раз обсуждаем рекламный ролик, который сейчас в разработке Отлично Адам, с самого начала ты делаешь потрясающие проекты Шикарная работа Действительно впечатляет Что ж, большое спасибо Мы хотим продолжить текущее сотрудничество с вашей фирмой Потому что мы впечатлены роликами, которые вы создали Очень впечатлены Рад слышать! Однако, в головном офисе идут обсуждения Да уж, работают, не покладая рук И мы пытаемся набросать идеи и найти способы, как улучшить нашу рекламу Отлично, я весь внимание Адам, мы хотим, чтобы следующее видео Стало вирусным! Вы хотите, чтобы видео стало вирусным?.. Адам, мы вложили кучу денег в исследование рынка И обнаружили, что когда видео становится вирусным Оно превлекает много внимания Соответственно, люди конвертируются в просмотры Ты можешь это сделать? Что ж, я думаю мы можем попробовать сделать его вирусным Мы бы предпочли - мы можем сделать его вирусным Поддерживаю Извините, позвольте прояснить: Моя команда сделает лучшую рекламу, которую только возможно представить Но мы не можем сделать ее вирусной Извините, я... я не знаю, зачем он.. ..все усложняет Адам, зачем ты все усложняешь? Потому что "стать вирусным" это то, что прям невозможно предсказать! Это включает.. оно живет само по себе.. Так стоп.. вы.. Вы предлагаете сделать это видео.. Разумным? Что? Это вообще возможно? Сделать видео.. C самосознанием Нет! Черт! Я действительно подумал, что мы к чему-то пришли Вот жеж! Окей... окей... Как нам сделать его вирусным..? Ладно! Вернемся к обсуждению Хорошо. Какие еще способы сделать видео вирусным? Что. Нравится. Людям? Щеночки! Щеночки, прекрасно Что еще? Нет, насколько мне известно Ппп-перед тем, как мы углубимся в это Не могли ли бы вы описать мне, что за видео вы хотите сделать Какие-нибудь примеры или отсылки? Так, я уверен, мы наткнулись на что-то, но мы можем вернуться к этому позднее Согласен По поводу источников вдохновения, я бы сказал.. Реклама Old Spice Напомните, какой у нас бюджет? Одна тысяча долларов Адам, дело в том, что реклама Old Spice получила сотни миллионов просмотров Мы хотим похожего результата Он хочет похожего результата Ллл-ладно. Отложим бюджет Это не так, что я могу нажать на кнопку "сделать вирусным" когда я загружа... Так, подожите Извините. Вы имеете в виду, что существует кнопка "сделать вирусным" Которую можно нажать и не сказали об этом сразу? Иии-извините, я имел в виду, что невозможн... Адам! Просто нажми кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Ну правда же! Мой вам совет Каждый раз, когда мы заливаете видео Действительно! Нажимайте на чертову кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Слушайте этого человека, он знает, о чем говорит! Что ж, ребята, знаете что мы для вас сделаем? Мы на нажмем на "вирусную" кнопку! Так. Теперь напомните, что за продукт мы рекламируем? Ага! Мы специализируемся на удобрениях Ну конечно же.. И бюджет - тысяча долларов, так? Так, что-то в этом роде Отлично! Мы сделаем вам вирусное видео о дерме! Обожаю этого парня Я говорил, что он хорош

  Top Comments:
  1. @DasKraze: That fingersnap at the end
  2. @BoyleeDalton: And the video went viral tho
  3. @WhatBananas: "Only pay for what you need."™ 

Their adds will always be well remembered to me.
  4. @natben6099: the sound is terrible
  5. @JellySquid55: Tbh, they almost had me with the self awareness video 😂
  6. @405dewey: This is literally what Dominos pizza is doing in the US right now. They are just calling their new pizza deal “viral” as if that makes it so. Immediately thought of this clip.
  7. @PatriciaSullivan-o1m: Wilson Cynthia White Susan White Donna
  8. @jdotoz: "I was thinking that this time you could make a good product."
  9. @deadrussianliberal2897: Viral Video About Shit

I believe that’s a reference.
  10. @MatthewKai-cf8ld: This makes me want to go ssj 3 on Rowan and Alan bc this was just crazy one sided between actual brain activity verses idiocy
  11. @mohammedbarakat1227: for the first time Alan is Rowan-dumb 😂😂
  12. @CaleAi928: Sheesh when is the viral button unlocked on youtube? 

After you reach a million subscribers?
  13. @JMetz: Yes, but can you make 7 perpendicular lines? In the shape of a kitten?
  14. @2macki332: To make a video go viral today in 2024 one needs to analyze the algorithm that is recommending videos to people and once enough knowledge is acquired trick the algorithm to spread your video :)
  15. @proxy90909: I feel like this video costed more than that "marketing campaign"
  16. @Userxxx333: Actually if you have enough budget to spend you can actually make something go viral.
  17. @NityaVlogsjubi: I m from India
  18. @KingCauz: Both : we specialize in fertilizers
Alan : of course u do .. 

😂😂😂 damn roll ... thats confirm that they only know sh**
  19. @orctrihar: Of course there is no buttons.. there just a way to do it who will make it popular.
  20. @abezth7506: The thing with going viral is that it depends on the consumer. If they prefer tomorrow something that took no effort but they somehow like, no matter the effort put into something, whatever you do to counter it, it will usually not matter.

- How to be SO entertaining your videos can’t stop going viral: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine your next video's retention is so high, your video is guaranteed to go viral. I want that for you. So, I've taken my eight years of experience on YouTube writing scripts, editing videos, and investigating what goes viral, and I've boiled it down into six components. The first component is to stop trimming [music] down your videos to just the parts your audience actually wants to see. Obviously, you [music] need to be giving your viewers value, but there's another often even more important thing your videos need to do. Here, let me show you an example from this video. This paragraph is the valuable lesson that my audience wants. So, what am I talking about in the first paragraph? Let's take a look. I want you to look at this. There's a problem here. This is the timeline of a typically edited YouTube video. A couple cuts have removed the unnecessary bits. There was [music] a tangent here that wasn't really relevant to the video's greater purpose. These cuts removed pauses and [music] these removed bad takes. But in its current form, this video is doomed to fall short of its potential. The reason is this video isn't [music] using its visuals to maximize attention. That first paragraph is where I reveal a problem. And then in the second paragraph, I give a lesson on how to solve it. Now, imagine if I didn't state the problem first and instead got straight into teaching the lesson. There wouldn't be any curiosity or expectations, so whatever I say will just be boring information rather than being an answer to the viewer's questions or problems. Are you doing that? Do your videos just get straight into talking about or doing random stuff? Or do you first make sure the viewer cares about what you're talking about or doing? You see, it's obvious to you or to me as the creator what makes things valuable, but to the audience, they don't actually know until you tell them. So, here's my formula. I color code my scripts to make sure the [music] viewer always cares so much about what I'm saying that they can't possibly stop watching. In these green sections, I give the reason to watch. I explain the problem, share a mystery, give a question, or create an expectation. Then, in these purple sections, I reveal the answers. Now, this formula isn't just used for my videos. It's used everywhere. Here, look at this video from Ryan Tran. The intro is of course going to be a green section to get you to care about what he's going to do in the video. So, do you remember what the green sections are? It's when you introduce the problem, question or mystery. Which one does Ryan do? >> This is the loneliest house in the world. Oh, it's so lonely. No, there are tons of conspiracy theories around it. Like, like some people think a billionaire built this place in case of a zombie apocalypse. Some people think it's like a religious cult. But most people just want to move here and get away from their problems. To get the viewers's attention, he says the facts that create a mystery. The loneliest house in the world has a ton of conspiracy theories around it, such as a billionaire's zombie apocalypse hideout or a religious cult. So tell me, what question does this create? It makes you ask, what is the true purpose of the world's loneliest house? And that question gives the viewer a reason to watch the video. Okay, cool. But that was just one method to create curiosity. There's actually four methods. So, get your notes ready because you're going to use these a lot from now on. First, you can create a mystery like what Ryan did in that video. Or it could be a problem, question, or some obstacle that lacks an answer. Second, you can say something counterintuitive. For example, look at this video. You wouldn't expect the smaller asteroids to be the ones to worry about. So, this is something that's [music] surprising and it makes you curious. Third, you can reveal that someone knows a secret. make it seem like someone's hiding something that's really important. And fourth, you can suggest that there's a missing component or something important that you haven't yet considered. Now, this first one is the secret to turning your boring videos into highly captivating stories that [music] get millions of views. So, let's look at how Ryan does it in this video. Now, first, do you remember how I use that green purple formula for my videos? I go problem, solution, problem, solution. For the videos I made on my previous channel where I talked about my favorite video game, Terraria, I did question answer. Question answer. But the thing is with Ryan's video, he's not giving information. He is he's doing things in the video. So how do we apply that green purple formula to a video where you're doing something? Well, that was actually initially a a big weak point with Ryan's video. You see, the reason to watch the video is to see him explore the world's loneliest house. So, what's the problem? Here's the plot of the video. Try to spot the weak point. Ryan gets ready for the trip. >> Ready? >> Then he takes the [music] boat to the island, jumps from the boat onto the island, climbs up to the house, and then explores the area. Do you see the problem here? The viewer only cares about seeing Ryan explore the world's loneliest house, but the first half of the video is the journey to the house. So, how's Ryan going to keep all the viewers watching during the first half of the video? Simple. He needs to make the viewer care about the journey as well. How? Well, Ryan's really a genius. Take a look at the rest of that intro. This trip is said to be extremely dangerous. And locals say you'd have to be stupid to try to go with no experience, which really only leaves one man for this job. Hello. Hello. Clearly, I'm not prepared for a country named Iceland. He says that the journey is really dangerous and then throughout the video makes himself out to be very unprepared. >> Just gave me a bunch of clothes cuz I wasn't prepared. >> Therefore, his safety and success becomes uncertain which makes the journey to the world's loneliest house become just as interesting as the house itself. Write that down. Intrigue comes from uncertainty. Okay, good. Now, I need you to recognize this for [music] yourself in the next example. So, take a look at when Ryan jumps from the boat onto the island. That plot point of Ryan jumping is a purple section. Now, [music] I need you to notice the green section before it. So, this is the part of the video where I can never really illustrate how scared I am and like just how dangerous this is for someone like me who has no experience doing anything, but I have to jump off of this boat over the icy, deathly waters. I hope I don't fall. Ready? Ready? Go. Did you see that? He tells us that he's scared, it's dangerous, he's inexperienced, the water is freezing cold, and then hints at the end that he might fall. Imagine if he didn't say any of that before jumping without knowing the stakes and what could go wrong. It wouldn't be entertaining. Well, actually, he didn't say any of that in the recording. That green section was actually a voice over that he added during the editing process. You see, after recording the footage for a video, Ryan follows [music] a three-part limus test to identify what to cut out and what voiceovers to add. This is how he makes the viewers care about each and every second of [music] his videos. One, the viewer must always know what's happening. Two, they must know why it's important. And three, they must know what could go wrong. The viewer just needs to be told all three things, and then they will watch whatever follows. Sometimes Ryan says those things in the recording, like when he tells us the things that he's concerned about. >> I I'm so scared right now. Can I just say that? >> And then other times he forgot, so [music] he just adds a voice over. >> I'm meeting a man named like or something. I don't know how to pronounce his name. >> Okay, I'm moving a little fast here, so let me explain. Now, there's actually a whole another side to this entire thing for both narrative and informative content. Whenever you're trying to get the viewer to care about something that you talk about or do in your video, if you can't create curiosity or expectations, then cut that part out. For example, in Ryan's video, he was able to make the boat ride interesting because there was a chance that things could go wrong. But other parts of the story had no chance of failure, [music] so there wasn't room for any curiosity. Therefore, even if he recorded a lot of footage for that plot point, he would just summarize those parts with a sentence [music] or two of voiceover. Okay, I want you to watch this intro over here. And then I want you to tell me what you think about it. Hey, Vsauce, Michael here. This appears blue. This appears yellow. And this appears green. What? Do you want to keep watching that? Why? He's just telling us the colors on a Rubik's cube. And there's not even any video editing in this either. Yeah, this video sucks. Or does it? because it is the intro of a video with 30 million views. And let's not lie, it was kind of engaging. So, what's making this so interesting? Well, it's that the creator looks and sounds as if he's saying something super important. So, think about your videos. How do you talk in them? Do you sound like you're genuinely excited to share something? Do you speak louder for excitement, lower your voice for suspense, and pause to build anticipation and emphasize key points? Do you raise your eyebrows to show something is interest? Squint slightly to emphasize a key detail or move your head in sync with your words? Do you shift your hands from one side to the other to visually separate ideas? Do you spread your arms wide to signal [music] something big or pinch the air to indicate something precise? You don't. Well, you got to change that because if you speak in a monotone, then anything you say will feel boring. Whatever emotion you put into your voice is contagious. The viewer will feel it too. And yeah, that means that if you feel uncomfortable talking on camera, then the viewer watching you is going to feel uncomfortable as well. But you know, that's what's so frustrating because you can talk just fine to your friends, right? But then as soon as you get on camera, >> please please like the video. >> But don't worry, I've got a shortcut for you to stop being camera shy and become pretty engaging on camera. You see, when you're saying something to a close friend, 100% of your focus is on just trying to get your point across. But once you're talking to the camera, you get distracted by thoughts like, "Am I speaking fast enough? Am I pausing too much? Am I saying that right?" You get self-conscious. You're focused on yourself rather than on sharing your message. Because you're distracted. You start to lose your train of thought as you're speaking. So, what makes sense to do here is to memorize the words that you need to say so that you say it all correctly. But this makes things worse. Now, you're more focused on getting the words right than on the real meaning behind the words. And that's what causes you to speak in a monotone. How do you fix this? Well, you got to get comfortable with making mistakes on camera because think about this. What sounds more engaging? You can say your script flawlessly. Every word's perfect. You don't say um you don't say ah. However, the entire recording you're speaking in a monotone. Or does it sound more engaging if you make some mistakes in your speech? You might pause a few times. You say um you say ah, but it sounds like you are really excited to share something. you're you're just giving off the impression that there's something really important [music] and exciting to talk about. Obviously, that second version sounds way more interesting despite [music] the mistakes, which you can actually just cut out later. So, what matters here is not trying to look perfect, but instead treat the camera like it's your friend who's really interested about what you're saying. And that's really the big issue here. You [music] you get in front of the camera and you start thinking that there's a big audience watching you or there's like a panel of critics judging you. The issue is when you start to think that, oh, I'm in front of the camera now. Now I have to act different. Now I have to say things right. But that's not what it's about. It's it's about connecting with each individual viewer as if they were your friend who's interested in what you're saying. And that's what's going to make the viewer feel like you have something really important to share. There's a problem with your videos and if you don't fix it, your scripts are boring. And this applies to any type of video. And I've been making this mistake the past few sentences. And I hope you noticed because I keep saying and. And the problem isn't just with the word and. The problem is with using and to connect points in your video. Here's what I mean. The creators of South Park discovered that when a story is structured like this happened and then this happened and then this happened and then this happened, it quickly becomes repetitive. But it also creates a bigger issue. It isn't specified how one thing leads to the next. This can be pretty disorienting for the viewer. The video jumps between topics or scenes without a clear connection between them. Your viewer without a clear path through the video isn't kept immersed. There's all these exit points where they're free to disengage. So, here's the far better structure that South Park found. We tried this, but that got in the way. Therefore, we had to do this, but it didn't work. So, we tried this. Whether it's the scenes in a story, the topics in an explanation, or even the individual sentences in a paragraph, this structure makes a massive difference. What this all comes down to is creating a seamless [music] flow throughout each part of your video so that the viewer stays fully immersed from the start to the finish. But that South Park structure isn't the only thing needed to create a seamless journey through your video. There's still one more thing you got to do. Before I got started with this video, I was curious about something. I wanted to know what [music] is the most common mistake people make in their videos for retention. So, I went to my Discord server at the [music] time and there was a a section for feedback requests. I went through all the videos in there and guess for yourself, what do you think the biggest mistake was? Was it a lack of storytelling? Was it really bad video editing? Was it people speaking in a monotone voice? or was it something else? Well, it was actually the most basic intuitive thing that you got to be doing with your videos. Yet, no one was really doing it. The biggest mistake was confusion. I was confused what was happening. And now, if you think that you would never make such an obvious oversight, then you're probably one of the creators doing this here. Let me give you a quick insight into my scripting process. I revisit every part of my video genuinely around a hundred times to find any possible way to make it easier to understand. Because here's the thing, you're biased. When you look at your video, you look at it from a place of having all of the context. You are the expert. You did the research, the filming, the editing. But where is the viewer coming from? A place of zero context. Everything is completely new to them. Therefore, it's way harder for the viewer to keep up with and understand what's happening. And you know, I got to be honest, this is probably why you keep getting disappointed by your view count. You can tell when you upload a video that there's a lot of value there. There's a lot for people to get from it. Yet, people are not enjoying it that much and therefore the metrics that YouTube gathers from your video end up being lower and you don't get the views that your video really could be getting because chances are you already have a good video idea. You're already putting a lot of effort into your videos, a lot of value in there. But the issue is your viewers just aren't able to absorb it. They're not able to understand it that well. And therefore, the video is lower quality because they're not able to access that value. And really, this comes down to communication. And we've already talked about this quite a bit so far with the storytelling lesson, which in in summary is just like make sure you're telling the viewer what's going on at all times and what the stakes are, what could go wrong. So, if they know all of those details, then they're able to keep up with the story and empathize with you, get a lot more immersed into what's happening. We have that communicated. That was a big part of communication. But there's a lot more to communication beyond that. I think there is three more things to communication. These are especially important if you make videos like mine that are not a story, but you're explaining something. First, let's say you're explaining something and you make it clear and concise. Great. You're getting to the point and just saying things simply how they are. Well, that's still going to leave the viewer down there. Why? Try to remember the last time you were learning to play a new game. People could tell you a crystal clear and concise explanation of how to play, but that wasn't good enough. It was a lot to take in, so you forgot some details, and it it just took a few rounds before you really understood the game. The key thing here is that it isn't tangible until you've seen it in action. And it's also hard to wrap your head around if it's totally new to you. So, how do you get the viewer to understand things? You can use an analogy like, for example, what I did a moment ago when I related the viewer's experience trying to understand your video to your experience learning to play a new game. Or you can give an example like like what I just did. I gave the example of using an analogy. Those things turn an abstract idea into something vivid for the viewer. The next thing is to get someone else to watch your video before you post it. I've been doing this for years now, and every single time I get someone pointing out some moment in my video that was either boring or it was confusing. Now, the final thing is something I swear by because it set me apart ever since my previous channel. It's what I do with the visuals. Check this out. Your journey begins as you scour the surface for the wooden boomerang, your first weapon. You find a fallen star and use it to upgrade to the enchanted boomerang. The game [music] is only getting started. Did you catch it? In my videos, I always make certain that every single thing I talk about has a visual to show that thing because you obviously want to pace your video pretty quickly. But the issue is if you pace your video really quickly, then it's really easy for the viewer to miss some details. The solution? Take full advantage of visual communication. That way, your video can communicate maximum value at maximum efficiency. But just showing a visual for each thing isn't all there is to it. There's often multiple things in a scene that the viewer might look at, so you need to clarify where their focus should be. I zoom in and pan the camera to exactly what the viewer should be looking at at any given moment. But that brings up this really common misconception that people have with editing. There's this big narrative that the more cool things you put into your video, whether it's visuals or sound effects, that's going to lead to more views. And I'm sure you've seen a lot of big creators having a ton of variety in their videos, too. But variety is much more delicate than that. And having variety just for the sake of having it really has the potential to screw up your video. Let me explain. Variety is like seasonings in a dish. The purpose is to bring out the flavor of the food, but too many seasonings ruins the dish. So, for example, with the mood of your video, keeping a constant tone throughout the whole video is like only using one seasoning. It's boring. But if the mood fluctuates from excitement over something to worry about some problem or threat to joy about a solution to unease over some impending obstacle and so on, your video becomes much more engaging and vivid. The viewer is kept alert by the shifting tone and the contrast between moods enhances the strength of each mood. So, a healthy amount of variety is great there, but adding too much variety can be harmful, just like adding too many seasonings to a dish. For example, with your visuals, if you take things too far with variety, it becomes difficult to keep up. The viewer isn't given enough time to process each thing that's happening on screen, which means they can't absorb anything valuable from the visuals. So, the point I'm making with variety and with your video editing in general is that rather than taking all the spices and tossing in as much as you can, you got to think about the effect each thing you do has and how much of it's needed to create the perfect experience for your audience. So, what can you do to make the algorithm always choose your videos to be the ones that blow up? Here, I'll go ahead and tell you. The algorithm is designed to make the viewer's experience of going on YouTube be as enjoyable as possible. So if your video is predicted to be one of the most enjoyable videos for someone, the algorithm will recommend your video to them. Now, if your video is predicted to be a highly enjoyable video for millions of people, then the algorithm will recommend your video to millions of people. Here's how to do that. Take an audience that you understand. [music] you know what they're interested in and you know what they're seeking for, the experience they want when they go on YouTube. What you need to do is figure out exactly what they want and how to give it better than the competition. For example, with my Terraria channel that I was running when I was 15, I looked at all of my competition. I looked at what videos were getting the most views in my niche and then I compared those videos to my videos. And I kept noticing and then improving the things that they were doing better than I was until eventually I was getting the same or even sometimes even more views than [music] them. So that's what this final component is. It's to study what has gotten the most views in your niche. And you look at those videos and [music] you're going to find out from that what your audience values. What is it that they value? [music] Then you're going to study those videos to figure out how to provide that value better than anyone else can. And that's been my secret to going viral, blowing up with each and every

  Top Comments:
  1. @songsofthesiren874 [3 likes]: So helpful for people new to this! Thank you.
  2. @LearnByLeo [2 likes]: Step by step instructions to get your channel to 100k subs (free roadmap) 👉 https://www.skool.com/get-views-free/about
  3. @MichaelTrentColvin: ❤ Outstanding 💯
  4. @garbuio1111: I litterally went to like the video 4 times before it was over. Great content
  5. @LeftoutLevelup: Thank you for sharing
  6. @GottaRush: 8:24 haha, I see what you did there
  7. @shmaklfrunkl: I might be the only mfer that thought the title said "your vid cant stop gooning" im sorry, but it's what i read, and now i have to share with the class
  8. @I_xm_editora_009: Hii
I am an ameture editor 
I usually upload anime edits So how can I increase the views and make it less boring to my viewers
  9. @Comiccrimes: How Did You Create That Map Animation?
  10. @JustANewOpinion: Omg my guy makes the script very interesting <3
  11. @LagHappensPetCrew: Dude, save some viewers for the rest of us….😂
  12. @LagHappensPetCrew: Ok, I need to say this…..

So I’m growing my channel of everyday life my crazy, chaotic, funny and cute pets. AmStaff, and two cats. 
This is a chain of events that led me here watching this video for the 5th time and YouTube’s algorithm knew to put it in front of my eyes….
I knew I needed/wanted REALLY good editing tools so I purchased Premiere Pro with VERY LITTLE knowledge and I wanted to know the basics. And I have been learning quite well and still learning. So I searched “premiere pro tutorials” and it led me to a few videos that really helped (this is where it gets interesting) and I kept watching more of what YouTube was feeding me. I wanted more knowledge that I wasn’t even searching for like this video for example. 
I just searched Premiere tutorials but I ALWAYS want to know more so I ended up with this channel which explained (in great detail) the 4 W’s. I wanted to know more of behind the  editing, how to edit psychologically, how to get my audience to engage more etc. 

That ALL happened within one hour. I’m amazed at how well I was fed with what I was aching to learn. I have 9 pages of notes from watching two of his videos. 
Thank you for the effort you put into these tutorials. 
Was I engaged?? 
Pft…beyond measure..I needed to know more. And more. 
I’ve landed exactly where I needed to land to help my channel grow.
  13. @pluppiscool: 10:27 you had the PERFECT chance to say "or does it?" slowly with the vsauce sound when he asks a question
  14. @Lazan404: Love the video very helpful
  15. @HenriqueBevilacquaEng: Comes back bro
  16. @connorzanoli: This video is so unbelievably good
  17. @MinixOfficial: e
  18. @Rob5kstar: More dubs plss
  19. @StevenBucao-s6i: bros content make watch tell edit, the editing is so good
  20. @Puschkin_Entertainment: Hmmm, yeah, i see you. You are the only Youtube Guru i respect. 👍🏻 
To all the other Small Creators, you should listen to this Man!

- How to Make Viral Ghibli AI Videos in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever tried creating your own AI Ghibli video, only for it to look like a generic anime clip that doesn't capture the style at all? I've been there, and it's frustrating. So, I'm going to show you the exact step-by-step workflow I used to create clips that actually get mistaken for real Ghibli and have gone viral, so you can do it, too. The tool we're using for everything today is called OpenArt, which is an all-in-one platform that gives us access to every single tool we need to create our Ghibli animation. When you first log in to OpenArt, you'll see a navigation bar with six sections: story, video, image, character, world, [music] and audio. That's the whole creative studio right there. We're going to be moving between a few of those today. So, if you want to follow along and have a finished Ghibli animation by the end of this video, use the link in the description to sign up to OpenArt. We're starting with our main character first, which is the foundation for everything else. Click on character in the navigation bar, then hit create a character. You'll get three options: start from an image, describe your character, and build your character. Since we're creating someone completely fictional with no reference photo and no existing design, describe your character is exactly [music] what we need. So, select that. Now you're looking at a prompt box and two drop-down menus. For the model, select Nano Banana Pro. As for the style, select anime. [music] That style setting helps the AI understand the category of what we're making, but it does not specify if we want Ghibli. Anime is a genre all on its own with lots of different art styles. The Ghibli aesthetic we want is something you have to describe, and that description lives entirely in the prompt itself. I'll paste in this prompt. As you can see, I'm describing the character in specific plain prose, not just anime girl, and I'm naming the style references directly. I'm also using negative language at the end to actively push the AI away from the generic anime look. That last part matters more than most people think. Without it, the model defaults to what it sees most often in its training data, and that's not Ghibli. One more thing I want to point out before we generate. I wrote soft round childlike eyes [music] in that description, which was intentional. You know how important the eyes are for an anime, but if we leave the default style, we get eyes that are sharp, oversized, and expressive. [music] Ghibli eyes are the complete opposite, quiet, warm, and understated. If you leave that detail out of your character prompts, the model will give you something that looks like it belongs in a battle shonen, not a Miyazaki film. Set the number of variants to four, so we have options, then hit generate. We get back four previews that already [music] look pretty good. I'll select this one right here because she has soft lines, warm tones, [music] and that slightly imperfect hand-drawn quality that makes Ghibli feel alive rather than rendered. She also looks like she belongs in a countryside scene, which is perfect for what we're building. I'll name her May and save her as a character. She will be very important for everything we create next because in anime, the character carries the entire emotional weight of the story. The world can be as beautiful as you want, but if there's nobody to follow, the viewer has nothing to hold on to. If you skip this step and jump straight into generating scenes, you'll end up with random clips that feel disconnected from one another and with no one for the viewer to relate to. So, we build the protagonist first and everything else gets built around her. From this point forward, she can be referenced as May across every video we generate with no need to re-describe her. That's what keeps her consistent across all three clips. Head back to the OpenArt homepage and click on video in the navigation bar. You'll see a list of available models. Select Seedens 2.0. This is the model we're using for all of our clips because it handles character consistency and motion quality really well for this kind of animation style. For this first clip, the settings are straightforward. Upload May as your reference image. Set the duration to 15 seconds, resolution to 720p, and aspect ratio to 16 by 9. I'll use this prompt, and as you can see, it's not just girl runs up a hill. Every shot in this sequence is designed to build momentum. Seedens 2.0 can handle multi-shot generation from just one prompt, which is very when making anime, because it's what makes the animation feel alive rather than generated. Click generate and let it run. This came back looking genuinely impressive. It honestly doesn't look AI generated. The watercolor texture is exactly right and everything looks drawn by hand. I especially like how the foreground character is sharp, but the world around her feels like a painting and May looks like herself. [music] The character reference is doing exactly what it's supposed to. The whole clip has that slow chill energy where the world is allowed to breathe. That's exactly what Ghibli is known for. I'll download this clip now because we need it for maximum consistency with the rest of the sequence. Most people generate each clip independently and hope they match, but the moment you do that, the character shifts slightly between clips, the lighting changes and the whole art style drifts. The final result stops feeling like a continuous scene and starts feeling like a collection of random clips, but the fix is simple. When setting up video two, you're not just referencing May as an image. You're also uploading video one as a video reference. This tells SeaDance 2.0 to treat that first clip as the visual baseline. Everything carries forward like the style, the lighting and the character design. The result is a sequence that actually flows like it was built in one session. I'll set the duration to 12 seconds and keep every other setting the same as before. I'll paste in this prompt. This time, we also get dialogue in our prompt, but unlike other anime, we don't ask for shouting or intense sounds, but just a small whisper. These films don't punctuate emotional moments with big dramatic [music] music stings and screaming. They let the moment breathe. A quiet whisper over an open sky hits harder than anything louder would and that's the kind of detail that separates a clip [music] that feels like it was made by Studio Ghibli from a clip that just looks the part. Something else worth adding to your own prompts is a place and a period. [music] Something like summer countryside, 1960s rural Japan or windswept seaside village at dusk. The style prompts handle the visual language, but Ghibli films are always set somewhere specific and grounded. When you give the model that context, the backgrounds [music] stop feeling like generic pretty landscapes and start feeling like actual places. Let's generate. This looks really good. The animation remains fluid even though she's launching herself and gliding through the air. That's something most models would struggle to get right. And the close-up of her face right after is exactly the kind of quiet [music] emotional beat that makes this style work. She's just there, in the moment. And the viewer is right there with her. Download video two. The final clip is where everything we've built pays off. Now, video two becomes the reference for video three. Each clip inherits the visual DNA of the one before [music] it, and the story keeps building toward something. This final clip is the moment the [music] whole sequence has been building toward, and the prompt reflects that. Bump up the time to 15 seconds again, upload video two, and keep everything else the same for maximum consistency. I'll paste in this and generate. This is my favorite. The moment [music] when the birds rise around her looks great. The white plumage against the soft green of the meadow creates this natural contrast, [music] and May flying with the birds toward the horizon feels like the last frame before the credits roll. We've made three clips, all in a Ghibli style, and now we just need to put them together to make the whole thing look finished. Open up your video editor. I'm using CapCut, but use whatever you're most comfortable with. Drag in video one, video two, then video three in order, and trim any dead frames at the start or end of each clip. And you can also add a soft ambient track underneath. Something quiet that doesn't compete with the visual. This already looks good, but it's in 720p. And for Ghibli specifically, that's not enough. Anime is a visual art form, and at 720p, some of the details get compressed. It's not unwatchable, but it's not professional either. So, to upscale it, head back into OpenArt, go to video in the navigation bar, and this time select upscale video. Keep in mind that this tool has a 20-second limit, so if If video is 40 seconds long, you'll need to run the process twice [music] and then stitch the clips back together in CapCut. So, upload the video we just made, set the resolution to 1080p, and generate. Let's look at our final result. >> [music] [music] >> This looks really good, especially after the upscale where everything is sharper. Animation styles upscale cleanly, too, which isn't always true for live-action footage. For hand-drawn 2D aesthetics like this, the upscaler has a lot of fine detail to work with. Generating at 720p and upscaling afterward is actually the smarter workflow because it saves credits without sacrificing the final result. And with this workflow, you can create your own Ghibli animations with any story you want, all under one platform. So, if you want to start creating your own Ghibli videos, click to OpenArt. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @roboverse987 [2 likes]: Create Your Own Ghibli Anime with OpenArt 👉 https://roboverse-ai.com/ghibli
  2. @zieeeestory: Thanks 😮😮😮😮❤
  3. @Vastolorde-x4j: What is the background music name

- You're Using Claude wrong... How to Make Viral Videos with Claude: Kind: captions Language: en Faces channels are blowing up all over YouTube. Take this channel for instance, which has only four videos, over 5,000 subscribers, and over 600,000 views in the last 2 weeks. It's easy to understand why they're blowing up when you see that you can now create viral monetized content for practically nothing. The crazy part is some of these channels are generating thousands of dollars per month. There's a new system using Claude and Higsfield that makes creating entire videos from start to finish as simple as a few basic prompts. I created this video in 30 minutes. Here's a small section from it. In ancient Rome, you could legally be sued for getting hit by a bucket of human poop. Because every morning in cities of 100,000 people, citizens would walk to their windows, lean out, and just empty everything they made overnight straight into the street. I'll show you how to get set up, how to create videos on autopilot, and exactly how much this 5minute viral video cost me to make. because it's one thing to make thousands of dollars from these videos, but if they cost thousands of dollars to make, well, that just doesn't make sense. In a bit, you'll see that it definitely makes sense. So, first, let's get set up with Claude and Higsfield. Open Claude on your computer, then go to the bottom left, click on settings, then connectors, and add custom connector. In the name section, you can put Higsfield. And in the MCP URL section, you can just put what I put here. You can also find this link in the description. Then, hit connect. It'll redirect you to your Higsfield account and all you have to do is hit allow. If you then click configure, you can change when Claude can use Higsfield's tools. I just left them as follows and had no issues when generating. Claude will sometimes ask you for your permission before generating images and videos, which is great as we don't want images and videos just firing off randomly and using our credits. So, we're now set up. Let's follow a step-by-step workflow to creating our full video. The first thing that I did was ask Claude to generate a stickman image character that we will use as the face of our new channel. I also attached a reference. By the way, if you'd like a document with all the prompts that I used in this video, go ahead to the description and you'll find that document. You can use this to follow along or copy and paste these prompts if you want to generate some things for yourself. While Claude and Higsfield created Sticky, our main character for our brand new YouTube channel, I simultaneously started working on the script. In my prompt, I gave Claude some context of the new channel that I was creating. I then asked for a five minute script optimized for YouTube. I then gave Claude some initial catchy ideas from viral references I found on YouTube. I did this because your ideas are often times the most important factor for success. See them as the backbone of virality. So, giving Claude some necessary context from YouTube of what's already working will help you get that virality a whole lot faster. I then also explained that we'd be using our stick figure as the character and finally asked it to generate some script ideas and titles before we actually get into the script generation. From this, Claude generated some genuinely intriguing ideas. How did humans survive before electricity? What would happen if all the bees disappeared tomorrow? And my favorite, which is the video we created, how did the ancient cities deal with all the poop? Then just tell Claude which idea to generate the YouTube optimized script for. Let's go with idea number four. Going back to our character generation chat, Higsfield has designed our sticky character. Now, these are all great. I asked Claude to create our pose library as per its recommendation. Our pose library is something that's going to help with different character angles or poses that our character is going to make, ultimately leading to much better character consistency. After this, our script was now complete, and honestly, it was incredible. But most importantly, YouTube optimized. It added this hook section, which I thought was incredible. So, with our script being done and our pose library being done, I went to the pose library chat and asked Claude to download all of those poses directly onto our computer. With our character done and our script done, this is where the magic actually starts. In the same Claude chat where we generated the script, I uploaded the pose library from my computer and asked Claude to use them in the Stickman video. I also said add any environment or extra detail to the stickman to help explain the scenes and keep them interesting. Claude then asked me what I'd like for my first generation. It was trying to understand if I wanted to go full steam ahead or start slow to lock in the styling. I just told it to generate stills for each scene. In a few minutes, my entire storyboard was done. Check out how incredible these images are. So, honestly, these were fantastic, but there was something missing. It only generated 16 images for me. And that's too few for an entire video. But now with the style confirmed, I asked Claude to create images for each shot of our script with a max duration of each image being only 7 seconds. I also asked it to generate the images in the order of the script. This is so that I could download all those images, drag them into our editor, and the sequence would be done. Claude then generated the first scenes images and asked if it was on the right track. I really like this because there was one thing that actually needed changing. I didn't want some of the images just to be black and white, but maintain that mixed illustration visual styling like the storyboard. From here, honestly, it was too easy. Claude generated all 50 images while I worked on my next video. From here, Claude wasn't able to directly download all 50 images onto my computer. So, what I did was I went to Higsfield, batch selected the images that pertain to our first video, and downloaded them. I imported them into Caput, and guess what? All perfectly in order of our script. From here, I just recorded my voice over under my blanket. In ancient Rome, you could legally be sued for getting hit by a bucket of human poop. You could do the same thing by just pasting your script into Higsfield's voiceover tool. Then I added some music and our video was done. Just like the references that are blowing up all over YouTube. So before I dive into exactly how much this entire video cost me to make. This is only one use case. I took this product image, put it into Claude, and asked Claude to develop a full marketing plan for this product image. From here, I said, "Use this marketing plan to develop content in imagery and video for our product." I had all my marketing content for the next few weeks with two prompts. So, the actual cost to generate this 5-minute faceless YouTube video, Higsfield charges four credits per Nano Bonano Pro 4K generation. We generated four character hero images and nine pose library images. This is 15 generations in total. We then generated 16 storyboard or kind of directional images. And finally, we generated 50 final stick figure animations that we used in the video. 81 images in total, which times 4 is 324 credits. At $125 a month, you get 6,000 credits, which equates to 2 cents per credit. When we times 2 cents by 324, this comes to a final price for all of the images and the entire video of $648. So, let's quickly check this channel with four videos. We can confirm that yes, ads are displaying and they are monetized. They've got four videos on their channel, which costed roughly $26 to make. And with the viewership that they've gained, they've generated about $1,200 in the last two weeks. $26 in a couple of hours, $1,200 made from their videos. But it doesn't actually end here. We still need thumbnails for our videos. We want the entire thing to be packaged pretty much on autopilot. So what I did was now that Claude had the context for the script and it knew the visual direction of our video, I simply wrote a prompt. Claude, please generate me some thumbnails for our video. with a simple prompt, three optimized thumbnails ready to go. So, let's summarize exactly what we made in less than an hour, all inside of Claude. We generated a brand new character and developed his pose guide. We then generated a YouTube optimized script, which is actually interesting, and used that script to generate our entire content library. We brought that library inside of Caput, and our images were perfectly in sequence, so we didn't need to reorder them. And then from there, we generated three thumbnails that we could use using YouTube's test and compare feature. If you're not signed up for Higsfield yet and you want to get involved in this automation faceless YouTube game, check out Higsfield. There's a link in the description. With our character setup, Claude understanding exactly how we like our visual direction and our YouTube scripts and Higsfield prep for mass production. Creating an entire new video would take a fraction of the time. Half the time was just spent building that initial visual and channel direction. Now that that's done, we just hit play on mass video production. In ancient Rome, you could legally be sued for getting hit by a bucket of human poop. Because every morning in cities of 100,000 people, citizens would walk to their windows, lean out, and just empty everything they made overnight straight into the street. And Rome was the clean one. Here's the problem nobody warns you about when you build a city. The average human produces around 150 g of waste per day. Multiply that by the population of ancient Rome, roughly 1 million people at its peak, and you get 150 tons of human waste every single day. Now imagine you have no flushing toilets, no sewers in the neighborhoods, no bin collection, no idea germs exist, and summer is coming. So how did ancient cities not just drown in it? For most of human history, this wasn't a problem. When you live in a group of 40 people, you walk into the bushes, you dig a hole, and you're done. The earth handles the rest. But around 5,000 years ago, something broke. Humans started living in cities. Thousands of people, then tens of thousands, then hundreds of thousands. All eating, all drinking, and all processing. Suddenly, the bush and hole strategy collapses. There are no bushes, there's no soil, and there's just stone. your neighbors and a rising tide of human output. Every great civilization had to solve this and the solutions ranged from genius to insane to genuinely tragic. First stop, the Indies Valley around 2,500 BC, modern-day Pakistan. These people did something nobody else would do for another 4,000 years. They built private toilets in every house connected to the covered drains running through every street flushed with water from their own wells. To put that in perspective, Victorian London 4,000 years later, was still dumping raw sewage into the tames. The Indies Valley had a better sewage system than most of Europe did in the industrial revolution. Next, Rome, famous for the cloa maxima, the great drain. A sewer so big you could sail a boat through it. But here's the twist. The sewer only served the rich. If you lived in an apartment block, which most Romans did, you used a public toilet, a long stone bench, no walls, no privacy, 20 strangers sitting in a row having a conversation. And toilet paper didn't exist. You used a stick with a sponge tied to the end, shared by everyone, rinsed in a bucket of vinegar between uses. This is, by the way, where the phrase getting the wrong end of the stick may come from. Now we go to medieval Europe and everything Rome figured out gets thrown away. When Rome fell, the sewers fell with it. For the next thousand years, most European cities had one strategy. It was called guardilu from the French guard, meaning watch out for the water. You'd shout it from your window, then you'd throw your chamber pot into the streets. This is genuinely why high heeled shoes were invented. Not for fashion, to keep your feet out of the river of human waste flowing past your door. Streets sloped down the middle into a central gutter. When it rained, that gutter became a brown stream. When it didn't rain, it became something much worse. And this this is where the black death came from. But here's the part nobody talks about. The poop wasn't actually the thing that killed people. The poop was just the messenger. The real killer was something invisible. Something every ancient city was accidentally doing. And none of them realized until one doctor in one city finally connected the dots. 1854. A cholera outbreak is killing hundreds of people in a single neighborhood. Everybody blames bad air. One doctor, Jon Snow, doesn't buy it. He walks the streets. He asks every grieving family one question. Where did you get your water? Every death traces back to one water pump on Broad Street. And underneath that pump just a few feet away, a leaking cesspit full of waste from a baby who had died of cholera the week before. The poop in the streets, in the gutters, in the rivers, it had been leaking into the drinking water for thousands of years. That's what killed Romans. Jon Snow ripped the handle off the pump. The death stopped and modern sanitization was born. Today, we flush a toilet and we never think about it again. But every time you do, you're using technology that took humans 5,000 years. A few hundred plagues and one stubborn doctor with a map to figure it out. The Indies Valley got it right first. Rome got it half right and forgot. Medieval Europe paid the price. And the modern world only works because somewhere along the way, somebody finally asked, "Where does it all go? So, next time you flush your toilets, appreciate it. It's the most underrated invention in human history. If you want to know how humans survived a problem even bigger than this one, watch this next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @petermolvaier [8 likes]: It is an illusion that the videos on the channels you exemplified were made in 30 minutes; if you check their style compared to your style, their style is more unitary — your generated images feel like they were made in 30 minutes
  2. @geankg7896 [2 likes]: All the channels of this kind has been now demonetized,
  3. @anastasiiaalimetova5910 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  4. @lemapp [1 likes]: Fun historical detail: at Disney World’s Magic Kingdom in Liberty Square, that brown strip down the street is meant to represent how waste would run through the center of colonial-era roads.
  5. @fueledlife3788 [1 likes]: That story though 🤣🤣
  6. @bretebey: Aren't these all the type of videos that youtube is demonitizing?
  7. @abigballtv: I don’t think it’s right that you DIDN’T mention this was a sponsored video. Higgsfield seems to be doing this with a lot of creators, but I honestly expected more transparency from you.
  8. @NoNetworkWithKatya: Wow, crazy, sounds too good to be true! Nice video and great story! Was the script also written by AI? And does doing the voiceover under a blanket have some effect?
  9. @tripityourself: I thought YouTube wouldn't monetize videos heavily using AI
  10. @overtime3345: I like your editing style
  11. @buldzzz: Awesome, thanks!
/
  12. @PjAyzB: Hi Matt, question. Can you make one of this viral captions edit from Capcut, I will wait if you create this like video that I'll be sharing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocabkg01KBw&list=PLiM4yTqh8gIPpUqocF95iNjIV2zYXCElE&index=12
  13. @RetroMotion20: haha faceless channels are not blowing all over the youtube thy all are getting banned or most of them this type of content is becoming very dangerous because you can get demonetarized there are 100 of cases even channels with 500k followers getting demonetarized
  14. @normalguy-j9t: Who tf gave you 6000 credits its 3000
  15. @fragrancewithdev101: Been trying to connect claude to HF for weeks and it doesnt work lol.
  16. @TheReadingHour: Hire me I'll give you result like a pro you definitely like it if its animated
  17. @squashi96zalen57: dang 125 bucks/month is a lot for sub
  18. @heredosali327: Wow amazing
  19. @HSNEditLab: Bro Hire me I am a Capcut video editor
  20. @tissletti: incredible

- Behind Eugene • Making A Viral BuzzFeed Video: Kind: captions Language: en - Sex, beauty, modeling campaign, you know? - Yeah. - But in your head you're thinking bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, but it comes across on your face like really, really elegantly. I'm Eugene Lee Yang and I'm a video producer at Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. - Many people think that we're just actors but we're actually also writers, producers, directors, editors. We essentially do everything from top to bottom on a shoot. I'm responsible for a lot of the bigger hits that we've had virally. I am just very particular about how I want my videos to come out. The company is expecting me to create one big viral video per month that will really just knock it out of the park across platforms. That's a lot of pressure to be under but I strive under that pressure. I have one big concept that I've always wanted to do, wedding dresses across the world. What I envision is this huge runway show that just showcases gorgeous, expensive gowns that women either historically or today would be able to wear for their wedding day. And just have them strut the fuck out. - Hey, Eugene. - Hey, Andrew. Andrew Gauthier is the Executive Producer of Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. So I'm excited to see how well he takes the idea of wedding dresses around the world. - So what's your video this month? - Oh, well, okay. I really wanted to do something with wedding gowns. - [Andrew] How do you think it's going to do, though? - I think this will blow up. - And you really think you can do it by deadline? - I think I can get it done in one week. I just need-- - [Andrew] I don't believe you're actually going to get it done by then. - No, I don't think I can. I need a lot of time. - [Andrew] I honestly don't know about that. - We're talking about around the world. This needs a lot of prep time. - [Andrew] All right, all right, this is on you. - Don't worry about it, I got this. - [Andrew] Okay. - Cool, well, enjoy your trip in London. - [Andrew] Okay, yeah, let's connect when I get back. - All right. - [Andrew] Just make it work. - I will. I'll fucking do it, I always do it. Hey, hey, don't fall out the window. Come here, come here. I think people might associate me, even within Buzzfeed, as someone who has ridiculously high standards but for me I just think sometimes quality comes at a cost and that cost can be people's comfort. - He demands so much of the people around him, maybe to the point where he doesn't think a lot about the people around him. - I don't think that he puts a crazy amount of pressure on people, I think that people see how much pressure he puts on himself and then they're just like, "Oh God, I have to make this perfect." - What people don't know about Buzzfeed crews is that we don't have crews. We actually use our own interns. For the time being, I have luckily been assigned two different interns. The first intern I have is Caroline who will primarily be focused more on the production side. - I've just heard that it's going to be intense a lot of, what's the word? Shoot. Just like really intense. - Jazzmine, my second intern, will be focused more on the style aspect but she is pretty green to production and film sets. - If I need to be coached through it, then I do, but if not, I'll just act like I know what I'm doing and make sure it looks good. - I'm super worried because I haven't worked with these interns before and this is really the first time where, you know, all eyes are really on me as a producer and a director and as an editor to make something fantastic because if it is fantastic, you get to see how great I was but if it sucks, then you get to see how much bullshit I'm spewing right now. So it better be good. Kari, as my research liaison, I just need to know how many wedding dresses we can get from how many different countries and hopefully we can pull together like, I don't know, 10 to 20. - 10 to 20? - 10 to 20 just to start and then we'll see-- - You're going to need to narrow it down, man. - Let's say world right now but if you have to whittle it down, I would say I'm comfortable with looking at Asia. - This may have to just be Asian. - Okay, cool, so if you can start researching access to fashion designers who are from that country and really represent that style authentically. - We're definitely going to need to find out who we're going with internationally because we're going to have to get it through customs too. - We don't get special customs treatment? - No. - Can you just be like, "It's for a Buzzfeed video"? - No, they will laugh at you. - Okay, well, Caroline, Jazzmine, who are you? - Liana. - Liana, are you, is she my other intern? - [Angela] Yes. - I just found out today that I was going to be on this shoot. - You guys, we're going to be fine, we're going to be great. Sorry, I'm just getting caught up on all this. I've actually secured five different designers from each country and then one extra designer who's doing the traditional Western style gown. Actually, the Afghan designer is the cousin to the crown prince of Afghanistan. - So really legit. - Yeah, she basically just designs for diplomats and royalty. - You're so annoying. - I've been talking to a designer in Thailand, she's going to be sending dresses from New York. - In Thailand? - Yeah, she's in Thailand. This will be around the budget. - Okay, what are the countries that are represented? - The countries that are represented, I've whittled it down to Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Thailand, and India. - All right, one, two, three, here we go. This is really tall. (perky music) - All we have to do is put the plexiglass down. Which is going to serve as a runway. We're going to finish the lighting. I'm aiming at getting our first shot off at 10:00 AM. - I have my Fitbit on with my heartrate monitor. I'm going to keep track of that and keep it mellow. - Watch the gowns with the coffee. Okay, no, watch the bottom, watch the bottom of the gowns. - Oh Lord. - Yeah, okay, just be careful. - Have mercy on us. - Try to get on for first shot at 11 now. That's my goal. so I want to get it centered because this is going to be how it's lying. There's a black spot right there. Can we move that black spot? What is that? Is that lint? Like a quarter inch back, no, it was a little too-- No, like an eighth of an inch, just a little bit to your right, Shayne, just a tiny bit. No, you're just rotating it. Caroline, lift with him and pull it slightly to your right, Shayne, very slightly, stop. - Like right now? Oh, Jesus. - The first shot will be when the first shot decides to happen. Just got to make sure it's all perfect. That was a ninja move. - Yeah, it was, I saw that. - It's kind of watery, it's okay. - Cool. - Thank you for making this. Jazzmine! No, this is the Thai jewelry. There should be a Ralph's paper bag that has all of the jewelry in it. - I'll go re-look for you. - I would sprint and make sure it's there. Oh, here we go - [Voiceover] Yay! - God, my brain, this is like $10,000 worth of jewelry. Can we take the zebra stripes off of that? I'm going to play the music that it will actually be to. All right. - Hold on. - [Eugene] And. - Wait, how do I get out? - Caroline, you good? - Yes. - Let's roll cameras. Music. You're actually on the wedding aisle, okay? You're walking down to your husband right here and action! - Hi, my name is Michelle Hebert and I'm one of the designers on set today. - You're going to hit, hit, turn left. Really breathe like boom, boom, boom. - [Jazzmine] Why isn't Eugene in a dress? - You always want to be kind of like 31ish degrees - Okay. - So it's not here and it's not like here, it's like right there. I think this should be lower, slightly. I don't want to make the designer mad. - Hi, I'm Kathryn Waldron and I'm the makeup artist. - He's very professional but he's freaking crazy. - Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, yes, yes! All your jewelry feels so good but you can't have it because it's mine because I'm the queen of Thailand. Whatever, loser, flip out, good, yes! Cut. You guys are good on that camera, right? - [Eugene] All right, let's switch lenses. - I'm the designer for the Afghan clothes. - So one of the models was too thin for the dresses so they called me in. - And turn to camera and pose. Oh, wow. I'm Sofia, I'm not a model, I don't know how to model. You were amazing. - I'm the designer for the Vietnamese bride. - Circle, right? Perfect, perfect, perfect. And set, model. We are over halfway through now. You are all doing an amazing job. - My mom's designs for the traditional Korean dress. - Yeah, you are working that dress, beautiful. For Korea! Turn! - I'm here to provide henna design. - You know who the queen is, oh yes, it's you. You can exit, get out of there. Whatever bitches. One more time. I want you to really sell this last stare. Walk away and stare at them. Stare at them, stare at them, stare at them. Turn, yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! And, cut. That's a wrap. Yeah! Let's get you out of those gorgeous clothes and into like a pizza box, I'm hungry. - I want to learn more about big sets and how we can use this space to create. Sorry, it's late. I can't think very well. - I'm taking away like opening up people's minds and I'm really passionate about that as well. - I know I can be a bit of an ass sometimes but, you know, that's just Asian parenting rule number one. You know? You've got to be strict. You've got to get everything down because in the end, they're going to succeed and they succeeded today, they were great. So I've been editing about three days now. I see about a million mistakes that were made. Sofia was wearing leggings under the dress so I have to cut around fucking leggings but it's cool. But, you know, things like that, you don't notice it on a shoot and you sit here and then you're like, "Fuck! Everything is wrong." That's kind of how I think most filmmakers see footage is everything looks bad. You know, otherwise I think it looks pretty damn good for what we were given. I think everyone involved on the shoot, from the fashion designers to the models to all of the interns and the crew did an amazing job and I'm so proud of what we accomplished with such little means. It's always like comparing it to having a baby. Not nearly as painful, well-- I don't know what it's like to have a baby but it was pretty painful. I feel like I just pushed out a human out of my phantom vagina. So, yeah, it's about to be unleashed upon the world, Wedding Dresses Across Asia and I really hope you guys enjoy it. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @rubisheikh9796 [5 likes]: I don't know about the other countries but that is DEFINITELY not what we wear in our wedding in INDIA..😭😭 But I really appreciate their dedication to work.. Amazing
  2. @Honey511Bee [5 likes]: No wonder he was having to be demanding! Buzzfeed weren't giving him any leeway!
  3. @victoriavargas674 [4 likes]: That Andrew guy is a dick. I understand it’s a company but then at the meeting he wasn’t entirely present and said Eugene was annoying. Okay let’s see you create fantastic videos like Eugene. Oh wait you can’t cause you’re nobody. Get out of here with your rude demeanor.
  4. @graceriley2500 [4 likes]: this is so scripted to me, it feels designed to make eugene come off as the bad guy. it just is not a good look on buzzfeeds end
  5. @graceriley2500 [4 likes]: this feels so agressively scripted
  6. @zachstoiko1484 [4 likes]: This is such an unhealthy work environment no wonder everyone leaves Buzzfeed and makes a video about it; it seems like absolute hell
  7. @aty6901 [3 likes]: Yea no I saw nothing wrong, he’s a highly driven individual, he expects his team to be competent as well
  8. @mehnoorayesha4686 [2 likes]: It's just soo attractive how passionate he is
  9. @DarlingDevil4691 [2 likes]: Eugene was so nice to the interns :)
  10. @oIipipa [2 likes]: Eugene is in the try guys now 😂😂
  11. @TanyaM02 [1 likes]: Eugene really disappointed by Indian wedding dress
  12. @alyshalee6313 [1 likes]: I love how we can see his hair stylist in a video from so far back, Obvs they're friends but still cool to see. and David is not afraid to say "He's friggin crazy"
  13. @maulolumleod6310 [1 likes]: Who came here because of the tiktok
  14. @samandsophia5632 [1 likes]: 7:46 love that
  15. @Departure-yz7ok [1 likes]: Damn Eugene is really good
  16. @AdaValentine92: Yas Safiya!
  17. @refugeeofroads: eugene soo gay oh my lordie bordy i slink the shabork
  18. @Febieananda: Andrew 😍
  19. @dngr_412: OMG ITS THAI!!!!
  20. @oliveoil9177: SAFIYA NYGAARD WE NEED U BACK 8:27

- The Only AI Video Generator That Makes Real 4K AI Films: Kind: captions Language: en Kling 3.0 just got a massive update and it's now the first AI video model that can natively generate full 4K cinematic shots in a single click. But here is what nobody is telling you. Kling 3.0 isn't just sharper than every other model on the market. It's also the most realistic and the most prompt accurate. And I tested it head-to-head against Seedens 2.0 and VO3 to prove it. Same prompts, same settings, and I took the best generation from each model. And honestly, the results genuinely surprised me. So in this video, we'll break down the head-to-head test across five different categories [music] so we can see exactly which model wins and where. I'll show you a full cinematic short film I made using only Kling 3.0 in native 4K. We'll walk through the exact step-by-step process to start generating these shots ourselves. And later, I'll break down the exact prompting framework I used to get this level of realism so we can recreate it in our own projects. To do all this, we'll be using OpenArt because it's hands-down the cleanest place to access every major AI video model in one spot. So if you're ready, let's get into it. Before we get into the head-to-head test, we need to talk about why this update is such a huge deal. Up until now, every major AI video model was capped at 1080p or 720p, which on its own looks decent. The problem is, even when the resolution is technically fine, the footage still has that subtle AI-generated feel. But the upgrade goes way beyond resolution. It's noticeably more realistic. This is the exact same prompt I ran on Kling 2.6 at 1080p and on Kling 3.0 at 4K. On the left, the shot looks decent, but we can still tell it's AI footage. The wheat looks slightly too sharp, the hand moves weird, and there's that softness that immediately signals this isn't real. Now, look at the right. We can count individual grains on each stalk. The fine bristles are razor sharp. We can even see tiny details catching the warm sunlight as the hand brushes through the field. And most importantly, it looks real, not good for AI, real. This is the difference that native 4K actually makes. But native 4K is just the headline feature. What really matters is whether Kling 3.0 beats the other top AI video models when we put them head-to-head. So, let's do exactly that. So, here's where things get interesting. To find out which model actually wins, I ran the same prompt through SeeDance 2.0, Google Veo 3, and Kling 3.0 across five different categories: skin, fabric, water, landscapes, and space. And before we get into the results, I want to be fully transparent about how I tested this. I ran each prompt twice in every model and picked the best of the two results. No cherry-picking, no running it 10 times the perfect roll. This is as fair of a head-to-head as I could possibly make it. Now, let's get into the results. We're starting with skin because this is where AI models usually get exposed. The prompt was an extreme macro of dark brown skin with natural oils, individual pores, and soft golden window light wrapping around the face. Here's SeeDance. It's surprisingly close to realism, but it completely ignored the prompt. We genuinely couldn't tell which part of the skin we were even looking at, despite the prompt clearly saying it should be the face. Now, here's Veo 3. This is the most cinematic shot of the three. It shows parts of the lips and nose, and the lighting is gorgeous, but it's clearly stylized. This is what AI thinks beautiful skin looks like, not what real skin looks like. And here's Kling 3.0. Not as flashy as Veo 3, but it looks real. It hit the prompt exactly. The lighting is grounded, the texture is honest, and the macro feels like real cinema footage. Next up is fabric. The prompt was an extreme macro of a hand-knitted wool sweater being worn with subtle breathing motion. Here's SeeDance. The wool itself looks beautifully detailed, but SeeDance hung the sweater in a giant industrial loom instead of having someone wear it like the prompt asked. Now, Veo 3. Again, hyper-cinematic, gorgeous lighting. But same as SeeDance, it completely ignored the actual instructions. And here's Kling 3.0. Honestly, it nailed it. The fabric looks like real wool through a real macro lens. It even captured the subtle breathing motion of the wearer that we asked for in the prompt. This is starting to become a pattern. Now, let's get into water, which is one of the hardest things for any AI video model to handle. The prompt was an ultra slow-motion ocean wave crashing against jagged rocks. Here's SeaDance. The wave looks beautiful and the background music is genuinely [music] cinematic, but the water itself looks too animated. It's almost like a scene from a pirate movie instead of real-life ocean footage. Now, Veo-3, this is closer to realism, but the whole shot has these weird AI ASMR vibes. The pacing is too smooth, the sound design feels artificial, and we can tell something is off the second we look at it. And here's Kling 3.0, this just looks real. The water moves like real water, the droplets behave like real droplets, and there's little to no uncanny AI feeling at all. Now, let's zoom out for landscapes. The prompt was a sweeping aerial shot over snow-capped mountain peaks at golden hour. Here's SeaDance, stunning aerial shot, gorgeous lighting, absolutely beautiful. Then Veo-3, also beautiful and just as cinematic. And Kling 3.0, I'll be honest with you on this one. This is a three-way tie. All three models absolutely nailed the shot. If we picked any one of these, no one would even know it came from AI. So, this round, everybody won, but space is a different story. The prompt was a cinematic shot of Earth's sunrise as seen from low orbit with brilliant golden sunlight breaking over the curved horizon. Here's SeaDance. Really strong cinematic look. Then Veo-3, honestly, this is gorgeous. The camera drift feels straight out of a sci-fi blockbuster, and the music genuinely fits the scene. But there's one problem, neither SeaDance nor Veo-3 actually nailed the most important part of the prompt. Watch what Kling 3.0 does. That brilliant golden sunlight breaking over the curved horizon, Kling 3.0 is the only model that actually got it right. The light cuts across the planet exactly the way the prompt described, and the entire shot still feels grounded and real, not over stylized like the other two. Out of all five categories, Kling 3.0 was the most realistic and the most prompt accurate four times. The reason it's only four out of five is because the other category was a draw, landscapes, where every single model nailed it. So, if we step back and look at the full picture, here's what we're actually seeing. Veo 3 makes hands down the prettiest videos. SeeDance has solid realism, but consistently drifts away from the prompt. Meanwhile, Cling 3.0 takes a different approach. It cares more about hitting our prompt and looking real than looking flashy. And for filmmakers, ad creators, or anyone who needs their AI footage to feel like real camera footage, that's exactly what we want. But, we've only seen these models in isolated test shots. The real test is whether we can string Cling 3.0 shots together into a fully cohesive cinematic short film. So, let me show you exactly what I built. I created a cinematic short film using only Cling 3.0 in native 4K. It's called The Forge Master, a story about a lone medieval blacksmith forging a sword at the break of dawn deep in a mountain valley. I designed it specifically to push every single one of those realism categories at the same time. Check this out. That entire film was generated in Cling 3.0. No external upscalers, no post-production sharpening, just raw 4K output straight from the model. And later in this video, I'll break down the exact prompting techniques I used to get this kind of cinematic quality. But first, let's actually generate something together so we know how to use this tool ourselves. This is the easiest part of the whole video. OpenArt made this insanely simple. First, we'll head over to OpenArt and log into our account. Once we're in, we'll toggle over video and select text to video. In the model drop-down, OpenArt allows us to select from every major mainstream model on the market, which is incredibly useful when comparing results. [music] But for now, we'll select Kling 3.0. Now, here's the part that matters. We need to find the resolution toggle and switch it to 4K. [music] This is the setting that unlocks everything we just looked at. Without this, we're just generating standard Kling output. Next, we'll drop in our prompt. For this demo, I'm using a macro close-up of a tiger's eye with water droplets on the surrounding fur. Then, we'll hit generate and let Kling 3.0 cook. And just like that, we have a fully native 4K cinematic shot ready to drop into any project. That's literally it. Four clicks and a prompt. Now, let's go behind the scenes of the short film we just watched because the prompts I used are not random. I built a single template that I use for every single shot in this entire video. And once we have it, we can plug in literally any subject and consistently get results that look like real cinema footage. Here's the template: shot type and scale, subject and context, primary texture details, subtle natural motion or life behavior, physics-based action or micro movement, lighting direction and environmental light source, background environment with depth cues, lens behavior, focus style and depth of field, camera movement if any, and finally, the cinema camera reference. This might look intimidating at first, but each part has a specific job. Let me break down why each one matters. The first piece is shot type and scale. This tells Kling exactly how close we want to get to our subject. Words like extreme macro close-up, ultra slow motion, or wide cinematic aerial set the entire visual tone of the shot before we even describe what we're filming. Next is texture details. This is where most people fail with AI video. Instead of just saying wool sweater, we layer in specific words like highly detailed yarn fibers, twisted threads, and soft fuzzy texture. These force Kling to generate at a much higher level of detail than it would by default. Then, we have motion and physics. Generic motion prompts give us generic results. So, instead of water splashing, we'll say detailed water droplets and sea foam suspended in midair with realistic splash dynamics. The more specific we get with motion, the better the output becomes. After that comes lighting direction. Always tell Kling exactly where the light is coming from. Be as detailed as you can and write something like side lighting, golden hour rim light, or dramatic firelight flicker. These small additions are the difference between flat AI output and a shot that looks like it belongs in a movie. Then lens behavior and depth of field. This is the trick that separates amateur AI clips from professional ones. Phrases like anamorphic cinema lens behavior, ultra shallow depth of field with cinematic focus pull, and warm forge fire reflecting across one side of face tells Kling to mimic the way real film cameras actually capture light. And finally, the cinema camera reference itself. Phrases like shot on Arri Alexa, Red Komodo, or Phantom Flex tell Kling to literally render the shot as if it came out of that exact camera. This single line completely changes our output from AI generated to actual film footage. So, when we put it all together, here's what an actual filled out version of this template looks like. This is the exact prompt we used to generate the tiger eye shot earlier in the tutorial. Every single piece of the template is filled in. And the result is a shot that genuinely looks like it was filmed on a real cinema camera, not generated by AI. I'll drop the full template and every single prompt I used in this video in the prompt pack linked in the description so we can grab it ourselves and start generating. So, that's the new native 4K update for Kling 3.0. 4K cinematic footage straight from the model. And if you want to try this yourself, OpenArt is the easiest way in. Every major AI video model is already built in and the 4K toggle is right there in the interface. The link is in the description. But here's the thing, Kling 3.0 dominated almost every realism category we just tested. But realism isn't everything. SeeDance 2.0 actually pulls ahead in ways Kling 3.0 can't match yet. So, before we commit to one tool, we need to know which one fits the project we're actually working on. That's exactly why I made a separate full breakdown comparing C-DANCE 2.0 and CLING 3.0 head-to-head to settle this debate once and for all. Click the video on screen right now, and I'll show you the full verdict.

  Top Comments:
  1. @khadarhussain1741: Lypsync avatar kiling is better
  2. @khadarhussain1741: Yes kling is better I tested
  3. @Ismail-w6w8h: 😮
  4. @pal_lee-d2w: This is awesome
  5. @muharmanzainumi2582: Awesome
  6. @oswaldoguzman6328: Hey, that's great content for creating my 4K movies, just what I was looking for.

- 3 Truths About Overnight Success: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, it's Marie Forleo and you are watching MarieTV, the place to be to create a business and life you love, and this is Q&A Tuesday. Today's question comes from Leslie and she writes: "Hi, Marie. I'm so relieved that you shared with us that your journey to success has not been an overnight sensation. Here's my question: when you see a story from someone saying they've completely transformed their business and are making a six figure income in only a few short months. Is this the modern version of a snake oil salesman? Or can a new business really have this fast of an upturn? I'm curious to know if there's a specific tipping point that can take a business from "meh" to "yay." Leslie, this is an awesome question. I've seen a lot of those instant success stories and I can completely understand your skepticism. We live in a completely overhyped culture where people want a better body, better relationship, more money in three easy steps, and they want it yesterday. Want the truth? Most people have completely lost touch with what it really takes to be successful. If you want to be wealthy, influential and world class in your field, strap yourself in and get ready to work harder and longer than you've ever worked before. Being successful is not easy and it does not happen fast. You have to earn it. Here's the thing: most of what it takes to get successful is painstaking, it's tedious and the day-to-day is boring, but no one ever tells you that, so let's get to it; three real truths about overnight success. Truth #1 -- overnight success is the extreme rare exception, not the rule. So yes, while it is possible for someone to achieve fast results, and there are legit people that do it, for the vast majority of us, lasting success takes a lot of time and a lot of hard work. You got to remember, it's a marathon, not a sprint, and especially in the beginning, there's no accolades, no fanfare, hardly any money, not a lot of recognition, often for years. Take a look at actor Jeremy Renner who I happen to love. He seemingly came out of nowhere because he's all over the place right now, but if you do a little bit of research, you'll see that many have called him an overnight success 20 years in the making. Yes, sometimes there are breakthrough moments that propel someone into the public eye, but those usually come after years of laying a foundation. You've got to remember this, even if you have a breakthrough moment or some kind of highlight, often times you have to work even harder to keep it all going. Truth #2 -- You're likely not getting the whole story. Whenever you see a little blurb on a website, or even an article in a magazine about someone's rise to fast success, you got to understand that you're probably not hearing the whole story. Sometimes that's by design; either the person or the media wants to position a story in a certain way, and other times, it's just because they don't have enough space to tell the whole story. Let's take your example of hearing about someone who went from zero to six figures very fast; what you may not know is that she had a lot of experience in her field prior to starting her business, like 10,000 hours worth of experience, and maybe she already came with a killer network under her belt, or maybe she's a really seasoned marketer and she decided to pivot into this new business. What you may not be hearing about is all the hard knocks she went through or all the killer habits she developed before this new venture. No matter what the reason, you've got to remember, whether it's short little blurbs or media pieces, chances are you're not hearing the Truth #3 -- Explosive growth can be a recipe for disaster. You got to be careful what you wish for here because if you're not prepared, overnight success can take your company down fast. Think about it; an enormous influx of customers can blow up your website, it can totally stress out your team and it can turn into a customer service nightmare. You can actually destroy your brand if you're not prepared for overnight success. That kind of fast massive growth requires a strong team, a really solid foundation and an ability to scale, and those things take time and experience to develop. When it comes to overnight success, here's the bottom line, and yes, it's a tweetable: "If you want to be an overnight success, you need to be an everyday hustler." Slow and steady wins the race. The only true path to success is making the right choices daily again and again and again and again. That was my A to your Q, Leslie; hope it helps. Now I would love to hear from you. What's your experience with overnight success? Have you been one or do you know anyone who is? Tell me your story. As always the best discussions happen after the episode over a MarieForleo.com, so go there and leave a comment now. Did you like this video? If so, subscribe and share it with your friends. If you want even more great resources to create a business and life that you love, plus some personal insights from me that I only talk about in e-mail, get your buns over to MarieForleo.com and sign up for e-mail updates. Stay on your game and keep going for your dreams because the world needs that special gift that only you have. Thank you so much for watching and I'll catch you next time on MarieTV.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lavendaire [9 likes]: thank you for this - slow and steady wins the race!
  2. @caressaclark1042 [5 likes]: I love the classy, confident, modest, intelligent, and elegant way she carries herself.
  3. @unadoyle [5 likes]: Completely agree! I'm an actress as well as business coach for creatives and it's the same in both businesses... Those who watch/listen to interviews of successful people will know that most of them had a long journey where they learnt their lessons first, BEFORE they 'made it'.

2 Other key things....
1. It's important to realise that nobody ever 'makes it' and then gets to sit on their laurels, there's always more learning and working required to stay up there. You just get a different calibre of problem! LOL
2. As Marie said, things can be disastrous if growth is too fast and becomes unsustainable. That's why when I work with my clients I teach them about having a balance of Value and Leverage to create a sustainable business over the long term...
  4. @EmilyOlson [4 likes]: I NEEDED this today! Thank you! :)
  5. @debdo1960 [3 likes]: I've been working at it for 35 years. I think I finally am getting the hang of it. tons of disasters and wrong turns and still some uphill climbing, but I'm almost there :)
  6. @JenSuperChic [2 likes]: Great video everything you said was spot on!  It takes continued dedication, hard work and perseverance even when things aren't going as hoped for. I want everyone here to know that you can achieve your goals, just never quit and by changing things up along the way, it will happen!  Give it time. My grandmother always told me, "what's worth having is worth waiting for". Now go get it!!
  7. @YourEmpoweredBody [2 likes]: Persistence and patience
  8. @marketingofflineonline2716 [2 likes]: She is right - overnight? - it takes a lot of hard work. You don't get the whole story.
Marie is just so great!
  9. @ilaisetafuna2509 [1 likes]: ur so good
  10. @hoserena5999 [1 likes]: I'm obsessed with ur channel!
  11. @coreytat5821 [1 likes]: I love the video Marie.   You hit all the points and answered the questions of success and what it actually takes
  12. @MinaaBeYT [1 likes]: so glad I watched this. Truth #3 is what I needed to hear. Sometimes overnight success can actually be your downfall if one is not prepared to serve customers at a speedy rate. Thanks for this love your videos!
  13. @shaw590 [1 likes]: If I only knew what my gift was and how I could use it to help other people. I need your prayers :)
  14. @HemisphereRight: Starbucks should provide coffee to you and your employees.
  15. @Luxurd: I’m 8 years late
  16. @sawickabezlukru2966: Thanks Marie, you open my eyes to So many things 😘
  17. @sonumbhardwaj5519: I don't understand how some ppl hit unlike button on her videos, it's so mean
  18. @dupadupa7989: Thank you for uploading this video my friend... I have now been successfully manifesting my desires for the past 6 years using affirmation and meditation. I am now having great manifestation using Ancient brain magnet(just google it). Try it out. Great results to us all. blessings
  19. @christinaschrammArchiv: Thank you for telling just how it is :-)
Loving your clients and your business is the fuel that keeps you going an going and going ...
Neverthelss after having a lot of experience some people just need to hear those "success stories" to motivate them to break through to the next level. So, I guess the "fairytales" serve a good purpose as long as one also keeps in mind what you said all is well.
  20. @HemisphereRight: Amazing!

- Overnight Success Takes Years of Hard Work *Motivational Video*: Kind: captions Language: en-US spend the time have the failures never give up keep pushing as hard as you can and you will get there i promise you there's two different ways to make money you can either trade your time to an employer and they give you a salary or you can use your knowledge and hard work to create something meaningful and give you way better income over the course of your life i've gotten a few messages lately that said wow your channel's growing like crazy it's insane how much of an overnight success you've become to those people that think that all of this just happened to me you guys are so wrong it's not even funny so in this video i'm gonna talk about how to be an overnight success welcome back to the channel everybody my name's artie and this is the moving average the week has come to an end so you guys know what time it is let's get in to focus fridays if you guys are unfamiliar with the show every friday i try to drop some motivation and inspiration on you to help you level up and progress in your life i started this youtube channel four months ago zero subscribers zero viewership right now we're over 68 000 strong and with a grand total of 2.7 million views i can assure you it's not because i'm super attractive and people want to click on my videos because of my face since the first time that i uploaded a video on youtube seven years ago i've been focused on making this my full time thing but like many of you i had no one to look up to none of my friends were doing it the only place that i could learn how to do what i wanted to learn how to do was the internet i had to find other people that did that that i didn't know personally i had to day in and day out search learn and do the thing that i had to focus on was the doing the only way that you get better at something is by doing it consistently day in and day out nobody sits on a bike for the first time and just starts riding it takes a long time it takes training wheels it takes getting on that bike day in and day out even though you can't ride it right now you will be able to eventually this is the thing that i love about small children they have no quit in them you never see a child trying to learn how to walk sit down and say nope i give up it's not possible there is literally no quit in children it's a learned behavior that society teaches you over time adults have it in them where people say no you can't do it or oh it's not possible or don't even waste your time with that those types of people in your life you need to completely get rid of i've had over 30 different jobs in 15 different industries all of those things were life experiences i learned certain skills in every single one of them that makes me the person that i am today and every single time i tried something new something out of the box something where i tried to create my own business whether it was e-commerce whether it was driving ride share whether it was delivering packages whether it was selling coffee at a local farmer's market every single time i attempted one of these things it was my own idea and when i shared that idea with people they told me i was stupid that it was a waste of time and they said if it was that easy everybody would be doing it in each one of those things i found successes and i found failures mostly failures but my drive and my ambition was the thing that kept pushing me forward i had inside of me an unwillingness to quit when i started driving rideshare my own dad was the one that told me if it was that easy everybody would be doing it literally in one ear out the other one i started hustling really really hard at that and i was making between fifteen hundred and two thousand dollars a week not because i got lucky and rides were just thrown at me but because i learned where to go how to drive how to make the most out of every single minute behind the wheel with anything that i do i try to become the best that is why when it came to youtube i learned everything the thumbnails the titles the descriptions search engine optimization how to break out how to get recommended how to be on the browse feature how to be on the home page how to be featured all of these things i had to learn i had no friends that were doing this so how could i ask for advice i spent the time and the hours learning [ __ ] on the internet now how did i stay motivated when i have no mentors i chose mentors specifically on the internet that are huge people like tony robbins people like gary vaynerchuk timothy ferris dean graziosi these people that i look up to to see what they've done in their life to see the consistency get the motivation from them to keep me motivated to do what i'm doing to get better all the time now why am i telling you all of this why am i telling you all of my struggles why am i telling you how many years it took me to get this overnight success i get dms constantly from new traders saying they really want to focus on day trading but they're not profitable yet and they feel like quitting my first question to those people is how long have you been doing it and this is the thing that blows my mind people tell me oh i've been doing this for two months oh i've been doing this for six months you cannot do something new and be excellent at it in two months you need time you need dedication you need a willingness to learn every single day you need to put in hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of hours into practicing into testing back testing forward testing anything that you can do to become better at something it takes time i'm not going to focus specifically on day trading i'm focusing on everything whether you want to be a world-class gymnast play in the nba be an olympic athlete start your own business your own bakery your own clothing line anything that you want to do you have to put in the time you have to put in the work because there is literally no such thing as an overnight success you show me anyone on planet earth that has ever done anything huge having a business being a social media influencer anything they put in hundreds upon hundreds upon hundreds of hours in that thing and they are where they are because of the work that they put in so if you're here watching this video and you want to quit you want to give up you don't think that you can do it i want you to sit back and really reevaluate why are you doing what you're doing why do you want to make money who are you doing it for is it for yourself is it for your family is it for your future generations if you want to live a life at the level where you don't have a boss and you are completely in 100 control of your life you need to put in the time and the effort to get to that you money you need to commit to it and you can't just willy-nilly commit to something you have to commit to it you have to write down every single day i'm gonna work three hours six hours on this thing every single day because if you have the audacity to think that you can make anything meaningful or any passive source of income or your own business without the thousands of hours of work needed to be put into it you are completely wrong figure out what you want make a timeline for you to get it done and understand that if it's anything under five years and you're not willing to commit to that don't waste your time you're not gonna be a profitable trader in two weeks you're not gonna set up your own clothing brand and go viral on instagram you need to put in the work every single day for the rest of your life and eventually you will be an overnight success if you're struggling with the mindset and you're stuck in the mentality of it can't be done or maybe i'm not good enough what i want you to do is go to all of the links down below there's some motivational videos on there and i want you to read some of the books that i have listed down there follow people like tony robbins follow people like gary vaynerchuk watch their videos and get the motivation from them if you don't have the mentors around you through your friends your family your loved ones that's okay i didn't have any of that nobody gave me the path to success i had to figure it out on my own and through the course of that time i found these specific mentors that helped push me that helped motivate me and that's what i want to do for you guys i want to give you the resources that i learned over time which ones were beneficial to me and i'm here to tell you that yes you can do it if it was that easy everybody would do it is the stupidest thing i've ever heard in my life i'm here to tell you that you watching this video you you can do it anything that you set your mind to and you commit the hours and effort and everything that is involved to making a success with whatever endeavor you have you can do it i believe that you can do it i'm certain that you will be able to get the thing that you want you simply have to put in the work spend have the failures never give up keep pushing as hard as you can and you will get there i promise you it might be next year it might be in five years it might be in 26 years but if you never try you won't know you have to keep doing it and never ever give up so the only thing you need to ask yourself is are you willing to commit i really hope this video hit home with some of you guys i know a lot of you are just going to pass it by and not take any action but i know there's going to be about three or four of you that really commit to your future and i'm super proud of you guys because this video just changed your mindset so if you guys want a more detailed version of my story and why i do what i do check out this video right here and if you got some value out of this video and you want to see more focused friday videos make sure you're subscribed to the channel by clicking this button right here thanks so much for watching have an amazing weekend and we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheMovingAverage [6 likes]: ATTENTION EVERYONE
PLEASE WATCH THIS
Top 10 Trading Mistakes!!
https://youtu.be/gcMKdkCdwdY
  2. @EntinAmahh29 [1 likes]: 😢😢😢i want to quit already…am almost nothing and broke because of trading but at the back of my mind this is what i want… 🙏😭
  3. @joannajrx [1 likes]: You’re so refreshing such a REALIST 💯
  4. @Neil167 [1 likes]: Well said arti
  5. @benjamindelarama6237 [1 likes]: NEVER GIVE UP
  6. @PROFCAMINHAO [1 likes]: Wow this video was a breath of fresh air. Day trading is teaching me much about myself and how I have to learn to control my emotions and fears and trust my judgement. Thank you Artie for this masterpiece. Funny that people won’t go all in even if the information is FREE. The choice is truly yours but you must choose what you want🙏👍
  7. @EchoEdits-wq3gp [1 likes]: Thanks man, time to get started.
  8. @RTIIadventures [1 likes]: Damn how do I say I became  a profitable trade after a 10 year hiatus  in 2 weeks 😅
  9. @okwuchukwuumejiaku9822 [1 likes]: Honestly your method of teaching really INSPIRE ME. I can only say thank you.
  10. @AkashSingh-tu7tg [1 likes]: great work
  11. @ernestoruesta9446 [1 likes]: Great video thank you for it,  hey Ari where is your Lambo 😅🤣
  12. @HussainTheEntrepreneur [1 likes]: we have you buddy. ❤
  13. @wadsonjeannoel6513 [1 likes]: Thank you so much my brother for that motivations❤❤❤. I'm gonna do it❤❤❤❤
  14. @Shady_ltd_85: Thank you for this great motivation video, i have lost more then 10.000 dollar on trading, i have read and learn so much, always when i have stress on my life for some reason i lost all my money, i have heavy Adhd so when i really like sonthing i am much smarter and can be obsesded with sonthing, 3 weeks ago i started with new medicine, and this make my brain more relax, and this last weekend i start to look what do i see why this trade go up or go down, and after all this years i can say with proud i belong with this 5% from the people that will earn and life from trading,  because i findly see it after all this years from learning, all this hard work findly pay off, the hole day i look to the charts to see if my strategie work, and it work good i know wich way the cart will move for the next 15 min,  and  i only use 2 indicators its so crazy, all the other things that i have learn with hh hl lower high it all felt on his place and i am so proud of myself, because i know it take so much effort and so much hard work to come at the point, that you look to the chart and you know what will happens, now i can laugh at people that say crypto and everything its gambling , its no gambling , i feel so happy and so proud off myself because i did so much effort and now i have the key and everything felt on his place.
  15. @activemedia3359: ...are you willing to commit...? Thank you!
  16. @EseJames-b7x: Thank you
  17. @brenallaround1986: I`ve suddenly woken up and started to learn something new again; crypto. It is fascinating and I hope to learn loads from now on. I started investing from Nov 2024 and will continue and reach my monetary goals. People like you are an inspiration. 

Focus Friday is a great idea. This was my first. 

As a note, I had already decided to commit a few weeks ago and have since started studying and applying what I know so far. 

I was a soccer player in my younger years and know about hard work and commitment. I lost a lot of that drive to learn and dream long ago but the touch paper has been lit once again. 

Thank you.
  18. @Jamesfreedomxrp: 12 to 15 hours 5 ,6 days a week for the last 3 years iv been  leanring trading and investing . im actualy making successful trades a day now 👌👌
  19. @jasoncanada3746: Thank you.
  20. @chikwanchung3435: Big thank you Arty! Thank you for your sharing and encouragment ! I am going to commit to my goal! Love U!

- Overnight Success: Gary Vaynerchuk: Kind: captions Language: en - So at 30, I started Wine Library TV, YouTube blows up. At 31 I'm on Conan O'Brien, Ellen, there's articles being written about me, now they're writing that the business grew from three to 60 million dollars in sales, I'm becoming this guy. I got so many goddamn emails from friends in high school, during that period when I was showing up in all these magazines and TV shows, and every single one of them, was like "Hey Gary, you remember me from high school? "Oh my God, you're so lucky." I wrote back every single one of them, and said, "Let me just clarify one thing, I'm not lucky, "I worked. I worked every goddamn weekend and every holiday, "since I was 14 years old, "so you can keep that luck shit in your pocket." ("Inertia" by Irregular Expression) Every day, every day that I live my life, I get five to 27 emails from people that are telling me that they are quitting, or they should quit, or, or are really coming to me as a last resort to convince them not to quit I think a lot of times, or, or maybe give them confirmation that they should quit. You know, "Hey Gary, this is Sally, "I've been doing my blog now for nine months "and I'm not getting the results that I like to see "or that I was promised" or that, you innuendo. "Should I give up, like, you know, should I, "is my content not good enough, "am I, is my voice not good enough?" And I think about it, every time, every time I see these emails, every time people ask me at conferences I think about it, I think about how sad I am that I wasn't documenting my life, or putting out content, or doing The #AskGaryVee Show, during those five and a half years of Wine Library TV, especially those 18 months when nobody was watching. You know the story that's never told, is the story that I was building Wine Library to a huge company long before Wine Library TV, and that the first month that I did Wine Library TV, was the first time that Wine Library had not grown 30% over the prior year's revenue. So not only did I have the patience to let it play itself out and win, it was a scenario where I was actually losing money by being patient. Many of the people that are going to watch this video are not achieving what they want, and are lacking the patience, and think everything happens overnight, and that is coming at the cost of an unhappy life, or no loss financially, just loss in time. Just coming at the expense of Angry Birds, or House of Cards marathons, or the bowling team, or hanging out with friends and having a beer, or reading a magazine, or whatever the hell gets you off and excited as a hobby. It's coming at that expense, it's not coming at the expense of actual money, or something, or pain, or, you know, it's coming at the expense of a luxury. And so to me, the insanity, really, and that's what I'm gonna, you know, the disproportional misunderstanding that there's not a person that you can name, not one, there is zero people that you can name, that had it happen overnight. Even the nine year-old Stevie Wonder and six year-old Michael Jackson, there were years of work put in prior by their parents, by their uncles. Even with the greatest talents, even with LeBron, he seemed like so young when he hit the scene. Guess what, he wasn't, he'd already been playing basketball for 15 goddamn years. Even though you all say to me like, wow, you did it, I didn't do it, I did it when I was 14 years old, and 15 years old, and 16 years old, and 17 years old, and 18 years old, and 19 years old, and 20 years old, and 21 years old, and 22 years old, which are all the years that every single weekend, while my friends went to the Jersey shore and hooked up with girls, while my friends went fishing, while my friends hung out and threw round the football, and lived the leisure life, every weekend, every single weekend, let me just say it one more time, every weekend, every day, from the day I got out of school to the day I went back into school, every vacation day, all of them, not a good amount of them, every day, from 7am to back then 8pm, every day, I was learning the wine business. I was honing my craft to be a good salesman. I was figuring out how to be an operator. I watched how my dad interacted with his employees, what I liked about it, what I didn't. I watched my cousin Bobby interact with the employees, I took what I liked from it, what I didn't. I was 30 years old before any of you ever saw me. Go show me the videos on YouTube right now, that have me under 30. They don't exist. I was putting in the work, for half my life, from 15 to 30, where I built an actual business. I put in actual work, and so if you want to tell me that every goddamn moment of my life between 15 and 30 is an overnight success, then knock yourself out, but that is complete bullshit, and every one of you know it. And so when you email me, that you've started this thing, that you have the audacity to want it to be the rest of your life. The audacity, really, the entitlement, that you think that you should be able to do something that you love so much, for the rest of your life, that makes you enough money, to be able to do it for the rest of your life, that you're giving up after four months? That you're giving up after two years? As a matter of fact, every single person watching this video should be trying for that moment for the rest of their life, period. You might hit pay dirt at 80, and cool, then you can really do exactly what you love from 80 to 100. My friends, it is a gift, is a gift, to wake up in the morning, and be able to do what you want, for the rest of your life. The way you do that, is by becoming a quote unquote, "overnight success". You know, the excuse that everybody uses to deploy against somebody who's actually put in work, for the last decade, and got themselves into a position where they can do something pretty rad, that we all think is cool, and we all wish we could do. You know, that thing, the thing that you say to yourself to make yourself feel better, about when you're laying in bed and playing a goddamn game on your phone, instead of putting in the work to achieve what you want. Nothing in life is free, nothing happens overnight, it all takes tons and tons of work, and tons and tons of talent, and tons and tons of serendipity, but my friends, luck, serendipity, there's a forced culture within that. You know, you'll just sit in your room, hoping and then something lucky happens, nobody just knocks on your house's door and says "Congratulations, you've been awarded this". Luck comes from being in the right spot. I've been really lucky, because I fucking bleed out of my eyes every day of my life and work my face off. You're really lucky when you're at that 11:30pm meeting, where the lucky thing happens, pretty cool, since all you were fucking sleeping. I was pretty lucky, weird, that I scheduled that meeting 'cause I did a ton of things for 30 years, that allowed me to even have that meeting in the first place, that gave me the leverage to have that lucky thing that happened. There's no overnight successes, period, they don't exist. Show me, leave a comment in YouTube, leave the name, explain to me, tell me, show me, let me know, show me the overnight success, because I'll show you you, justifying in your brain, something that is just not true, period.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wisacq [4 likes]: It's incredible how all the top comments on this video have more than 1 million subscribers. Students of Gary hit it big!
  2. @AustinShowtime [3 likes]: gotta come back to this one every once in awhile
  3. @LunarPriestessYT [1 likes]: I'm just so tired.
  4. @gusappsco [1 likes]: Revisiting this now after 5 years of grinding. We've come a long way and still have a long way to go!

I'm 25 at the writing of this message, will check back again at 30. 🫶
  5. @SherMusician [1 likes]: I;ve had my famous music career thwarted by every man I have ever met. I've learned 3 instruments. Been to hell and back and was just abandoned after 18 years he became nuts and a gamer did drugs and vanished over night left me penniless. NO ONE in the music biz works as endless now I'm studying Dh and programming. I have  been tortured and I dont care. I'm doing it til I fkn Croak. Love this video you are the only other person that gets it too. Google shut down 50 million views and all medio blocked me cause I used my fame at the time to save lives and expose hoaxes. I"m the most blocked woman on the web Long before Alex Jones...but I keep on trucking
  6. @alphonsoraph31 [1 likes]: One of my fave videos
  7. @InkEgg99-u1b: Amazing video! THANK YOU Gary! Now I fell like I'm doing something and it's not a waste of time!
  8. @gabrielcantarelli6893: Im still here after 8 years! The best one!
  9. @ritvikathakur4640: Nothing comes overnight.ill definitely work hard in 2025 and will achieve my goals... Iam gonna do this.... I'm gonnaa work hard ....
  10. @undagroundset: Hawk girl
  11. @kwnortherner: still one of the best Gary Vee videos of all time
  12. @gerasmus: Wish i saw this 25 year ago.
Commenting 19/10/2024
  13. @MrHaydnSir: one day ✌️
  14. @ajoymajumder9921: Hi Gary/ Thank you very much for proving that there is nothing in the world called over night success. success need time patience, sweat and determination and hard work long hours everyday. Recently I hear a quote 80  hours work week. I believe you unveil the real truth of success. Once again thank you a lot. Ajoy/ Montreal/ Canada
  15. @binksandrew: Thank you!
  16. @chuckebbs7541: thanks
  17. @justinfleagle: Thanks Gary. I've been going at it since 17 and just turned 21. Still motivated as ever, but today after watching I walk with a kick in my step. Thanks.
  18. @joelbarrameda_vo: Watching from present 2022.
  19. @moe-nl9sf: You think you're the only one who has worked hard?? You're lucky that you made it - hard work is hardly ever enough to become successful. There is much more to it.
  20. @JideLambo: My luck came from working since I was 14. I worked in my parent’s school as a cleaner, computer room man, then later as a Math and sciences teacher . I worked restaurant jobs, tutored friends, and sold fairly used phones in Uni. I learned web design through old time  tutorials, and building crappy websites; all while sleeping on my friend’s couch. Now, I can say I’m an overnight success as a senior product designer.

- Success won't come at overnight - Motivational video: Kind: captions Language: en T [music] N [applause] TA

  Top Comments:
  1. @divyakalimuthu8334 [5 likes]: success is doing
ordinary things 
extraordinarily well
  2. @rosyrose7078 [2 likes]: Your videos are always ❤❤❤❤❤ AMAZING. 
You deserve more viewers and subscribers
  3. @aimennadeem661 [2 likes]: nice video

- Become an overnight success: Kind: captions Language: en One day you'll become an overnight success. [music] People throw around this term all the time, overnight success. But what does that actually mean? Well, it's not a thing. Because there's always those times when you get slammed [music] on your face when no one is watching and it's your job to get straight back up and act like nothing happened. You're going to have those times where you're banging [music] your head against a wall and you don't really know if it's going to work. There will be those times where [music] it doesn't work time and time again. Don't worry, I've experienced it. There will be those [music] times where you question your self-worth. There will be those times where you question the path that you're on. All of those things [music] add up to an overnight success. Those times where you feel like you're about to be a win and then you don't win. [music] That's all part of the overnight success. That part of the iceberg that is below the water is far bigger than the thing that everyone can actually [music] see. But just know that you're on the right path. You're doing the right thing. and your future self will look back and be so proud of you for going through all of this [music] because you could have done something that is so much easier and you chose to take the harder path. [music] Be proud of yourself and your future self will thank you. >> I see too many kids get so discouraged [music] because they're expecting to make this quantum leap. And when that quantum leap doesn't come, it feels like it'll never come, right? But that's not how it works. It's step by step, one foot in front of [music] the other day by day. Get better every single day. And then when you look back, then you look down and you realize the mountain that you just scaled. You can't jump from the bottom of Everest and get to the top [music] of Everest like that. Don't happen. >> I always say you're 17 and 1/2 years from being overnight success in a real business. You can't just plant a seed and it grows to a tremendous amount the day you plant it. So many people, especially young people, think that's it. I'm overnight success. [music] Big projects 10 years, 5 years, 2 and 1/2 years. cuz I always say you're 17 and 1/2 years from being [music] overnight success in a real business. That's what it takes. Some can beat it, some can't, but that's what it takes to seed and fertilize [music] it so that it harvests, right? It it's there and then it can continually grow and grow and grow as well. So, it's important to know how many seeds, what seeds, how we're doing that, but it's also how we nurturing our seeds [music] in ourselves and in other people. >> You think life is unfair? Good. Make it unfair in your favor. Outwork everyone. [music] Outlast everyone. While they sleep, you grind. While they complain, you execute. Hard work [music] is unfair advantage you can control. Nobody can stop you from working harder. Success is rigged, but it's rigged for the discipline. [music] A guy works 80 hours a week and you work 40 hours a week, you can't compete with that guy. If you yourself are reading 2, three, four books [music] a month and you're developing your mind and your competitor is not and then outlast. Some people work 80 [music] hours a week for a year and that's great, but they can't work 80 hours a week for 3 years. But you work 80 hours a week for five years. You outlasted the guy that did three years or one year. They can't compete with you because the compounding [music] effort favors you. Develop a workaholic mentality. What does this mean? It means that you start a little earlier, you work a [music] little harder, and you stay a little later. In our society today, you all these people talking about [music] take it easy, have balance in your life, relax, lean back, have fun at work, happy, get along with your [music] co-workers. This is loser talk. Loser. Loser. Loser. Now, there's a time in your life when you can back off. All right? You can take it easy. But that's when you've made it, not before you've made it. Because before you've made it, you're in a competition with hundreds of thousands of millions of other people like at the Olympics [music] who also want to make it. And in order for you to win, you are going to have to work harder and work better and work smarter than they do. If they tell you you can't do it, then you have to. You outwork, outperform, out grind everybody else. So much so they have no choice but to swallow their pride and shut the up. >> Takes [music] 10 years to become an overnight success. One of my favorite sayings when we talk about any of the best athletes on the planet [music] and you ask him how long did it take you to get there and there's one person with a better quote than that and it's [music] took 17 years and 114 days to become an overnight success. Person who said that is Lionel Messi far more successful than anyone. [music] It takes time. So, when people come to me and they ask, you know, how how strong can I get in [music] this 12-month program or whatever, it's like, I don't care. Not strong enough is the answer. You know, [music] they come to me and they send me videos as a 16-year-old. I can bench press this. Is that good for a 16-year-old? I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No, it's not good. I'm not comparing you to other 16-year-olds. I'm comparing you to what's actually good. [music] That's what I'm comparing you to. And I've seen so many 16-year-olds come and go and they give up [music] because, you know, they want it now and they think that that's how life happens. And it just doesn't. I don't care where you are now. Give me that [music] effort and intensity and consistency for a decade. And watch where you become. How old are you? [music] >> Okay, I'm looking straight at you. For good reason. Because I'll tell you now, you want to know the secrets to success? [music] Effort plus consistency times 10 years. Go and speak to the most successful person that you know. Think of that [music] person in your head and go and speak to them and ask them their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] secret words. Repetition will come up. Just do the same thing over and over and over and over and don't stop. People even say something that I disagree with now, [music] which is just show up. Just show up. No, no, that's the consistency. Okay, we [music] need the effort part. We need the effort part. Don't just show up and give me a halfass effort. But [music] what's it going to take to apply that formula? Effort plus consistency times 10 years. One of the [music] things that it takes is you better like what you do. If you don't like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [music] you're not going to apply the effort and you're definitely not going to seek it out for 10 years. Okay, which is where people say, you know, things that are cliche like follow your [music] passion. Like, okay, but why follow your passion? Because that's when you're going to apply effort and you're going to turn up for 10 years consistently [music] cuz if you don't, you're not going to get good. Okay, another quote for you. Slowly is [music] the fastest way to get to where you want to be. I had a uh I had a kill list and so [music] you know they used to do these rankings. It was street and smith basketball rankings and I was nowhere to be found cuz [music] I was like 6'4 scrawny like 160 lb soaking and wet. So I was like 57 on the list and so I would look [music] at 56 55 all the way up to number one who these players are what club teams they played for. So when we go on the AAOU travel [music] circuit, I I got to hunt them down, right? And so that became my mission in high school is to check off every other person, all those 56 other names, hunt them down, and knock them down. Ignore and outperform them. You keep gossiping [music] and I'll keep working. You keep talking smack and I'll keep [music] working. You keep focusing on everything and everyone else and I keep working and you will lose and I will win. Not many people are going to wait through the 13 years of like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Most people opt out at year two, maybe three, no money, whatever. I need to figure something else out. Year six, this man stupid. [music] What am I doing? Why am I doing it? Right? I'm going to go find the quick avenue [music] or the quick return. >> The bar for excellence has never been so low. Most of your competition [music] quits after the first sign of difficulty because they've never known what hard feels like. If it's hard for you, it's hard for [music] everyone. And most people avoid hard things. Which is why you can beat most people by just trying. But whenever I get to a low point where I think, why do I even bother? I just remind myself this is where most people [music] stop and this is why they don't win. And this relates to another one which is a reminder for the gladiators in the arena who feel [music] beat up and scarred with no hope in sight. Building a business is hard. Hard feels shitty. This is what [music] hard feels like and this is why most people can't do it. But you can. The key to success was to set a goal and then to stay with it until you achieve success in at least one [music] important thing. Your subconscious mind will then accept that success experience and store it as a pattern [music] like a template. And then your from then on your subconscious will drive you and direct you [music] and guide you to repeat the pattern of success in other things that you attempt. Another way of saying it is that nothing succeeds like success. Psychologists have demonstrated that achievement brings you a natural high once you've experienced your first great success. [music] And not only are you unconsciously programmed to repeat it, but nothing else [clears throat] will ever give you the same [music] wonderful sense of satisfaction. >> The interesting thing is it's happened so fast. Like the people that knew me, it's almost like this overnight success because they knew me 5 years ago and it's like I was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joke and [music] now they see this version of me on social media and in business and portraying myself as you know this expert and it's not because of [music] years and years and years of experience. It's just because that in this very short condensed period of time, I've taken the things [music] that people do to build a successful life and I crunched all that time down and I've been working my ass off and reading a ridiculous amount of books [music] and spending a ridiculous amount of time with highlevel people and mentor groups and and masterminds and I I accomplished a lot in a short period [music] of time because I I just condense time. They say don't something like it takes years to to become an overnight success. I'm a massive believer in like just outlasting people. I've been going since [music] I was 8 years old and the stuff that I've gone through in that time. Just being consistent and outlasting people a lot of the time overtakes anything else. And a lot of it is down to my dad [music] as well. It's been like Tom, I think you really need to think about this because you've been spending your whole life doing it. [music] Like don't quit now. I think a lot of other dads would have just been like, yeah, you've done enough now. You try your best. Just leave it at that. Whereas [music] it's always been, you know, my dad's always believed in me. If you're around them every day and you tell them you're doing a tenth of what they're doing, they're going to be like, "What are you doing? You got to step it up. Here, look, do this. [music] Do this. Do this. You got to step it up, man. I'm not going to keep hanging out with you if you're not doing these type of numbers. You got to be a winner if you're around me." That's the type of pressure and focus that other people have and it puts it on you to where I got to make it happen. So, you were originally okay with taking a lot longer time to be successful. You get around people who are 10 times better. Suddenly, you're like, I got to make this happen now. That's how you [music] start fasttracking your success. A formula I followed years ago is proven for me. This may upset you, but it works for those [music] who want to accelerate their speed of learning, mastery, and competing with the big boys in [music] the industry. It's essentially the great equalizer of going up against people that have a lot more experience than you [music] do. You ready? Outwork, out improve, outstrategize, and outlast. If you can outwork, out improve, outstrategize, outlast, [music] it's going to be very, very hard to compete against you. >> If you want to hack to be more successful than other people, what you need to do is [music] just decrease your time to action. I'm always telling my team one thing. It's very normalized [music] for us to say, "Hey, let's talk about that next week on our meeting." We've normalized seven business [music] days. Why? No reason at all. And so, if instead of saying, "Let's circle back on something in one week," you normalize. When we circle back, we do it in 24 hours. everyone else out there is responding to things in 7 days. We respond to them in 24 hours. That means without me being smarter, [music] having more money, or having a better business model, I can get 7x the amount of things done as my competitors cuz I don't allow [music] a week. I push for 24 hours. >> Sometimes you don't need to move as fast as you want to. You're not moving at a slow pace [music] because you're failing or because you're struggling or because you're not meant to have it. You're just moving at [music] the pace of peace. Sometimes if what you ask for comes to you too fast and you don't have the [music] skill set to maintain it. You don't know what to do if you actually got a hold of it. You might squander it. You might [music] ruin it. You might go back to the way you were. Sometimes God will place challenges and obstacles in your way that will help you become the person you need [music] to be in order to control, maintain, and sustain the gift that he's about to give you. And to be able to have the patience, the confidence, the faith, and belief every single day as if today is the day you're going to get it. That's the difference between [music] the people that wind up quitting and the people that wind up succeeding. I remember about 7 months ago, I was sleeping on a futon. And if I had given up on my business being successful on making it pop [music] on social media, I don't know where I would be right now. I'd probably be selling cars somewhere or [music] selling someone else's offer on online from online coaching instead of building a business that I could be proud of, building a business that I know how to maintain, helping clients that I know how to serve. All of the skills that I've learned over this [music] time are what helped me maintain the business that I have now. And there is no other point in my life where I didn't want to be able to have this stuff. >> But there also was no other point in my life where I would have been able to maintain it. So sometimes [music] you're not moving too slow. You're moving at the pace of peace. >> This is the number one hack I used in the beginning [music] of my journey to become successful in a very short time frame. What I did is I went straight [music] into monk mode. Monk mode is a principle of removing everything from your life which isn't [music] aligned with where you want to be. So if you are broke, you want to make money for yourself. What doesn't belong there? Going out doesn't belong there. Watching TV doesn't belong there. Scrolling on your phone [music] all day doesn't belong there. Get rid of all of it. That's what I did. I didn't speak to my friends for months, but I didn't care. I had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mission which was way more important [music] than doing all these standard ass things which I didn't even like to begin with. Man, you have to [music] pay a price if you want to achieve the things most people don't have. [music] You have to do the things most people don't do. Of course, you can do all these things later in life if you [music] have succeeded. But at the beginning of your journey, get rid of all of it. >> When you stack enough wins, you start to build some confidence. When I stacked enough wins, which also came [music] with a significant amount of losses, I quickly realized I've never been the smartest person. I've [music] never been someone at the highest athletic ability. I never really stood out when I was younger. I was very average. So, I expected average in my life. Being [music] smarter, that's not my competitive advantage. And that's not necessarily the competitive advantage of a lot of high achievers and [music] successful people. It's just being extremely consistent and just ruthless work ethic and [music] just going allin on a vision. We were holding an event here at BPN HQ. This younger gentleman [music] walked up to me and said, "One day, I wish I could have something like this." I said, "You can. There is nothing that separates me from you." I just had this goal 10 [music] years ago, and I haven't stopped working towards that goal since. If it was easy, everybody would do it. >> Y >> So [music] the longer something takes is almost inversely related mathematically to [music] the success that you're going to have. So if you consistently keep putting in the journey, which I believe the enjoyment of the consistent persistent [music] pursuit of your potential, which will allow you to take the longer journey, right? The the bigger lessons >> and the bigger [music] lessons, guess what? They're resultoriented. You get the bigger results. You don't need to be disciplined to be successful. You need to be able to change your environment to make it easier to win. And so [music] one of my favorite quotes around this is make it as easy as possible to work as hard as you can. If you want to get into [music] fitness, don't pick a gym that's really far away with trainers that you hate. Pick one that's right downstairs with people that [music] you like. Same goal, way easier. The more convenient you make it to hit your goals, the more likely you are to hit them. And so, it's not about willpower. It's about planning. To get anywhere [music] in life, you have to work extremely hard and you have to be disciplined. If you wanted [music] to be a great piano player, there's no drug you can take. There's no self-help book. There's no guru. You got to spend 5 years, 10 years learning [music] it until it becomes something that's second nature. There are no shortcuts. But if you learn that [music] from an early age, you see after a few years that an incredible pleasure happens [music] where now you have mastery of this piano and you can play things you could never play before. Suddenly the whole thing opens up this whole [music] new universe. And that's the paradigm for everything meaningful in life. If you learn something well, [music] if you learn a craft and you master it, it can bring you a far greater pleasure than any kind of drug or any kind of [music] going out to a party or socializing. But you have to be patient and you have to not be afraid of boredom. [music] You have to not be afraid of the effort. >> If you are broke and you take the weekends off, it will never ever ever [music] change. Weekends are a luxury for once security is established. Let's just do [music] the math here. You have 7 days a week, but let's say you only execute five of those days. That [music] means you're only executing 70% of the time. That means 30% of the time [music] you're not executing. Okay? So, do you think that you are that good to where you [music] could beat someone who's equally as good as you by getting them an extra 3.6 [music] months a year? It's impossible. It's mathematically impossible. If the goal is to work as hard as you possibly [music] can, then the only real output we have is who we become along the way. >> Put your head down is is work harder. [music] That's the answer to all the problems. Work harder. You know what I'm saying? If you feel like things aren't going your way, if you feel like, [music] you know, you're not executing to the best of your ability, work harder. >> You have to go a long time and maintain that blessing. And it's up to you if you want to work hard or not or get [music] or get comfortable. >> Luck does not exist. It's merely a game of probabilities. You work hard, you work more, you work longer, and eventually you can increase your odds. >> Remember this, a year isn't 365 days. [music] It's 52 chances, 12 chapters, and four seasons. Your life can change this year. Not because the year is magical, but because you are capable. You don't need a perfect plan. You don't need [music] certainty. You don't need confidence. You need momentum. You need one decision. You need one step. And you need to remember this. One year of intention can undo 10 years of drifting. So choose one thing today. One habit, one relationship, one skill, one decision, one fear, [music] one act of service and just start. There's a difference [music] between a guy that's chasing something and a guy that's building something. A guy that's chasing something, hunts after validation, hunts after a reward, [music] hunts after a win, hunts after a lifestyle. He measures his success by [music] what he gets at the end. A guy that's building something hunts after the process. He [music] measures success by the strength of his foundation. People think these two are the same guys. Two completely different dynamics. The guy that's building something is falling in love with the person he's becoming. A [music] guy that's building something doesn't care about the progress on the way there. He doesn't care about the money he makes on the way there cuz he's hunting after something different. He's not chasing anything [music] but himself. The guy that's chasing something eventually stops. After he gets what he's [music] chasing, he stops. And that's exactly some of y'all's problem. You're chasing a number on the scale. You're chasing a number in your bank account. [music] You're not chasing the process. You have it all wrong up here, bro. I do what I'm supposed to do. I show up. I work hard. Bro, that's the minimum. Working hard is the minimum. [music] You've also have to develop skills. You also have to develop grit and perseverance to execute when you don't feel like it. Because guess what? Most [music] of the time you're not going to feel like it. And you're certainly not going to get where you want to go thinking that you're winning every day by showing up and working hard. That's not enough. And the price [music] you're going to pay for not doing it is going to be much worse than the discomfort that you're going to pay now by [music] doing it. >> Hey there. Hey there. How you doing? >> I'm back. God, I'm back. All of THIS [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] IS ALL CONFIRMED AND [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Got me back.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FletcherTradingCo. [10 likes]: what is happening at 12:34? haha scared the crap out of me when she started singing great video tho!
  2. @yuhoutta6431 [7 likes]: Been rocking with you sense I was in a bad relationship living in a city away from my family ! 
Now I’m living with my bros from school & it’s more difficult(no car & high rent) but environment is everything !
Thank you for the encouragement 🙏🏽
  3. @FrxAyush [3 likes]: Why did u do THE PIVOT YEAR VDO Private????
  4. @HlelekileNkosi [1 likes]: For you page 😮😮😮😮
  5. @flexwilliams369 [1 likes]: ❤
  6. @Amarachi-l2q [1 likes]: 👌 🎯
  7. @SackUpAndGo [1 likes]: The best. Appreciate you, sir. Keep em coming
  8. @davols_sa: Thank you Landon

- I Tested Viral Tik Tok Recipes: Kind: captions Language: en scrolling Tik Tok can sometimes feel like an empty Void video after video endless scrolling your brains turned off then you see a Ramen lasagna come on food is being bastardized minimizing those who have dedicated their lives to a craft The Passion of an entire industry in exchange for virality sure there's convenience and content to feed your fried dopamine receptors but has the need for convenience and pure visual excess replaced the number one reason that cooking even EX exists cooking isn't always about the time that it takes the flavor that you're creating it's about the culture and the collective experience that you have with the people you care about even if that person is just you I want to understand this nonsense we're not just taste testing a bunch of bull today we are making the most viral Tik Tok recipes that exist to see if they're just peer viiew grabs or if they're actually worth something starting with this we've all seen the pink sauce if you haven't here's how it's made Mayo Ranch powder Cayenne salt honey dragon fruit powder why white distilled vinegar water this strange sauce down that'll really help it I think I'm being factious by the way I do not think it will help it at all let's taste this is not Pepto-Bismol this is pink sauce please understand everything will be rated on a tier list scale s tier being the highest F tier being uh well NF not good oh my God that's it that is abysmal it's a sweet Miracle Whip it's just got this like vinegary just unnatural scent to it but on the tail end there is a nice little garlicky flavor that is if you don't throw up vicam I need you to come and try this oh that's crazy that legitimately smells like paint I think if you took a shot of vinegar it would be better so that gets a solid F tier not the best start but let's be honest this thing didn't have a chance on to our next contestant oh uh and one important note hello uh this is I guess the new cabinet my new cookbook is out and if you didn't get a copy now's a good time the Link's in the description love you so much stay hard Smash Burger Taco you know you could just just eat a burger why do we have to go this way huh all right whatever first burger sauce small bowl Mayo ketchup mustard seasoned with salt and pepper to taste you have it a whisk till combined and that is your sauce get a hot griddle to that you're going to add a 2 to 3 oz 75% lean ball of ground beef season with salt to taste cover with a raw ass corn tortilla press using a burger press until as thin as possible sear for 1 to 2 minutes scrape underneath flip season with salt to taste add a slice of American cheese okay cheeseburger should have American cheese at least now once the cheese is melted it is done so place it onto a board add your sauce some shredd that's a shredded lettuce thenly slice white onion DIC pickle and now we taste I kind of like it I like it what I wanted was a burger and I still get a burger I just don't get buns so I think maybe from the aspect of like is this a lower calorie option lower carb option and you want a burger there you go I think for me I'd give it a b would I rather have a burger yes but is this bad no if I'm looking at visuals taste texture overall experience visuals ugly I never want to see an open face Burger again there's nothing more beautiful than two Supple glossy buns and a cheesy melty beefy inside that's an iconic image and this is bastardizing that that said taste and texture it's pretty good but the lack thereof a bun completely changes this experience it is not a burger it's a fatty Taco that tastes like a burger cuz those ingredients are in there so ultimately I think I'll give it a solid strong B+ so a b it's good would I make it again maybe but I wouldn't tell anyone about it hot chocolate bombs this one was a big one for y'all but is it really worth the effort you going to buelt some chocolate over a double boiler spoon that into a sphere mold who has that do you have that probably not I had to buy these for this spread around to fill the mold putli the molds upside down to drain the excess chocolate and let that set at room temp yeah that takes about 45 minutes by the way take your half spheres out of the mold fill with hot cocoa powder a couple marshmallows then use a hot knife to even out the edges then quickly set another unfilled half sphere on top of that to glue the edges together when they're finished they look like this so there you go I guess you just put this in hot milk wa this is pretty cool hey yo it's kind of like a clam am opening up I'm not having fun all right I'm not smiling this is bringing me joy oh that's good pretty good it would be good if you didn't have this in the hot chocolate bomb this is purely for the theatrics of having the hot chocolate bomb melt and it's like oh my God I think it's worth it I think it's cute if you have kids that could be cool I don't have kids I recently got forced to get a cat cat's probably going to piss in this I was going to say if I was six I'd enjoy this but honestly I enjoy it now if this was made for me this would be awesome I don't think I would you know get the whole mold and make the chocolate and do all that I'd just either go buy some hot chocolate or just make a mix I'm going to give it a be it's really enjoyable this is all I have to say you can make great hot chocolate A Million Ways if you are willing to put in the time and effort to do all that work purely for the theatrics of having a ball pop in there go right ahead it tastes great but I do think it's fun and if I got this I would be excited about it so I'll give it a b not bad Ramen lasagna this looks like it was spawned from a deep REM nightmare so in a 9-in square baking dish for start with a nice layer of Night Terrors or the half of an instant ramen noodle Square spoonful of ricotta on top at this point I was really questioning why we were doing this a little bit of marinara sauce mozzarella fresh grated parmesano the other half of your instant ramen noodle Mor ricotta marinara mozzarella and Parn pop them into oven at 375 F or 190 C for 30 to 40 minutes pull it out and it looks like this isn't that nice and horrific amazing I can't wait to have a panic attack later cut it out pop it on a plate Gish with a bter chop parsley olive oil flaky salt fresh cracked black pepper and now we taste it's tomato sauce and cheese it's going to taste okay there's no benefit to doing this though it tastes the same as a lasagna quotation marks but you're turning the dial down on the actual experience of it cuz it's like a cheap Ram noodle that's like half cooked like yes it's soft in the center but the outside's got dried noodle I'd be very angry even if someone gave this to me even in those days in college when I really needed something this is not something I would make not something I make now not something I make then the texture is pretty awful it's just kind of all over the place there's no benefit to this at all nowadays they make lasagna sheets that you can just put directly in the oven you don't have to boil to me this is an F tier just because it's completely useless last thing I'll say for you to consider you got family coming over to the house ask yourself would you feel confident and comfortable serving them this cuz if the answer is no that means you have shame for it think about that yeah that's an F that's an F tier healthy coke boy did this one piss me off I don't even like Coke and this is definitively wrong but you know what we're here to try things okay we do this for you so to a cup add ice balsamic vinegar yeah I know trust me I was thinking the same thing seltzer water and give it a light stir oh my God it looks just like Coke wow yeah no you could put soy sauce in Selzer water and look the same who came up with this some people say it tastes like Coke I guess we'll find out this is dumb I'm not excited for this hell half frozen over it this even tastes remotely like Coke it's not bad I'm pretty shocked I was going to say this is an F straight out of the gate but like that's not bad it's not bad that's very that's shocking but does this taste like Coke no not at all here's what I will say though anybody in culinary or into bartending or drinks you know about the shrub it's a vinegar-based drink and they're very common in a lot of different cultures so really what you made was a balsamic vinegar shrub in a way I'm very heavy on the quotations here but it's not a Coke tastes good though I'll give to see this is really enjoyable there definitely are Pockets where you're like oh that's a little too much but outside of that it's really good I'll give it a c as well not bad but not great chili oil eggs this is pretty basic I don't even know how this blew people's minds but I mean you literally going to fry eggs in spicy chili crisp here's how it's made get a nonstick pan add a couple tablespoons of spicy chili crisp once it's hot crack your eggs into the pan season lightly with salt and fry your eggs over easy over hard whatever you like although over hard is kind of a weird Choice the biggest problem with this method is the dried chilies burn really quickly just generally so putting them in a hot pan kind of weird why not just added to your eggs after the fact which is a common thing that said You garnish with little green onion sesame seeds and we taste it's exactly what you might suspect if you've ever had chili oil these eggs are perfumed with the spice and the smokiness of the chili oil it's a little spicy it's a little sweet you got the MSU Mommy and obviously it's a little extra Rich cuz you got more oil on there and I mean it's super versatile as well you can put this on toast you can put it in your fried rice you can put it on normal rice you could have it just by itself and it's great will I give this an S tier for it being a Tik Tock viral thing no I think this is a very traditional thing that just happened to go viral on Tik Tok I'll give this an A but I won't credit any of that to Tik Tok this is not Reinventing the wheel but it is delicious so it's a strong and powerful a tier and definitely worth making moving on Sushi bake I I hate this but we're going to give it a fighting chance so you're going to rough chop some imitation crab rough chop some cooked salmon then in a medy mixing bowl add koopy Mayo cream cheese shacha rice vinegar whis together and fold in your quotation marks crab not quotation marks salmon then in a 9x13 baking dish add some sushi rice into the bottom layer on torn Nori sheets on top God this is abysmal I mean there are whole people who have dedicated their lives to the craft of sushi and and this feels a bit like a spit in the face bro but you know whatever add your meat mixture to the B baking dish spread evenly bake at 375 F or 190 C pull it out add Shira koopy Mayo maybe some green onion sesame seeds whatever floats your boat and whatever will cover this up so you don't have to look at it and now we taste visually man that's rough the green onions and everything on there helps it it does turn into something I can't help but think about the fact that we made a sushi casserole it just feels trashy but I will say it does taste surprisingly good I don't like that it's warm though that's knocking some points off texturally the rice is nice it didn't get too soft it's creamy that said i' prefer it in the form of a roll and I'm going to give it a se but an enjoyable C tier from just like a non-cook perspective making sushi is just such a big task for me I enjoy Sushi I enjoy going out and eating sushi but I'm never in the mood to really make sushi at home I think that convenience is great out of what's on Tik talk this is an a for me but I can also understand why it's a c for you I think putting those votes together this settles at a surprising for a sushi casserole B tier puff pastry Tarts this one seems like doing 80 80% of the work of making a tart and then just half assing the rest of it I don't know how I feel about this to a sheet Tray Line with parchment paper drizzle a random spot lightly with extrav virgin olive oil a touch of reduced balsamic vinegar thinly sliced shallots fresh thyme some crumbled feta and then you're going to lay a rectangular piece of puff pastry on top of that seal the sides with a fork and then brush lightly with egg wash pop that into an oven at 400 F or 204 CS for 20 to 25 minutes they come out looking like this and the underside has chots I mean it doesn't look too bad but I mean why not just make the full tart I guess we'll find out I'm not in love with it I mean I love shallots balsamic vinegar puff pastry it's just kind of like a these are all flavors that work it's easy to do you're getting a lot of just balsamic puff pastry before you even get to the shallot so I'm between a c and a d honestly I'm going to give it a d just cuz I have no purpose for this and I I think it's pretty purposeless it's a solid D maybe even a c but I'm going to keep it at a D ah the butter board can we all talk about how unsanitary and gross and weird this trend is like why just put whatever we'll get into it later we all know how this is done you get a cutting board and you spread really gross dollops of butter all over the board I guess if you try really hard it could kind of look cool but at the end of the day you're just smearing butter all over a board which uh I guess to each their own right you know we all have mental breakdowns and then you can top it with whatever you want chili crisp bacon honey flaky salt chives Dill mint that's what I did I'm sure it'll taste good but it's like being like hey do you want some soup and then you're pouring soup directly on the table anyway let's taste I also took one bite and I'm good I like the flavors that has nothing to do with the method of a butter board you just know that even if you make this for a party it's going to get ruined you're going to have someone that comes in it's like oh cool is this a butter board and just go like like that oh you now who wants that Josh add it all on these other flavors but like after just one big glob of butter I'm like ah I'm out it's just so much butter it does taste good I will say it doesn't taste bad you can achieve the exact same experience much less gross and much more tidy and orderly cuz after this is 25% gone it's going to look nasty at your dinner party I don't have a single friend that would enjoy me making this I would enjoy making this so for me it's a solid F it's an F smashed croissant this one's funny on one end it's sort of like a Candi croissant pancake which I'm into the concept but in that process you have to crush the multitude of layers that have taken quite literally days to make with years of pastry skill just kind of smooshed so that being said get a croissant use a rolling pin to roll it as thin as possible then in a pan set of a medium heat add a little melted butter add your smash croissants brush with honey on the top of the croissant place a piece of parchment onto the croissant then use a stock pot to weigh that down turn the heat to low and toast for about 2 to 3 minutes then flip brush again with honey parchment back on weigh down and toast for 2 to three more minutes or until caramelized chewy and crisp top up with some torn fresh Bara Mortadella pistachios a touch of extraversion olive oil faky salt and fresh cracked black pepper let's taste oh yeah I will say we didn't put arugal on this why didn't we put arugal on this because that's gross just throwing raw arugula on something shows that you are being classless and have no inventive thoughts whatsoever I really like it there's a lot of people that can hate on this method of how this is put together French person that sees this I guarantee you is going to say you when they see that but in America this is cool I almost want to give this an S tier but we have to recognize this is just a croissant that was smashed and candied with some Vera and Italian cured meat and that's it and it tastes awesome and you should make it and it's very easy to make it's a strong strong strong a we can't just give out an S TI to something like this is it mind-blowing super inventive to be on this viral scale I don't think so in terms of like an S but I would give it an a a strong a I agree a tier moving on million dooll spaghetti I don't know where the million dollars came from but there's definitely spaghetti in this here's how it's made so cook and train some spaghetti preheat a sauce pan over medium high heat add sweet Italian sausage sear until nice and brown break that up with a potato masher cook that through remove the sausage reduce the heat to medium add onions season to taste with salt cook till translucent then add garlic fresh cracked black pepper to taste a little bit of Italian seasoning a little bit of marinara add your sausage and stir to combine now to your cooked spaghetti you're going to add a touch of marinara to that as well for some reason I didn't make this recipe toss that together then in a medium mixing bowl add cream cheese ricotta mozzarella sour cream and fold together with a spatula okay this is where the directions get really questionable so you're going to take a 9x13 baking dish and you're going to add some cubed butter at the bottom of wow okay I'm going to call a psychiatrist after this add half your spaghetti your cheese mixture followed by the rest of your spaghetti then your meat sauce then mozzarella and more cubed butter ah America bake a 350 fhe or 175 CSI and look at this oh wow so nice at least there's a cheese pole see the cheese pole is there to confuse you on how dumb is let's taste what this looks like is what it tastes like it's very middle of the line it's just pasta you want to know what a million dollar lasagna is to me a lasagna that was made with love and intention and made with the highest quality ingredients properly with real technique that might be worth the title of a million dooll lasagna cuz it's actually a lasagna i' give it a c it's not a lasagna well it is a lasagna but it's not really a lasagna doesn't deserve the title I just want to clarify my annoyance here is not because it's not good it's because it's not that my mindboggling maybe that's what the internet is about sometimes sometimes the internet is about like people are scrolling they're not really thinking that deeply they're just kind of like oh cool but it's not oh cool it's okay so we'll settle on see are you going to be blown away by it no not really moving on yogurt toast wow this didn't need to exist but in a medium mixing bowl you're going to add yogurt egg maple syrup whisk until it has a God why does it look like that then you're going to take slices of white bread and indent a circle in the center look I didn't make this up okay it's only hurting every fiber of my being to do this spoon in your yogurt mixture into the indent add some fresh fruit on top we did some raspberries blueberries and then for some godforsaken reason it's popped into an air fryer at 350 F or 175 CI for 8 to 12 minutes you pull it out it looks like this you dust it with powdered sugar so you don't have to look at it and now we taste H completely carried by the fruit I don't detect at all the custard element let me try it by itself it's a relatively purposeless and flavorless custard it's also super overcooked in the world of custards and it'll never not be super overcooked you want to know why cuz you're blasting it in in an air fryer that's not how you make custard sweetheart this whole thing is just screaming convenience but convenience just dips the quality of it you're like oh I want all my things for breakfast Al together in my air fryer and you're not gaining anything from that I mean there's no taste other than the fruit it looks better than it tastes that is true and it doesn't look that good so I'm going to give it a big old d d for sure moving on to baked feta pasta this was one of the first big trends I saw and it made me realize that people don't care about some of the things that I really care about and it hurt my feelings so let's make it 9x13 baking dish add some cherry tomatoes some olive oil salt and pepper to taste toss that together add a block of feta in the middle for whatever Unholy reason Bake at 400 fhe for 30 to 35 minutes you pull it out and at this point you're thinking oh this does kind of look nice right blistered Tomatoes but at the same time you don't realize the Terrors you're committing right now so you're going to add some cooked pasta to that toss together brush shop parsley toss that's it the reason why people love this because it's easy but do people really love it for the taste I guess we'll find out it doesn't taste bad but somehow this tastes like a diet pasta the irony is it's not low Gallerie or low fat I'm trying to think of who would like it it definitely hits the one pot pasta crowd for sure I mean do I know people that would really enjoy this I think my wife would love this I think it wouldn't be hard to make and I think that she would eat a whole pan of it I'd give it a beat it's not for me it is very convenient but again I really need a high reward for the convenience cuz I feel like a carbonara isn't that much harder than this I would call this faux convenience I'm going to have to veto this sa a c if you're willing to give up your yeah I'm I'm fine with a sea we're calling this a sea tier moving on cloud bread how about this we'll just do it and we'll let it speak for itself in a large bowl whis together egg whites using electric beers then gradually add sugar corn starch and beet until stiff peaks spoon your egg white onto parchment paper lined baking tray you're going to shape it into sort of a weird cake and bake at 300 fenhe or 150 Celsius for 20 to 25 minutes comes out looking like this and everyone thinks it's so cool because when you crack into it oh my God it looks just like a cloud so what I guess if you want to make a little science experiment for the kids like that seems like a good use of this for eating or even calling this food is a jailable offense so let's taste I was very impressed with how it looked and I smelt it and it legitimately smells like my dog it is tremendously oh my God that's that's traumatic oh I almost threw up all right let's eat it thenm if I could rewind time about 10 seconds ago and not have eaten that I would be 10 times happier than I am probably for the rest of my life that's maybe one of the worst things I've tasted that's an F that's a full-on un inedible F this is not food that's an F yeah pickled fries this one I felt was a little interesting and when I say that I mean the sound effects he used sounded questionably crunchy for potato soaked in a liquid I'm not so sure about that but we're going to find out peel your potatoes cut into qu in planks then qu in sticks then into a qu mason jar you're going to add salt and water add a 2 and 1/2 to 3% brine adding your potatoes mustard seeds black pepper corns fresh dill crushed garlic and then lightly top with the lid because if you tie this down it might explode so just lightly sit at room temperature for 5 days then drain the brine from your potatoes lay your potatoes on a paper towel and dry as much as possible see at this point I'm thinking oh really nice water logged potatoes and they're nice and uh Wiggly but look we're optimists here so we're going to keep pressing on so first we're going to fry that at 320 F at or 160 C till just cook through and pale on the outside if you notice little bubbles starting to form on the outside there's almost already a crust which I'm surprised to see but we'll see if this gets any better drain that on a paper towel line baking sheet increase the heat of your fry oil to 350 F or 190 C and fried till crispy and golden pull them out I'm not going to lie listen to this they're sounding crispy you might have a chance here you have to season these immediately with salt when they come out of the fryer while they're still hot or the salt will not stick then all we have to do is place this on a nice little plate with some ketchup and mayo and we taste what the tastes as good as it sounds I think this is like now the ultimate way to make a fry I never thought that pickling fries would lead to flavor like this you got the garlicky you got a bit of sweetness in it just a lot deeper of a flavor that you normally get compared to if you just put seasoning on it I should clarify these aren't really pickled they're actually lacto fermented but they do give them a pickly taste I don't know if I can say if these are my favorite fries that I've made just because I have a different technique in my book but damn these are up there as someone that doesn't have a book this is maybe the top one there's nothing wrong with this I mean this is very contributive I think to like the cooking game and I'm sure there's something with the brining process and them sitting for so long and the salt somehow creating some sort of chemical reaction that creates this beautiful crust of crunch and shoe and the inside's cooked nicely and it's flavored however you want it to be flavored in this case it tastes like a dill pickle that's an s that is the most qualified S I can think of I agree this is actually food science on Tik Tok and for a great end result I got to give a shout out to valmore at appetite. lifee on Tik Tok and Instagram dude I don't know if this is OG your Technique but you're the only place I've ever seen this done I love you you did something good for us today made my tummy happy look the moral of the story to this video to me is this I hope people spend more time enjoying things more meaningful rather than the endless scrolling of 30second highlight reels it's hard to tell the truth what's right and wrong or even form any sort of an opinion when you only have seconds to understand it yet nowadays we seem to think that that's enough time it's the lack of time spent on these things that create barriers and hurt communities in food so remember there's always a lot more to be enjoyed in the little bits and pieces of a singular thing that you really sit down and digest it's okay to spend more time on things and maybe slow life down a little bit but even after saying all that there's still be something good in it after all but only time will [Music] tell

  Top Comments:
  1. @cyndirankin: Not million dollar spaghetti.  Its spaghetti bake, which was a way for my mom to use left overs
  2. @Andy-i8g9i: STAY WHAT?
  3. @sarahtonin8640: 1:23 No that is pepto-abysmal
  4. @LeviKrabbe: what knife am i supposed to get
  5. @lesleyhann: Smashed Croissant
12:00
  6. @humblehombreh: Having your husband say “my wife would eat a whole pan of this” is not only hilarious, but I can not imagine your wife to be thrilled by that comment. Lol!
  7. @humblehombreh: Me thinks, the “million dollar lasagna”, is actually “one hundred dollar spaghetti”.
  8. @retrogenius8397: Pickling fries is just a shit way of trying to copy century old method of making chips in a British Fish & Chips shop.
  9. @TheHiveOfBEEEES: For the burger taco you forgot the Mayo and the Mayo and the other Mayo
  10. @Zineeta: Anything smeared on a board is odd, can you do the sushi casserole without baking it? Looks like a sushi bowl and that wouldn't be bad.
  11. @lunaandstella825: Sushi bake looks good but also like my fish raw.. so why bake it? Seems like extra work to make something worse. When I don’t feel like rolling i make topped rice in a bento to take to work and eat it with roasted nori snacks (wasabi flavored ones) and its awesome as a lunch.
  12. @lunaandstella825: I eat my burgers on a pita bun. I just like my bread crispy and thin in stead of soft and fluffy. So I get this
  13. @SKYrosan: Couldn’t enjoy this episode Josh’s homie just keep talking I would prefer anyone else talking instead of being forced to hear him speaking. Keep doing ya thing Josh watching your videos whenever you post.
  14. @Goshfrothy: 17:54  that looks awesome and I want it
  15. @Fakeworld318-43: I’m sorry but the second you said pickled French fried I heard something AMAZING 🎉
  16. @Fakeworld318-43: Million dollar spaghetti is so good when I make it. You burnt the cheese and made it like a weird lasagna. wtf was that
  17. @Fakeworld318-43: Why do you talk so fast? It’s like you’re just speeding your way through to get it over w
  18. @ditter5915: 1:18 wtf, why did he make so much? This just seems wasteful, like he new it was going to be bad.
  19. @kalekaela: Yikes, AI generated icons. This video is 2 years old so I really hope you learned your lesson to never use AI generated images.
  20. @howweusedtotalk: In Columbia, MO there is a pool hall that cuts their potatoes and puts them in a brine of mostly salt water for a day or two. That's where I learned the trick.
They when best fries in the state all the time.

- Testing Viral TikTok Slime Trends: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm testing out three viral slime&nbsp; Trends to see if they really are worth&nbsp;&nbsp; the hype first up we're gonna try making&nbsp; rainbow slime this has been around for&nbsp;&nbsp; so long but I've never actually tried it&nbsp; properly to make it I just split up this&nbsp;&nbsp; clear slime in six different parts&nbsp; and dyed them all different colors after I dyed them I used the same Clear dish&nbsp; and put them all next to each other this looks&nbsp;&nbsp; so pretty but I was so excited to see what it&nbsp; would look like after a few days and just 24&nbsp;&nbsp; hours later the Slime was done and it looked&nbsp; amazing the colors Blended perfectly together&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was so impressed with how this turned out as&nbsp; I continue to mix and stretch the Slime it seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to reveal even more gorgeous colors and patterns&nbsp; the texture was perfect making it super satisfying&nbsp;&nbsp; to play with this trend definitely lives up&nbsp; to the hype and I would 100 want to try this&nbsp;&nbsp; again next time I'd probably do colors that look&nbsp; better together once they're mixed but to be fair&nbsp;&nbsp; this one did mix to a really pretty shade of blue&nbsp; let us know what colors we should try next in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments below and don't forget to subscribe and&nbsp; give this video a like now the next Trend we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be testing is adding a whole can of&nbsp; shaving cream to just one slime I poured around&nbsp;&nbsp; eight ounces of glue in so the amount of a regular&nbsp; slime and added the entire can of shaving cream&nbsp;&nbsp; I mixed it all together and this looked like&nbsp; frosting it's a shame it smelled like shaving&nbsp;&nbsp; cream because this looked good enough to eat once&nbsp; the activator was added it really came together&nbsp;&nbsp; so quickly much quicker than a normal slime and&nbsp; I think it's due to all the air in the shaving&nbsp;&nbsp; cream but is this trend really worth the hype&nbsp; absolutely not it felt really cool and kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like a marshmallow but it just didn't stretch&nbsp; once had been played with once it was kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; just a ball of Flubber last but not least we have&nbsp; our final Trend adding too much glitter to slime&nbsp;&nbsp; now we already tried this and it was a complete&nbsp; fail but we wanted to give it another chance and&nbsp;&nbsp; add just slightly less glitter as the last time it&nbsp; just went rock solid now to be completely honest&nbsp;&nbsp; I was a little skeptical about this one but I was&nbsp; really pleasantly surprised it had a really soft&nbsp;&nbsp; yet crunchy texture and I really enjoyed playing&nbsp; with it but is it worth the hype yes this one is&nbsp;&nbsp; one of my favorites and was probably my favorite&nbsp; out this entire video you just have to be careful&nbsp;&nbsp; not to add too much glitter even though that's&nbsp; kind of the whole point of it thank you guys so&nbsp;&nbsp; much for watching today's video and let us know&nbsp; what you thought about it in the comments below&nbsp;&nbsp; these Trends were so fun to test out and we&nbsp; hope you enjoyed them too see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AizaGuzman-e2m [1 likes]: 1:49
  2. @agb-5 [1 likes]: Who wants a face reveal like   Not forcing
  3. @ATruChristian [1 likes]: Purple and pink
  4. @ayok.exists: Bro sounds like Two from tpot😅😅
  5. @MelaniDavenport: Show Shadow fighting I love you
  6. @MelaniDavenport: 😊 I love your videos so cold I want I subscribe like if I want to say yes
  7. @libbykahnke5258: U should do pink purple and blue
  8. @Rodri-o9b: 145 🇲🇩 Moldova
144 🇶🇦 Qatar
143 🇬🇶 Equatonial Guinea
142 🇸🇿 Eswatini
141 🇦🇱 Albania
140 🇯🇲 Jamaica
139 🇱🇹 Lithuania
138 🇱🇸 Lesotho
137 🇦🇲 Armenia
136 🇧🇪 Belgium
135 🇧🇦 Bosnia
134 🇵🇦 Panama
133 🇲🇳 Mongolia
132 🇪🇷 Eritrea
131 🇨🇭 Switzerland
130 🇳🇱 Netherlands
129 🇪🇪 Estonia
128 🇨🇷 Costa Rica
127 🇩🇴 Dominican Republic
126 🇸🇰 Slovakia
125 🇰🇼 Kuwait
124 🇲🇷 Mauritania
123 🇮🇪 Ireland
122 🇴🇲 Oman
121 🇨🇬 Congo
120 🇸🇬 Singapore
  9. @Rodri-o9b: 2:15 Out
  10. @Rodri-o9b: 169 🇩🇲 Dominica
168 🇽🇰 Kosovo
167 🇪🇭 West Sahara
166 🇲🇰 Macedonia
165 🇬🇧 Northen
164 🇲🇪 Montenegro
163 🇷🇼 Rwanda
162 🇩🇯 Djibouti
161 🇸🇻 El Salvador
160 🇬🇦 Gabon
159 🇧🇹 Bhutan
158 🇭🇹 Haiti
157 🇲🇸 Monserrat
156 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales
155 🇬🇫 French Guyana
154 🇧🇮  Burundi
153 🇸🇷 Suriname
152 🇬🇾 Guyana
151 🇸🇮 Slovenia
150 🇫🇯 Fiji
149 🇧🇭 Bahrain
148 🇬🇭 Ghana
147 🇳🇦 Namibia
146 🇧🇼 Botswana
  11. @Rodri-o9b: 200 🇰🇮 Kiribati
199 🇵🇼 Palau
198 🇬🇺 Guam
197 🇹🇨 Turks and Caicos Islands
196 🇬🇸 South Georgia
195 🇸🇹 São Tomé and Principe
194 🇨🇼 Curaçao
193 🇫🇰 Fakland Islands
192 🇱🇨 St Lucia
191 🇾🇹 Mayotte
190 🇵🇫 French Polynesia
189 🇼🇸 Samoa
188 🇳🇨 New Caledonia
187 🇲🇶 Martinique
186 🇱🇺 Luxembourg
185 🇬🇲 Gambia
184 🇧🇿 Belize
183 🇬🇼 Guinea-Bissau
182 🇲🇺 Mauritius
181 🇨🇻 Cape Verde
180 🇻🇺 Vanuatu
179 🇸🇧  Solomon Islands
178 🇹🇹 Trinidad and Tobago
177 🇰🇲 Comoros
176 🇨🇾 Cyprus
175 🇲🇴 Macao
174 🇧🇸 Bahamas
173 🇧🇧  Barbados
172 🇧🇳 Brunei
171 🇮🇸 Iceland
170 🇹🇱 East Timor
  12. @Rodri-o9b: 254 🇷🇪 Réunion
253 🇳🇴 Bouvet Island
252 🇦🇺 Heard Island and McDonald Islands
251 🇹🇫 French Southen and Antarctic Lands
250 🇳🇴 Svalbard and Jan Mayen
249 🇨🇨 Cocos Islands
248 🇺🇸 United States Minor Outlying Islands
247 🇨🇽 Christmas Island
246 🇻🇦 Vatican City
245 🇹🇰 Tokelau
244 🇳🇺 Niue
243 🇳🇫 Norfolk Island
242 🇸🇲 San Marino
241 🇦🇶 Antarctica
240 🇵🇳 Pitcairn
239 🇸🇭 Saint Helena ,
Ascension &
Tristan da Cunha
238 🇵🇲 Saint Pierre & Miquelon
237 🇦🇮 Anguilla
236 🇹🇻 Tuvalu
235 🇼🇫 Wallis and Futuna
234 🇳🇷 Nauru
233 🇮🇴 British Indian Ocean Territory
232 🇨🇰 Cook Islands
231 🇧🇶 Bonaire
230 🇦🇽 Åland
229 🇻🇬 Virgin Islands
228 🇬🇮 Gibraltar
227 🇫🇷 Saint Martin
226 🇲🇨 Monaco
225 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein
224 🇸🇽 Sint Maarten
223 🇲🇹 Malta
222 🇫🇴 Faroe
221 🇰🇳 St Kitts & Nevis
220 🇲🇭 Marshall
219 🇬🇱 Greenland
218 🇲🇵 Northern Mariana Islands
217 🇫🇷 Saint Barthélemy
216 🇬🇬 Guernsey
215 🇧🇲 Bermuda
214 🇰🇾 Cayman Islands
213 🇦🇩 Andorra
212 🇬🇵 Guadeloupe
211 🇮🇲 Isle of Man
210 🇦🇸 American Samoa
209 🇦🇬 Antigua and Barbuda
208 🇸🇨 Seychelles
207 🇹🇴 Tonga
206 🇫🇲 Micronesia
205 🇻🇮 Virgin Islands of the US
204 🇯🇪 Jersey
203 🇻🇨 St Vincent
202 🇬🇩 Grenada
201 🇦🇼 Aruba
  13. @JOJOAGOGOFUL: Tu
  14. @skyville3036: It looks good to ai
  15. @MaryamYousaf-v1b: Yoo im a new subscriber so uhh i give u a challenge slime maker 😆
Can u add 3 light colour dyes and make a clear glossy slime and a butter slime and mix them together i wanna see what happens 😊
  16. @pablorivera6412: 10000/12
  17. @strawbearydti: my leaft ear hears everything! My right ear feels deaf
  18. @BritC3: You should make a stitch slime more of an angel slime, but I think you should drink, angel slime from Lilo and stitch. I think you could do that, right
  19. @calina4: syd
  20. @urthngel: You are

- I Tried 30 Viral Health Trends For 30 Days to See What's Worth It: Kind: captions Language: en Ice baths will change your life. You should be walking 10 to 15,000 steps every single day. - If you just decide, I'm gonna go on a carnivore diet, you'll lose weight and you'll feel amazing. - But it's hard to know which ones will actually improve your life. Which ones are just click bait or even worse, which ones are just trying to sell you something that doesn't even work? So for the next 30 days, we are gonna be trying 30 viral health trends. Starting right now with one of the most viral health practices in recent years, the daily cold plunge. This works day number one and health trend number one. Each day we'll be adding another healthy practice to our routine. We'll be getting our steps in going vegan, meditating, running, hanging from a bar, cutting out sugar, gluten, and caffeine. If you heard of a health trend, we're probably gonna do it until by the 30th day we're gonna be following all 30 trends. How long do we have to stay in here? Five minutes day, one down. See you tomorrow. Dude, I feel invigorated. So today we'll do the cold plunge from yesterday and run at least one mile. So for the next 28 days, we're gonna continue to cold plunge and run at least one mile in addition to each subsequent trend. Day three, feeling good run, then cold plunge, then journaling. Journaling is supposed to help you deal with your emotions. Stay grounded and think about your day. It's supposed to be good for anxiety and help relax the mind. Day four, cold plunge, run, journaling and - Whole Food Diet. Aha basically just means whole ingredients and everything that you eat. - Eating a whole food diet is supposed to give you more energy and better health by sticking to foods that haven't been heavily processed. I'm all about the whole food Diet Only eats single ingredients. Whole foods, whole foods. So most of the benefits that we're gonna get out of this, we think are gonna be mental, but to track and see if there's any physical difference. We did complete body scans at the beginning of the month. This is only a 30 day challenge, so if we see any changes, that's huge. - Day five. Ugh. Damn, I was hoping that was tomorrow. Yeah, - So I remember a lot of this stuff on there, but I definitely don't remember the order. Caffeine is gonna be tough. I do know what the last one is and I've literally never done it before and I'm not sure how you'll make a video while we're doing it. - How'd that feel? It was harder than I thought it would be though. I'm feeling pretty cocky. I think we're gonna build day 30, we're gonna be ripping 10 Ks. - You're probably wondering who that is. That's Redpath. We made a bunch of videos together at Donut and he's gonna be my teammate and moral support throughout this challenge because I'll tell you now, this is not going to be easy. I'm exhausted. I'm really looking forward to this being over. I - Think this challenge might kill us. - Just really - Unmotivated. Day six meditation. That was easy. - It's day six and we are feeling great. The plunges and runs are giving us energy and the journaling really feels like it's working. - Where I was mentally 30 minutes ago is very different than how I feel right now. After journaling and after meditating. - Our whole food diet doesn't make us feel amazing, but we never feel like crap either, - Man, I'm so stoked. I don't feel like - Even though cold plunging, running, journaling, meditating and getting in steps don't take up that much time. We know the time needed to accomplish all of our challenges will only grow and we're still making other videos for the channel. Oh, day seven, drink one gallon of water hydration. Many benefits I've said in previous videos. Your body is just a series of tubes filled with goop and you gotta do everything you can do to not only make that goop move around, but to dilute that goop to help it move around. Flush - In the system, - Flush this stone, - Flush the sea. Flush the sea stove. Add it to the regimen. - I've been here for like 15 minutes trying to fill up this jug. One week down. I'm feeling good actually. I am peeing a lot. And today we're gonna introduce Reed for at least 30 minutes. 30 minutes. - The day is packed and - We're only on day eight. Wake up, do this cold plunge, Dakota at night I meditate and journal. Solid journal sesh. Talked about procrastination being my final form of self-sabotage. Whole time, whole food diet. We got this. So Riley made whole food muffin things that are pretty good muffins, but really just very convenient oatmeal. - How do they measure grams - Of fiber? McDonald's probably one of the easier ones. - Day nine, no gluten. There is gluten in a whole food diet, but it's really hard to pull off. So we've basically been gluten-free anyway, so I'm glad that we don't really have to add anything else to our schedules because it has been getting hard to fit everything in. - Took two minutes and four seconds to fill this mold. It's day nine. We're starting to feel a little sick, but honestly that shouldn't be too surprising 'cause we're running in the rain plunging into freezing cold water and sometimes because of poor time management, not getting enough sleep. - It's 11:30 PM and I just remembered that I need to journal. - I have to journal and meditate and read that we're doing like a viral health trend challenge and we both get sick. All right guys, let's journal meditation. - Oh, it's free, but unless you're rich enough, then yeah, it's a free market. - Day 10. We're a third of the way into the challenge and I'm a little sick, so maybe just eat McDonald's and don't move your body at all. You might be better off. - Day 10. - Follow a skincare routine. Nice skincare routine. Skincare routine. Morning skincare routine. I think skincare is something that most dudes overlook. - None of our dads did that. - No way. And you could tell my dad looked old as hell. Dude, we go hard on our skincare routine. We cover all the bases in the morning. A water based cleanser to get rid of the dirt and oils, a toner to balance the skin's pH levels, a vitamin C serum to brighten the skin and boost collagen production and a moisturizing sunscreen for protection in the evening. An oil-based cleanser to remove sunscreen and cleanse toner. Again, a hyaluronic acid to retain moisture, A retinol to reduce wrinkles. An under eye moisturizer and a nighttime moisturizer. - Obviously this is a video, so we're going kind of extreme with it. You - Should wash your face and you should moisturize it with sunscreen. All the other stuff just depends - On how beautiful you wanna be. - Day 10 meditation. I can't breathe through my nose. I've already read for a half hour, but I like this book. It's a book club book, speed book club. If you haven't already joined our discord, go ahead and do it now. Conversations are great, but I don't feel well, so I'm gonna read this in my bed. Day 11, stretch. Stretching. Stretching, stretching. Routine viral stretching routine. Have officially entered the second act of the health trends challenge. - Full plunge today, the schedule is getting outta control. Schedule's. - Heavy journal day 11. I'm a little bit under the weather. I don't think it has anything to do with Oh yeah, the fact that I've been plunging myself into cold water every morning for the first. Yeah, yeah, you don't sound very healthy. I'm feeling great. One thing I do want to document, that's a positive, but my poops right now are better than they've been in a long time. - I don't even poop anymore. No waste in. No waste out. That's where we're at right now. I am peeing all the time. Yeah, it's nonstop. - Day 12, no sugar, but we're already not eating refined sugar because - We no food. Yeah, - So I definitely picked up the most no sugar. It's definitely better with the sun up though. Exactly the shade. Dude, I man out here. Morning stretch with David O Yoga. My name is James Ovideo. As we approach the end of the second week, the sickness starts to fade. We begin to feel everything that we're doing is starting to pay off. We're getting more strict with our schedules. Everything feels manageable. Oh, I've been dreading this on the entire time That coffee really hit after the cold War. - Ooh, one month - Of no caffeine. Caffeine, caffeine. Caffeine. No caffeine. Caffeine. God, dude, it sucks, dude. Oh, I should have peed before. I should have peed before we were draining it. Go ahead. It's drain day. We get to pee. - It's We got a sub. We can watch a movie in school. I'm gonna take a shit. The book in the pool. There is a layer of oil that I can see on - Top of my, yeah, definitely. We haven't emptied these since we started. - I've been wearing the, and they're gross. I've been wearing the same shorts. - I've also been running and then getting straight these covered in sweat. - This video is full of trends, but you want to know something that is timeless running? Our ancestors did it and it's pretty much the reason that we're not dolphins. Perfect accessory for any running outing is this thing. The speed run club hat science shows that running is a whole lot easier. When you look cool as shit, just ask Cheah. This thing is comfy. It's stretchy. It makes you look like you know where the heck you're going. Don't look like a lost Leonard. Go get your own speed. Run club hat today@speed.co. Thank you guys for supporting this channel. You are the lifeblood behind it. There is no sponsor on today's video, but you can still support speed by shopping our merch. Besides this sick hat, we got shirts, we got stickers, we got license plate frames. I think there's a PS five on there. Buy the speed run club hat today@speed.co. The one thing I wanna work on the most in the way I live is not procrastinating. Keeping the pace under seven 30 and being proactive and doing the little thing now. David Oyo your hands. Yeah, and I've removed a lot of self-destructive tendencies from my life and the one that remains is procrastinated Skincare. Got a little - Sun today. Good thing I was wearing my SPF first morning without caffeine. Don't you look at me like that. Don't you look at me like that. No, no. Don't you look. Nope. Nope. I don't care. I don't care. We just can't. We just can't do this anymore. It is over and I mean that. - Two weeks in the can, 100 pushups. Oh shit, dude. I've been looking forward to this one. - You have to do at least a hundred pushups, - A hundred pushups a day. 100 - Pushups. - 100 pushups every single day. I've lost a lot of weight recently and one thing that I need to add is muscle mass. So this will be like a good start to that. Get a little sore. 100 pushups. Zach and I both kind of hit a wall. Dude. Day 13. I was feeling on top of the world. - Yeah, - I could do this forever. I thought 30 day challenge. Yeah, right. More like new lifestyle and then simultaneously, separately, Zach and I both hit a wall. - Today's the most that I've ever wanted to quit this challenge. God, it just felt like I had a million things to do this morning and I was running and I was like low on blood sugar I think or something and I was like, damn dude, we're only halfway. I don't think I've really wanted to like quit until today. I was just like, yo, this is dumb dude, this is dumb. I don't know why we're doing this, but you know, there's a lot of stuff that you don't want to do. So just added to the list of that - Day 15 red light therapy tight. For the past, like week or so, I've been thinking, man, I've really figured this out. But for the past two days I've been like extremely busy, but also extremely bored going through the day, ticking a bunch of boxes. We're really just removing spice of life and I'm sore and I can't have coffee. So what are the benefits of red light therapy? - Red light therapy I think was originally a skin thing. More recently they've been saying it's even good for your muscles. The 100 by four light sources provide intensive care for the face, giving women the ideal filter filled skin. Okay, come on a little gendered. I could kill somebody in this. I don't know what just happened, but I think I damaged my retinas. - Red light therapy is a treatment that uses low wavelength red light to promote various health benefits, skin health and anti-aging. Nice speeds. Up wound healing. Hell yeah. May reduce symptoms of depression and anxiety. That's great because I'm a little anxious these days. Stimulates hair follicles and increases hair thickness. So your boy's beard is about to be on point. May alleviate chronic pain conditions. That's good because a lot of people are like, Hey, does your face hurt because it's killing me. Do I feel less anxious? Do I feel younger? Do I feel less depressed? Too early to tell. It's only day 16, man, there's so much crap we gotta do and I'm not having any fun eating at all. Mm, no. A hundred pushups harder than I thought I was gonna be. Thought I was gonna be a breeze. Kind of hard. I also feel like I can't really like think because I'm not like there's no joy really going on in my life. I feel dumb and stupid and like not cool and fun. So what are we gonna add today? It's only getting harder now. Yeah. Oh no dairy. Damn. Thank you. This one is one of the easier ones, but this is taking a little bit of the joy I have left. - I'm embarrassed, but I just did my whole skincare routine thinking that I was recording, but I'm not because apparently I'm a boomer. - Day. 17, right? Gratitudes. Yes, dude. If you start the day with three gratitudes, it puts you in a outwardly positive mindset. Like you are looking at things in a positive light. And so if you start with those three things, it's just gonna kind of carry over to into the day. You're like, we're almost three fits. And they say, if you can get past three fits, - If the first three fifths don't kill you, you're home free. Just over halfway through the challenge. Even though it's getting harder every day, I have to admit I'm feeling great physically and mentally. There are tough moments, but in many ways I'm feeling elite. I feel clean, energized. My body is happy, my mind is clear. If my emotions and energy were grafted throughout the day before the challenge, it would feel like this big fluctuations, major spikes. Now it feels like this. Steady a few moments of pain or annoyance here, there, but also way fewer wild highs. Day 18, going strong, not feeling positive, not feeling negative just in it like a robot. A healthy, healthy robot. - I've got a bad feeling about this one. I know we really, we've got some easy ones. Easy, easy, easy. Wake up at 5:00 AM It's time for this. Yeah, yeah. We need this. Waking up at five isn't like that big of a deal. Waking up at five for the next 2, 4, 6, 12 days. Yeah, that's kind of a lot less than two weeks left. - It is like six. My brain is awake, but my body, - My body is tired. Unfortunately we were up kind of late last night working at James's house, so didn't get that much sleep. - Oh yeah. - Oh, eating paleo basically means eating like a caveman. Some of it's obvious. No processed foods or dairy, which we're already doing. But there are other things you might not realize that our ancestors didn't have access to like grains and certain legumes. Even though those plants existed 10,000 years ago, we didn't have the technology or cooking methods to make them a regular part of our diet. - No beans, no peas, no grains. Yeah, they're just like chicken, steak, potatoes, eggs, eggs. Okay. As long as we never lose eggs. Yeah, this one kind of blows - Most of the things that we add to the challenge. Take away time. 5:00 AM wake up is the first one to give us something. So I gained an hour or two every day. I'm way ahead. I mean good spirits for sure, but definitely looking forward to not doing all of these every day. Forgot to record egg white, ground Turkey. Soupy tea. I want pizza. What am I thinking today? I don't know. I'm really just in it. I'm in this. Am I at peace? Is this what peace feels like? Ain't got no beefs, dude. Day 20, dude, - It says two minutes. Two minutes. That's pretty good. Oh, good. - Dead hang. Everyone in the world should be dead hanging for at least five minutes every single week. Not only isn't an amazing exercise just to open up the shoulders and get them into that overhead position, but it's going to be great to help you decompress the spine and develop grip strength as well. - The way that we designed this is that the final days are the hardest. During all this, we're also doing our normal lives. We've got the golf build, we have other videos to shoot. We have members only podcast. We have live streams and all the like behind the scenes stuff that goes into running a YouTube channel. I'm just really looking forward to not doing 20 things every morning. - I've been invited to go camping with a group of friends this weekend. It's probably gonna be pretty hard, but bring in my journal, my book, my Gallon of water, my running shoes, and I'm going to go to the store to buy totally paleo meals. So it's only for a - Night. I Ms. Rice, I miss soy sauce. I miss peanut butter. I miss toast. I want butter. And I really, really, really, really, really, really, really want coffee. You know how sick it is to do 5:00 AM without coffee sucks. Dude, - Just forgot to hit record again. But I did. I did my skincare. Sorry. - Journaling at night tonight. Wonder how Zach's enjoying camping. - I just woke up and it's brutal because it's so cold. I think I'm just gonna read and journal and try to do stuff in my tent 'cause it's so cold outside. I just want to go back to bed so bad 'cause it's so cold. My sleeping bag is warm. I'll wait to go for a run later. It's way too cold. - 5:00 AM day 21. Sunday. Not very into making this video right now. Alright, let's hit the streets. - Two, three. It's not fat. You got shoulder limbs, so like that's literally all you need. It's just me. - Alright. All right. Sauna, sauna. This one's nice. The problem is we gotta go somewhere 'cause neither of us have a sauna. - So I joined the Y today because they have a sauna. It was a weird vibe, man. Los Angeles, YMC, a sauna. Weird vibe dude. - Saunas are supposed to improve circulation, help with recovery and reduce stress, which is awesome because that is exactly what we needed at this point in the challenge. Officially three weeks into this thing and I don't feel like doing it anymore. Like I don't want to cold plunge today. I don't wanna meditate today. I don't want to journal. I want to dairy. I want to eat fake food. I don't wanna write gratitudes. Definitely don't want to hang from a bar for two minutes. I'm just really unmotivated. 21st day, we're officially three weeks in and it's a Sunday and I just want to chill. I'm so tired. - Hit record today. - I wanna relax. I can't 'cause I have 21 health trends to participate in. I just wanna chill and watch the game. You know what I mean? - Today's the first day that I feel worse than I felt yesterday. - Yeah, I don't feel motivated to do this. I think this is dumb. Wish we didn't do it. Jk. - I haven't even started pushups and I like have a hard time remembering everything I have to do. It like randomly hits me. I'm like, oh, I didn't stretch and I like go stretch. - I've thought to put my Fitbit on like eight times. I haven't, so I don't know how many steps I've gotten. - Have you run - Yet? Yeah. Without your Fitbit? Yeah. Oh dude. See, it's just an off day. This is getting hard. Yeah. All right. With that said, what else? Let's see, what else are you fucking kidding me, dude? All right, dude, back that back time to get real. Time to get real. Time to get swollen over the next eight days. Eight days. Feeling good, feeling alive, feeling like we're on the last lap. We are getting it. Zach and I have already been to the gym. We've already sauna. We've already run, we've already meditated, we've already stretched, we've already journaled, but we're feeling good, feeling motivated, feeling awesome. Hey, definitely ready for this thing to be over, but excited for what the last week is gonna bring. Day 23, keto, paleo. Okay. The point of a keto diet is to get your body into a fat burning mode called ketosis where your metabolism starts burning fat instead of glucose. Once you're in ketosis, your cravings for carbs go down. You burn fat more easily and it's easier to maintain a caloric deficit. - So no more broccoli. Oh no, no more asparagus. No more potatoes. No - More potatoes, dude. - Yeah, - The potatoes were good. That's a big one. It's - Basically paleo but no - Carbs. Yeah, so we're gonna lose some cornerstones of our diet. - My legs are so, so this is my keto - Paleo dinner. This is what I eat now. Just had dinner. I gotta get more steps. My butt really hurts, like my butt cheeks - Doing skincare. Final thing of the day and then I'm getting in bed because I'm - Tired. It's hard to bend over. We did dead lips today. - I'm sitting on the toilet. I think I ate too much red meat. - All right. Day 24. It's - Gonna be hard. No social - Media. Whoa, I wasn't expecting that. I forgot about that one. Yeah, crazy. And YouTube counts. Oh shit. We can't do YouTube. No YouTube analytics. Four fifths of the way through. You know what they say. If you can make it through four fifths, you can make it all the way. Yeah. We - Are officially in the final week. - This last section is, it's gonna break us. It's, it's the hardest stuff. We put all the hardest stuff kind of at the end. The things that we could only bear for just a few days, we put at the end, - There's Instagram, remove app. Damn. I don't know my Instagram password. - You can get it if your phone's attached to it. - Alright, - It deleteds data. What does that mean? Like your most recent searches and stuff like that. Okay. Like your browsers. Well, it's deleted. - TikTok. That one is more like, I know that's good for me. YouTube deleted. YouTube Studio deleted. Oh, Reddit deleted. That one's probably for the best LinkedIn. Damn, dude. How am I? How am I gonna post about my wins? Dude, I feel free. You actually, I do actually feel like a sense of relief. It does like honestly feel like a kind of a weight off my shoulders. It's like, it's like kind of like when I went to rehab, it's like this is gonna be hard, but I'm making the right decision. My red light mask is dead. Day - 25, intermittent fasting. Sick. All right. This is circadian rhythm, which means you can only eat when the sun's out. I don't really have anything to say. - I felt, I felt my brain kind of like craving scrolling TikTok in a weird way last night, and that's gross. I'm worried the keto paleo diet mixed with all of this working out is very bad for me. I'm gonna keep an eye on that. - Dude, this diet is killing me. I just ate steak in arugula last night. My stomach was hurting so bad. I was sitting on the toilet for like an hour. One more week baby. You know James has a heart condition. I think this challenge might kill James. That would not be good. Probably be really bad for the channel. It'd be good for one video then it would be bad for all the videos after that. All right, dude, you just feeling it in your heart. Yeah. - Zach was joking that this challenge would kill me, but I think he actually jinxed me. A lot of you guys know that I have a heart condition and that heart disease runs in my family. I have a stent in my heart and we've been pushing it pretty hard in our morning workouts. That morning I noticed that my heart rate was climbing past the limit that my doctor set and I started to feel pain in my chest. - What's it feel like? Just hurts. Sorry, I'm trying to, yeah, - When you've had a heart attack, it's kind of always in the back of your mind, but I think that the pain I was feeling in my chest was because I hit it earlier with a dumbbell right to the heart. It's hard to know when you're just being paranoid and when you actually need to go to the hospital. Having a heart attack is a huge pain in the ass. - All right. I'm a believer in the keto diet. It changes the way that your body metabolizes. It makes me really believe in the diet. I'm also not as hungry as often, like my cravings. I've really gone down. I started making a list of everything I'm gonna eat on the day that this thing is done. Oh my God, my beautiful cheat day. I'm gonna make almond milk latte. Oh dude, eat a buttery croissant. Then I'm gonna eat a bowl of Reese's puffs. Then I'm gonna go surf. I'm gonna get a pit fire pizza. Oh dude, it's got like that chewy crust. I just want pie, just straight pizza. - Oh, day 26. I'm feeling kind of like down in the dumps calling old friend, but I think some reconnection with some people will be good. This one I'm actually relieved by. I haven't felt that way in a while. My mind is strong, but my body is weak, exhausted. - Five more days. Let's go baby. Let's go. - It is the first day. It felt good. Dude, I think I'm going crazy because this feels awesome. I'll talk to you later, dude, you later. Bye. Also, I've been having a hard time getting off of the toilet because my legs are so sore. One big, one - Little or too big too. - Riley's throwing me some salmon. Look at all those colors. I mean that's gotta be healthy, right? Breaking out a little bit here. Think it's because of retinol. - How long are you guys staying there? - 20 minutes. - No, - Redpath and I have been doing the keto diet for two days now. Theoretically, you can test whether your body is in that fat burning ketosis mode by measuring the ketones in your blood. We're using this device to measure our ketone levels and hoping for anything above 0.5. That means we're in ketosis. - Oh, you're a good clotter. Point five. So you're like right in ketosis. Alright, we'll do Jesse, and if Jesse reads like a 1.1, this thing's a scam low, dude. Not even reading anything. Ooh, 1.3. Dude. Damn dude. Cheo dude. Burning. Well, we're in ketosis, dude. Barely. Dude, you're sewing - Ketosis. I'm like ain. What your levels, dude, I gotta get on your level dude. Day 27. Oh no screens. - Oh, I thought that was tomorrow. - Yeah. - Whoa. This is a long time ago. Without screens. - Yeah, we have stuff to do. Holy shit. This video might be financially destructive. We're going no screens for the rest of this challenge. That includes the screens on our action cams, which we've been shooting all of this footage on. There might be some shots out of frame. There might be some poorly lit shots. No screens on action cams, no apple watches, no Fitbits analog watch. Nothing that emits light except the sun. - Okay, so we're not allowed to look at screens, but we still need to be able to call an old friend. The thing is, we are allowed to make phone calls. We're just not allowed to use our phone in the normal way to make a phone call. So my whole phone is taped and actually the touch screen still works through the tape. So I have marked exactly where I need to swipe to answer a call, where I need to press to hang up and where I need to press for it to go to speaker phone. So basically a phone call to an old friend, which I need to do today would go something like this. Hey Siri, call Michael Potter. Press the speaker button. It's going Hecky boy yo, dude, how's it going? - We like Zach's little tape hacks so much that we turned it into a real product. This is Screenless maybe once a month. You wanna break from your phone, but you still wanna be reachable in case someone needs you. That is exactly what Screenless is for. It's a removable sticker that you put on the screen of your phone. We've put indicators on all the the important buttons, but you can't look at your phone. You slap one on, you go about your day. You stay available without getting sucked into the scroll. We designed a bunch of styles so you can pick the vibe that fits your specific non-screen journey. I've tried screen timers, I've tried downloading apps because I've considered buying a dumb phone covering the screen of your phone works. Go to speed.co to get your mark one screen list. This is an experimental product. We are excited to hear your feedback, what you like about it, what you don't like about it. This is a new thing for us and we're really stoked. More to come. Let's go screen list together. Honestly guys, I don't wanna ruin the rest of the video, but it will. It's very good for your brain. Day 28, carnivore diet. Alright, so basically we can't eat leaves anymore. - All right, - Dude. - Chicken, eggs, ground turf, beef. That's basically all I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat horse - Balls, cow dicks, bull testes, bull testicles. Those nice dude, - You, you've gone. You've like broken a threshold that I haven't yet. - I've gone full wim off. Dude. I'm trying to spread out as much as I can. I'm trying to spread out - As much as I can. Hands and armpits is crucial. - Oh my god, - You had Swedish fish on your counter the other day and I, I walked inside and like literally in my head I go, don't mind if I do. And I was like, oh no, I can't. I think maybe my phone is recording right now. Three - More days. Three more day. - I've really like falling into this routine. I cannot wait for it to be over though. I like the removal of social media, but not being able to check in with the world easily is affecting me in a negative way. Sounds good. Screen. I can't watch, watch tv. I can't. The chest really hurts. The diet stuff is like fun. I don't have any energy. When I'm ready for it to be over, I really want to eat a focaccia sandwich. - This is what it's come to and I really want a coffee. I'm just eating hamburger. Patty, - This is by far the most challenging video I have ever made. I hope that all recorded because I don't have a screen. Am I in frame? Nobody knows my in focus. I don't know. Day 29, 2 more days. We knew it was coming. No shoes. I haven't worn shoes in. Over a year, fucking barefoot, barefoot. No longer going to wear shoes. So there's a bunch of bones in your feet that apparently shoes squished together. So today and tomorrow we're gonna not wear shoes anywhere. Stretch out our little bones and get more in touch with the earth. This one's wild. This is no way to live. I'm glad it's almost over. - I think I thought when I got to the end, I'd be feeling really good and almost not wanting to stop. That couldn't be further from the truth. I think James and I learned a lot. It's been hard, dude. It felt like it was never gonna end. It still kind of does. I think I have a headache from eating just meat, bro. The carnivore thing is messed up. I mean, I just want a goddamn brussel sprout today. I just rode my bike barefoot. - That hurt. Definitely bad, as bad as I thought. Totally conscious of the fact that I'm not wearing shoes. It wasn't excruciating, but there's like an underlying fear the whole time that you're just gonna like step on something sharp or gross or like catch your toenail. Dude, when we are done with this, I'm gonna not do anything for a whole day. Not a not a thing, not a single thing. I'm gonna crawl from the bed to the couch. I'm gonna watch home improvement all day and eat pizza. It's not like that hard. It's just a lot. It's like having two jobs, a lifestyle job, and then my regular have meetings and phone calls and write future videos. Job brother, it's a lot, man. Tired as hell. Feels good on this couch though, boy, I tell you what, but I have to do 50 more pushups today. Nice shoes. You think I'm self-conscious about not having foot prisons free baby. I can peel a banana with these bad boys. Heading into the last day, I think I had a really good feel for which trends were working and which ones I would not recommend at all. It's a lot to cover, but I wanna give you guys my takeaways for all 30 health practices. Here we go. Cold plunge. It's cool. Weekly. I'm not doing it daily or just take a cold shower, run a mile. I try for seven miles a week in any form journaling. Enjoyed it. Once a week feels right. Whole food diet solid for cutting out snacks. Would recommend 10,000 steps. Great. It's not hard. Gets you outta the house. 15 minutes of meditation. Too long. Five minutes is enough. Hydration challenge. A gallon is too much. Half a gallon is fine. 30 minutes of reading perfect replacement for your TV show. I read two books. Gluten-free makes me feel lighter, but I love bread too much. Daily skincare routine. I love it. Morning stretch. I feel a huge difference in my back and joints do it every day. Refined, sugar free. After a few days, I stopped having sugar highs and cravings, but I still like my little treats. No caffeine. I hate this. I do think I slept better. I hate it. 100 pushups per day. Definitely recommend, especially if you're not doing any of the strength training. Red light therapy. Honestly, the skincare routine made such a difference. It's hard to tell if this did anything. Dairy free. I feel better without cheese, but I like cheese. Gratitude's easy to do alongside journaling. It really put my mind in a positive place. 5:00 AM wake up makes me feel elite. Nothing beats waking up early. It gets easier. It'll drastically improve your life if you have something to do when you wake up. Paleo, kind of neutral on this one. Two minute dead hang. It made my back feel better. If you have back pain, try it. Sauna. It clears out the sinuses and definitely helps with recovery. Two workouts per day. One is enough. Keto paleo. Zach is a huge believer. It killed his cravings, which is a huge part of any diet. No social media. Do this every day. Get off TikTok. Get off Instagram. Social media doesn't improve your life except our videos. Those come out Thursdays. Watch those on your tv. Don't watch anything else. Intermittent fasting with everything else. It's hard to tell if it helped, but it does Stop me from nighttime snacking. Call an old friend. Don't do it daily or you'll run out of friends. But once a week or once a month worth it. No screens. I kind of love it. Inconvenient. Yeah, but maybe once a month. Screen list now available@speed.co carnivore. Never again. I feel gross. This one's weird. No shoes. Kind of like it. Let the dogs loose sometimes. As for the last challenge, if you can find the time to do it, I think it's introspective and fun, but it might just be something to try. Once as we wrap up the final day of the challenge, my biggest takeaway is this. We're living in a time of hyper optimization. Every health trend we tried, every diet, every exercise, every mindfulness practice came from something that we saw online. There's this pressure to not just improve, but to become the best possible version of yourself. The goal isn't balance or joy, it's perfection. Like we're machines and if we fine tune every setting, wake up at 5:00 AM follow the perfect diet, do the exact right workout, we'll unlock 100% of life. But 100% is a myth. Life is messier than that. It's more interesting. It's more beautiful and honestly it's more fun. Now, I'm not saying don't try. We should try. The whole point of this channel is to encourage people to try. We should challenge ourselves and build habits that could help us feel alive. And a lot of the people promoting these trends are genuinely trying to help. But let's not forget, some of them are trying to monetize our insecurities. The easiest way to get you to click to buy, to stay hooked is to convince you that you're not enough. Perfection is impossible, but it's easy to feel like it's just around the corner. Look, get on a manageable workout routine. Eat food that makes your body feel good. Drink more water. Take care of your skin. Do the cold plunge. If it excites you, not because you think it'll unlock a new life, let's be better. We don't have to be perfect. Perfect is usually someone else's idea of what you should be anyway. You are not a machine. You're a person. I love you guys. - You said a month ago, right? Yeah. Which I don't think a lot will change your month. Well, at least it is enough to kind of show you go in the right direction. Yeah. Right. Yeah. What's the routine like for that last month?

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpeeedCo [523 likes]: Give Screeenless a try, and/or get a Run Club hat: https://speeed.co/
  2. @BurchTM1: love you too bro
  3. @shawnregier8797: Woah james i loved this video!
  4. @maudieicrochet9491: Not feeling like crap is huge.❤
  5. @mariabahach333: What is the name of the music theme in the beginning? Please!
  6. @IntegratedPestManagement: Comments section love 8 hours of sleep
  7. @RedJo7: The music that's playing towards the end at around 45:00 - with the strings - is absolutely beautiful! I'd love to know the title track!
  8. @noob4head: 43:30 - 45:36 these are some of the wisest words I've heard anyone say on this platform. I've only recently discovered this channel but man have I been enjoying watching their videos.
  9. @deadlypendroppingby: 3:34 looks like somebody had a little pee
  10. @JCFrame: I really hope he made good money from this video. He deserves it.
  11. @markfeeer2149: Dude James you should look up how to do a proper pushup couse the one in the video wasnt.
  12. @romabaninja: 13:09 good luck to your ligaments and shoulders guys. Don't do so many reps EVERY DAY pls. This trend is one of the most diabolical
  13. @romabaninja: I've jumped with skipping rope for 10 minutes for 30 days. Slipped at day 26 due to 5 hours downpour, continued jumping for two more days and threw it away for some reason: 1) 4 weeks in a row, even in different city, so I proved to myself that I can do it anyway; 2) I realised that I needed some rest days for my joints... And my results exploded just after one day of laying at home. 832 jumps in a row.

So, this challenge gave me some mental strength, and my posture become even better, my overal health is improved. So, skipping rope is a good thing, I suggest you to try it
  14. @seanvazquez2920: How can i join the book club
  15. @j0ann: This was epic
  16. @AKM_DeepXD: 16:35 bro don't do pushups like that bro learn the perfect form not doing in perfect form can give you injury too. Your friend got a good form learn the form from him it mattars too much.

Good Form pura tension in all the main muscles bro and also it's much easier to pushup once you learn the perfect form
  17. @harriesdif: Thank you for the video!
  18. @justauserrrrr: We get sick because our hormones start to change . That change is a positive sign of improvement
  19. @helenaaoki1911: I think the skin care you guys should maintain the skin looks better
  20. @foolishmestudios: Wait so you didnt do each trend for 30 days but just added a tend in every day for 30 days? Thats not good experimentation. This is challenge, not a way to see if these trends work. I think the video idea is fine but you gotta tweak the purpose of the video is a bit

- I tested the most VIRAL TikTok gadgets!: Kind: captions Language: en we're about to test the most viral gadget on Tik Tok to find out if lots of views actually mean something is good okay let's watch some Tik toks starting with 120,000 views to go on to Amazon you get a piece of acrylic you stick it on your exercise bike I have some doubts about the stability I can't believe how much this thing costed I thought it was going to be $10 it's 60 so we've got two very satisfying looking peels to pull off here that was better than any phone peel I've ever experience very appealing that was appalling okay it's on it's actually scraped a little bit of the material away which is not a great start so to be fair it does allow me to accomplish the core task of using my laptop while I'm exercising it's just a little bit wobbly and also doesn't quite come out close enough to be comfortable for me to perch on but I'd say this is a 5 out of 10 for the price so moving all the way up to 300,000 views right now it's a bin your smartphone so it's saying that this right here whoosh is the official screen cleaning fluid that Apple uses to keep their store models as shiny as possible I'm not going to lie the side by side is a little bit sus well it looks nice and premium and it does come with a microfiber cloth in the box which is always nice all right so let's just say you have a dirty phone like a very very dirty phone I really like the fact that this is proper industrial sized equipment like this is a 500 mil bottle of fluid okay right let's do the honors oh takes a second to get warmed up oh yeah that's the stuff not actually color like I was expecting the fluid itself already kind of looks a bit dirty the sacred swipe that's very good actually so literally within two strokes of the cloth that is what it looks like wow I think I have to give this in 9 out of 10 the only real downside being that it does kind of cause a bit of a mess so apparently this gadget solves your wardrobe space problems so it's like two hooks that can actually support six different pieces of clothing does that actually save space this is definitely one of the straight products that's arrived at my doorstep okay so this is what five shirts would normally look like using traditional hangers but then with this contraption it gives you a slot to hang each of these shirts individually into so far it actually takes up about three times the space the only reason this exists though is for you to then be able to take that hooker off ooh that saves you a ton of horizontal space let me explain so when you unhook the storage solution the compression of the hanging device reduces the cubic volume of air between each shirt by a factor of 3.5 the Garment do now rest 20% lower so they take up more vertical space but it means that the overall volume of the shirts in storage is scaled down to less than a half of what they originally began with or in other words 9 out of 10 some of my favorite home finds lately oh that's cool it's like a vertical waffle maker that's quite a good idea so this is like a cocktail glass that constantly stirs your drinks and then keeps telling you the next thing you have to put in it does seem like a cool way to make a cocktail do the fact that it's constantly mixing actually help you with something well this is really doing it for me anything involving brightly colored cocktails sign me up you get a glass you get a base feels a little bit cheap and cheerful but I'm enjoying it and then here's what the Tik Tok was really excited about it comes with an app that tells you exactly what to put in to make the drinks you want to make so you find a drink you like the look of and you click Craft oh God Bluetooth connection issues to my glass this is I know it's 2023 so it says Place Glass it's spinning so it's telling me pour lemonade until the coaster turns green it's filling up on the side that is actually so cool and now it's changed to add ginger ale it is a little sad looking it's not like you actually need to stir lemonade on its own we will follow the recipe pour in complete remove glass and enjoy tastes like lemonade and ginger oil caressed with a stirer is probably how I describe it to be fair it is mixed well there's no sign of Separation but I just don't see myself using this okay 500,000 views so look what you doing with that flower buddy soda can pump are you pumping air back into it I swear that's not how it works looks like he's giving the can CP I have to say nothing about the packaging or the appearance of this thing inspires confidence right so this is not what I thought it was it's not designed to be able to pump Fizz back into your flat drink it's just designed to stop your drink going flat in the first place so we all know that as soon as you've opened a can or a bottle of fizzy drink you just need to leave it for like a couple of days and all the fizziness just disappears so the base ring snaps onto the can you close the pump cap it's actually created a proper seal there and the idea is that by pressing this pump down we're drawing all the last bits of air that are in the can out of the can it's basically created a tiny vacuum at the top which stops further carbon dioxide from inside the drink from leaving we will come back to this in 3 days to see if it's worked okay it's been exactly 3 days since I put this in the fridge that was a reassuring pop and it's still completely fizzy congratulations Tik Tok so it's some kind of slicer you stick whatever you're slicing inside and you just bring the blade down wow and it's sliced I'm cautiously optimistic about this one I think the perfectionist inside of me is relishing the idea of perfectly sliced veggies every single time it's very exciting so we Chuck some small vegetables in now I guess this is just going to go down and slice them it feels like some sort of medieval torture device we're definitely sliced uh um so the way this is going to work is if you manage to get a vegetable that perfectly fills the inner chamber then this will completely cut it right down the middle but because in reality that's never really going to happen most of the time you're going to end up with slices that look a bit more like that potentially saves you little bit of time though so 6 out of 10 wait it says milk dispenser why is your milk green wo so this gadget converts apparently AAA batteries into ablea batteries okay I mean they come in a bag okay genuine real life situation here I wanted to boot up my Game Boy Color but I could not find any AA batteries at all in the house but in theory these cases should allow me to use trip oh they feel really nice and high quality flat end of the battery goes into flat end of the case and likewise for the top that could not be simpler to understand time to slip it in okay so they perfectly fit in the space made for AA batteries and yes it really does work which I guess makes that the first 10 out of 10 does everything you want it to do right we're past the 1 million view Mark now so it's like a Bluetooth speaker but it attaches to your showerhead and then when water comes through it spins a turbine which charges the speaker it can track water usage tell you the temperature I mean if that lives up to what the video is saying that would be an instant recommend now video like this really make you realize the variety of stuff that exists now thanks to the internet oh this is cool it's something that actually does look like a capable piece of equipment which I guess you'd expect it's $120 this thing is such a beast but to be fair it does still leave space to hold your handle let's see if it's effected the shower pressure so we are having a little bit of drippage down here at the bottom but to be fair most of the water pressure is preserved check this out it shows you the temperature of the water at any given time Ian I don't know what I'm going to do with this information but it does also tell you your estimated flow rate what does party mode do it's not the crispiest most accurate sound ever but it's very very Punchy makes you want to dance in the Shelf the reason to use something like this is the simple fact that you just don't have to think about it you would just walk into the bathroom your phone would autoconnect via Bluetooth and it will always be charged Bubble Spa mat that looks like a lot of options he's having the time of his life yeah I'm not going to pretend like I'm not incredibly excited by this okay so the mat is set up it's it does span the entire bath which is very nice one thing I don't like is the fact that it does create almost like an industrial piping situation CU you got this massive pipe which then has to plug into the bubble generating machine over here which in itself has to plug into the mains oh my God it is so loud I mean imagine you're having just like a nice romantic night in and then you just got that thing roaring in your corner see if it's worth it wo oh it's actually really really nice oh I kind of like it I feel relaxed standing in it oh if it wasn't for this noise I would genuinely give this like a 9 out of 10 but you're just not going to be able to relax with the sound of someone vacuuming right next to your face the labeling this one is the best Amazon purchase of my life okay massive onion can't cut it with a normal knife so the veggie chop comes in right okay so you load up the onions oh you crank it by hand that looks like a nightmare to clean I do love automating tasks why does it seem like such an as seen on daytime TV kind of product I felt slightly let down by the slicer from earlier I'm hoping this is the solution and then the top of this slicer basically connects to the lid of the container like an allen key you know the feeling when you feel like you're about to get satisfaction that time is now oh my god that actually works so well I didn't want to believe but easy 9 out of 10 we have just destroyed that Apple but apple is currently destroying Us in subscriber count so I set it as a mission for us to overtake them and if we do I will personally build the largest most powerful iPhone myself so a sub to the channel would be chopal over 3 million views for the nasal irrigation system so this is meant to flush your sinuses I guess W he he does not look happy I feel like I'm watching like an exorcism he got his kid's hand on his shoulder like there there it's okay dad poor guy there's like a concerned dog in the corner as well is this meant to make me want to do this I mean after that demo this is about the least excited I've ever been to test a product I really can't express how unexcited I am for this says nasal rinse mix oh to be fair it says contents sodium chloride so basically this is salt can't believe all of this is going up my nose oh oh so the salt is there as an antiseptic to clear the insides of your sinuses and I guess the idea is that this is going to spray water at high pressure to clear everything out oh God that feels horrible it's wow that's the initial surprise it's uh starting to feel quite [Music] Pleasant wow my nose feels so clear I have allergies all the time so my nose is constantly half blocked but feels like my first clear breath in a very long time I might actually voluntarily use this again 8 out of 10 oh it's like a self-heating cooking pot so you can cook while in bed watching Netflix I can't tell if this is genius or really really dumb I guess they're trying to frame this as the no need to leave your bed anymore cooking solution which I'd be lying if I said I wasn't fascinated to experience being able to film videos in bed this s great so one very immediate red flag this is not even long enough to reach your floor Bombay bad boy what a flavor I feel like I'm back at University again add some hot sauce and I guess just water okay so the heater is really powerful but if anything that concerns me slightly more the outside is all plastic though so you don't feel how hot it actually is okay here's the thing this product does do exactly what it says on the tin but why would you want to do that why do you want to cook something at 200° C on your lap you still need to leave your bed to go get Cutlery you still need to go get water from the tap at that point why not just go cook it downstairs and then ring it up like it's definitely getting really hot this will cook whatever you put inside of it oh smells so good especially after the nasal irrigation I mean look at me right now this is not a scene that should exist three out of 10 we're at 5 million views now wait this person is putting some sort of like Berry puree into the toall that then gets released into the face mask that can't be it there's got to be a next step here what does that do it looks very cursed and I feel like I need to get this the bath jacuzzi and the cocktail mixer all together that is one hell of a night in right let's pretend this isn't something straight out of your worst nightmare so that slips under there so I spent the last 5 minutes pureeing an old fruit salad into this there's so many instructions so the water logo is flashing which means 60 Ms of water in there it actually beeps to tell you when to stop okay 20 M of juice and now I meant to add wait what am I actually about to experience pills off Tik Tok oh it does actually say warning do not eat this is not food that's very satisfying you can see that it's in the process of making the mask so let's uh come back to it when it's done all right the laziest thing I've ever ordered from Amazon definitely is a here short video remote controller I know what this is going to do you wear it as a ring so the entire purpose of this device is just being able to wirelessly scroll your feeds I kind of hate that this exists but we are where we are you know with this thing what scares me a lot more than potentially finding out that I don't like it is finding out that I actually really do okay so I guess the situation here is I've just finished my ined pot noodles I'm very satisfied and now it's time to get into bed and to watch some Tik toks you're watching Tik toks like this you want to go to the next Tik Tok just tap the next button and it's the next Tik Tok there's a very slight delay because it's Bluetooth but there's no swipe transition at all it's just you click and it goes but then also when you want to pause you tap the middle button it's definitely one of those gadgets that's really well executed I would actually tell myself not to use this is that guy cleaning the outside from the inside that's not right I am a bit confused oh it's like a specific magnetic double-sided window cleaner that we have to try wow this thing is really heavy and the magnet that connects the two separate parts of it incredibly strong like you actually have to be very careful not to get your fingers in between these but I guess it makes sense because the magnets have got to be strong enough to attach from the other side of the glass I just wipe and it does both sides at once I mean it's incredibly cool but can you see how tenuous the magnetic connection is like the other one is ready to fall any second oh oh my God I mean that's just broken so this is a great idea but only if you have single glazing I can't give it more than like a four right we on 6 million views this device stops you from using your mobile phone why is this a thing you can still take emergency calls good I find it so funny that one of the the top cool Amazon gadgets is a gadget that stops you using your gadgets this is actually a little more advanced than I was expecting I assume this would just be a onetime use fun gimmick but it does seem surprisingly well thought out okay so you open it up you stick your phone inside you close the door you click the lock button and then this allows you to set the time that you want to lock it for so there is a screen protector that you can take off here it allows you to touch your phone in very specific places so I guess that would either be to tap some notifications or to answer a call it's still allowing you to use your phone it's just making it wildly inconvenient to do so at this point it's literally just world's dumbest case I can literally just fully play a game while it's in this case there's ever a bit of a screen you can't reach now you can I'm giving this like a two what are you doing to this banana this looks like a horrific form of surgery poor thing it's like coring the inside of the banana to be able to fill it with something else what in God's name why does it look so inappropriate God think innocent things think innocent things I mean this is absolutely the most sus Gadget so far oh yeah this is fun I am a massive banana man and I do actually eat banana with Nutella anyways right so it says start by cutting off the tip there's a lot of banana straightening in the instructions there straighten the Banana by putting the cut end into the holder oh okay and then you straighten the banana like this no way I don't think I've ever seen a straightened banana in my life so then you've got the cor so this is going to go through the middle of the banana and hopefully take out the inside and we go see you keep pushing pushing pushing pushing oh I don't want to break it and now that point I'm going to twist to break the core on the inside of the banana put my thumb over and pull out to use suction to hopefully pull it out I think it worked this is what we pulled out have you ever seen that before so now we load up the hopper this is going to get messy I can just tell okay so now we Slide the banana in slowly and carefully as soon as I do this it's going to fill it right up this is the funniest thing I've ever seen oh my god oh wow okay so it doesn't quite fill it up to the very very end so it's a little messy on this side but I'm assuming if we now open it from here you still have a clean full looking banana that once you slice come on come on come on oh it's so beautiful M and the proportion is just right it was a hassle to get there and I'm so glad we got there POV you're in a rush and you want to bring breakfast with you just about to show us some sort of alternative way of doing it crunch cup it's got a separate compartment for the milk and the cereal but it allows you to have both at the same time while keeping the cereal crunchy I mean this guy looks happy okay we all know that cereal is just an elitea snack and so a tool that's claiming it can perfect the cereal eating experience you know this thing has a very high ceiling okay so we get some milk into here this doesn't feel like a large amount of cereal I have to say so the cereal connects straight into the lid I'm slightly scared this is going to spill everywhere but then I think you just lower that that is a weirdly perfect fit so I've got a full access now to both my cereal on the inside and my milk through this little slit here I'm just now realizing this is for all those people who put the cereal in last I'm just drinking milk I got my first chocolate pop and we are probably 60% done with the milk it's just easier for the milk to come out than the cereal to come out cereal was designed to be eaten a certain way for a reason spiral candles are my new thing I'm actually low key a bit of a candle sucker also the wick is spiraling all the way around the outside and then once that's completely burned the wax melts into the middle which then allows it to be reused as a normal candle almost every single product that comes to me I usually have like a gut instinct of whether it's going to be good or not I have absolutely no clue here so apparently this is linen fresh oh you can see the wit going all the way around on the inside it's so much better use of the space inside a candle as opposed to just having one in the middle that goes down so the wax in a candle is used as a fuel to keep the wick burning there's actually less wax here than in a normal candle but the shape of it allows it to use the wax it does have more efficiently you can already see the melted wax trickling down into the center okay so T actually burned for a total of 6 hours which is much less Long than I was expecting however it's reached a very nice looking stage two so I would say this is a really nice novelty but it doesn't completely change the game for candles or anything so 8 out of 10 okay so we're in the 10 million view plus category now a Smart Lock for your door that allows you to set a combination passcode Ah that's pretty interesting okay this is right up our alley we have to test this man can you believe this thing was over $100 that is not cheap for a door handle okay it's finally installed this is one fiddly piece of equipment and I will say straight off the bat there's a couple of things I don't like about it when you pull the handle down it doesn't automatically snap up I would quite like it to just return to that position the LEDs on the inside feel pretty cheap like they don't fully light up each of the numbers but it does at least quite well serve the function it's intended for of being able to password lock your door or hey even fingerprint unlock like that why did I set it up in the bathroom there I'll give it a six I'm never buying from a small Tik Tok business ever again so it's some sort of box it has a bit of 3M tape on the back you take that off you stick it on your wall next to your door and it can apparently turn your door into an automatic closing door to save you the vast effort of having to close the door yourself little optimizations eh that was a 20 million view Tik Tok this actually works it could be a really powerful combo when paired with the fingerprint door handle okay so through here and we essentially want to attach this box just next to the door and then the hook that it latches onto is going to go at the same height but on the door itself and then all being well once this is latched onto this it's going to create a strong enough pulling force that this door will now automatically close oh my goodness got to say the mechanism does make me slightly uneasy in case at any point this say flies off the wall and smacks you in the face but it does seem like they've thought of that and this is stuck on very very securely and my favorite part of this is that it closes with enough force to be able to actually latch the handle of the door on its way out this has over 65 million views looks like I'm watching an alien abduction so it's a robot that secures itself onto a jar and unscrews it for you I'd be interested to see if it's powerful enough to unscrew ones that even I get stuck on $20 is what this was probably one of the cheapest robots you can get okay I have a jar which uh conventional means May struggle to open so if I'm not mistaken you place the robot on top and then press this button I guess I hold it down it's uh tightening its grip and the secondary hands are coming in to hold the glass itself straight this is wild oh man Tech is cool sometimes it's a little niche to give it a 10 but it does do exactly what it says on the the jar 9 out of 10 okay I think we're done there's a little suction button here which is meant to pick up any excess liquid we've tried so many question able things this video it's really hard to know especially on Tik Tok what's actually legitimate and what's not speaking of which I don't know if you've noticed this as well but the number of spam fishing emails I've been getting has literally gone through the roof recently I've literally been getting over 200 emails every single day and only like 20 are actually from legitimate sources and it's not like if you click the links in these you waste 5 Seconds of your life and you can just carry on with your day some of these links can very literally gain access to your entire machine your accounts every bit of data you own by silently downloading files without you even realizing oh God it's so gloopy hundreds of even Youtubers with proper two- Factor authentication have had their accounts hacked with this exact method so guardio is a tool that I've started using recently to combat that and while I add this layer of protection to my face let me tell you how to do the same with your accounts it's a browser extension that once installed will first do an initial scan it'll show you what threats you already have and once you start your 7-Day trial it will remove them I think I'm going to make myself comfortable like you come with guardio it's like a digital Shield that looks over you seamlessly in the background it scans all links before you click them it scans all files before you download them it traces the sources of all the intrusive notifications you're getting to make sure they're not actually coming from viruses and can clear them from the source we're in a time where scammers are Reinventing themselves every single day and genuine malware exists in very legitimate places like Facebook ads and Google ads so guardio will help you get your security up to scratch they're now offering us a free 7-Day trial as well as a 20% discount off the already quite affordable price especially considering that one account covers five separate users and that'll Auto apply you had to guard. iboss

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mrwhosetheboss [5000 likes]: I still can't get over the Banana Machine 😂
I can't believe how fast we're catching up with Apple in Subscribers - Thank you! ❤
  2. @thecolourfulpill: 19:17 I've seen several airbnbs and a hostel use these handels. It's honestly hella annoying to have to figure out how to open the hostel at 2AM, when you're tired and have never used one. We had to call the staff like three times (and it was somehow my fault 😭😭).
  3. @Brayw87: yea bro wheres that phone at u promised us
  4. @smokeh_voidz: Muffinjuice ahh video
  5. @BeatM_Videos: Sorry, but I'm Unsubscribing!   God doesn't like "Oh my god" comments when applied to earthly Tech. After all, He deserves the FULL credit for ALL the Tech built into His Universe! TikTok can't claim the praise....
  6. @martinbones681: I have never, ever, needed to store a can of soda. What would be useful is being able to repressurise a 2-liter bottle.
  7. @ArpanPanicker: The first Google Pixelbook is still my favorite laptop from a build perspective, with an insane slim profile,  an incredible keyboard, and the perfect glass touchpad. They never did that again. Really really hoping that the Googlebook is the sequel I've been waiting for!
  8. @JordanTidwell-s2n: I Love Mrwhosetheboss videos 🧡💜
  9. @TheBeardedRob: @Mrwhosetheboss

I know I’m late to the party but the door closer is actually a good use for offices, and children (because kids don’t wanna close doors for some reason haha) 

Cheers 2 years later 🎉
  10. @alexeymikitenko3618: 17:08 if it was also a thermos, it would sell out in a second the second this is in stock
  11. @IsmatReales: Anyone else here found this by accident and glad they did?
  12. @JackDaveyShaw: AAA and AA batteries are the same voltage, just AAA are smaller so hold a lower charge. If you put AAA batteries in a case that scales them to AA batteries they will just run out quicker than AA ones. Pretty pointless product when you could just buy the right batteries that fit...
  13. @lukasschaak: About the crunch cup. You put your tongue on the hole for the milk and first get some cereal in your mouth, than you open the hole for the milk and drink some of it. So that way you don't get soggy cereal
  14. @susu_karne_wala: Dude how many ads are in this video ong
  15. @Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbish: The banana filler should’ve been on the cursed tech video😂 tad suspect mate
  16. @cfcddfiugt9190: im reading all these comments and why has nobody mentioned him getting in the bath tub with jeans on..
  17. @FlameAbhi907: I use a chopper all the time
  18. @EDITtrap3: You used tap water for the nasal irrigation u could get an amoeba
  19. @sa4me4: WE need an 2026 version
  20. @ZachToo_Nice351: @mrwhoistheboss have you ever played brawl stars

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- How I Make Viral Time Traveling AI Videos In 1 Minute: Kind: captions Language: en So this time traveling AI videos are going viral right now getting millions of views. So let me tell you how to make them easily. Go to the prompts document, then copy the topics prompt and paste into chat GPT. Chat GPT will give you five viral ideas you can choose any from. Then get back to the prompts document. Now copy the video prompts and paste it into chat GPT again. Now in there you will see a blank. Here put the topic you chose earlier. Now click generate. It will then write five video prompts for the first five scenes. You can always message next to it and it will give the next five as well. Now to generate videos, go to Google Flow and select Google VO3 fast. Now copy the first full video prompt and paste it here. Then click generate. It will then generate the first scene. Now to generate continuous scene structure, click the generated video. Make sure extend option is selected, then paste the second prompt and click generate. Now it will generate the new video combining the first scene and newly generated second scene. You can keep extending and generating the scenes until full video is made. >> Okay, what the hell is happening right now? Bro, I swear this was not here a second ago. Wait. Oh my god. No, no, no, no. Is this the Titanic? >> If you want a premium guide of this niche with premium prompts and video editing method, join my coaching program from link in description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Genesis2somen [1 likes]: 2 years age I was invented this niche--- but reality is i was not take action and AI tools are not soo advanced as now.
  2. @SpeedLovesBurgers [1 likes]: Very nice watching you since so long but one thing make the script small
  3. @CoreHub0 [1 likes]: Thank you for the information, brother.
I want to ask you something: do you think YouTube will accept my content for monetization?
I hope you reply, and thank you again.
  4. @sairathod6233: Bro I have a idea.making  Video on wierd experiment of world using AI 😅
Can you make prompt and video on this topic
  5. @Matt_Reconstructs_History: Litarelly bad advice. 
Knowing the creator my self i know neither of theese programs were used...
  6. @TulsiramMittal: Brother, you are giving breakdown of all the channels for $29, or just for one channel.
  7. @Wisdom_survoval: YouTube chennal " zoozle " next video
  8. @brahmchariGyan0.2: नमस्कार मैं एक वॉइस और आर्टिस्ट हूं क्या मैं आपकी कोई मदद कर सकता हूं 🙏🙏
  9. @Worldwideschools195: Thankyou syrax
  10. @MerveilleMondele: You're going too fast

- Video Tiktok của bạn chưa viral vì thiếu lượt chia sẻ? Đây là cách tăng share cực nhanh 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Hello everyone, welcome back to Le D Hiep's channel! So today I'm going to guide you on how to increase video shares on TikTok. You're posting videos on TikTok, but you're not getting any shares, and not many people are seeing your videos. So how can you increase the number of shares for your videos on TikTok? Let's watch the tutorial video together ! Let me turn off these notifications. First, you need to go to the website and search for the keyword " leuyhip.com". Additionally, I've included the website link in the video description or in the comments section . You can go to the video's comments section, click on the link to go to the website. Okay, now I'm going to go to .com and press search . Once you've accessed the website, the interface will appear, similar to what you're seeing on the screen right now. Here, if you scroll down, you'll find the login and registration sections. I already have an account, so I'll log in right away. For those who don't have an account yet, please register . The registration process is very simple . I've already explained it in previous videos . Please refer to the previous videos for more information. Now I'm going to proceed with logging in. Okay. This is the homepage; once you've accessed the website, it includes many services. Besides TikTok, it will also have Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Telegram, and so on. So, if you need to increase the number of shares for your TikTok video, you should look for TikTok services. Then click on the "increase car x" share button . Okay. Once it gets to the sharing increase section, there will be many servers for you to choose from. But the first step you need to take is to get the link to the video you want to increase shares for, so you can paste it here and I can proceed with increasing the shares. Now I'm going to share this video on TikTok. Then click copy link. Okay. After copying the link, paste it into the link or ID section on the website. So, now I have the link I need to increase shares for. Now I'll choose server 2. The quantity is up to you. And the server too. Each server has a note attached. Please read the notes carefully before choosing a server. Here, I'll choose server 2. The number of servers is up to you. Since I'm making tutorial videos for you guys, I'll only choose a small number of videos. As for how much you want to increase it, that's up to you. Okay, now for the final step: creating the process and agreeing to it. Now, please wait for the connection to be successful. And so it was successfully launched. Process initiation successful. After successfully creating the order, simply click OK and the website will automatically switch to the order editing history section. In this order editing history section, you will find the order code and order status. Typically, orders will increase between 2:00 and 4:00. If the order isn't showing up, just double-check the order tracking section . Then, you can send the information via the Zalo, Messenger, or Telegram icons in the bottom right corner of the screen, and our staff will assist you if your order fails or doesn't go through. Okay. So, I've shown you how to increase shares for your videos on TikTok. I wish you all success. If you succeed, please leave a like and subscribe to watch my next tutorial videos. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. We will answer your questions. Okay. Hello everyone, see you in the next videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ldhmedia.agency: Video Tiktok của bạn chưa viral vì thiếu lượt chia sẻ? Đây là cách tăng share cực nhanh 2025

Link website: leduyhiep.com

Bạn đang đăng video TikTok đều đặn nhưng ít người chia sẻ, video không lan tỏa mạnh? Vấn đề không phải do thuật toán – mà là bạn chưa tối ưu đúng cách để kích thích lượt chia sẻ.

Trong video này, mình sẽ hướng dẫn cách biến người xem thành người chia sẻ video của bạn, bằng những chiến lược cực đơn giản nhưng hiệu quả.
Áp dụng mẹo này, nick thật vẫn lên xu hướng, view tăng không cần quảng cáo, đề xuất mạnh trên FYP.

👉 Học cách gắn CTA, xây dựng nội dung dễ chia sẻ, tối ưu caption và tạo hiệu ứng lan truyền tự nhiên!

#TikTokTips2025 #TangShareTikTok #VideoViralTikTok #ChiaseTikTok #NickThatTikTok #NoToolNoAds

- Cách Tăng Share YouTube 2026 - Bí Quyết Viral Video Kéo Lượt Chia Sẻ Chéo Nền Tảng: Kind: captions Language: en Increasing YouTube shares is a process of driving viewership. Press the share button to spread your video to other social media platforms such as Facebook, Zalo, or via Messenger. This is one of the most important metrics that helps the YouTube algorithm assess whether your video is high-quality and will be recommended. Therefore, increasing the number of shares will help your video gain more visibility, allowing it to reach new audiences. YouTube's algorithm prioritizes videos with high share counts, thereby increasing the likelihood of your video appearing on the homepage or in search results. To effectively increase sharing power, speed up progress, and boost your channel's ranking in recommendations, go to Savari or Google Chrome and type in the keyword "Green Marketing". I'll leave the website link in the description so you can find it yourself. Once you've accessed the website, please register for an account if you don't already have one. Once you're hooked, you'll create accounts one by one, including this username, email address, password, and other registrations. If you already have an account, just click log in. I already have an account here, so I'll log in directly. Okay . Once I've logged into my account and the service, I'll scroll to the YouTube service and select the "increase sharing" option. Then we proceed to get the link or ID to enter into the box (link or ID from the package) and select the server (there are 13 servers here, and each server has its own notes). Please read carefully before increasing the price. And then select the quantity. We will proceed to obtain the link so that we can increase this sharing. Then we'll go back to the YouTube app and choose a video that we want to boost. If I want to boost the rating for this video, I'll click on the three-dot button here. Select "Share this," then "Copy," and you'll have the video link you want to promote. Then, go back to the website and paste the link you just copied. Paste the link and we'll choose the server, guys. Click on the option that increases the value you want to increase. Then I increased the number of servers to 4, and I wanted to increase the number to 100, so I set the quantity to 100. I clicked "Create this process" and then clicked " Agree". Don't exit the game while it's running. Exiting will result in an error. When the order shows a green checkmark indicating success and the word "OK" like this, click OK. When you click OK, you will see the order history, this order code, the status, and the time the order was run. And in case your order isn't processed, please copy this order code and send it to our staff via Zalo or Messenger so they can assist you. I wish you all success. This video ends here . If you have any questions about our YouTube service, please leave a comment below, and we will be happy to answer them. Thank you very much.

- Viral 'no spend' challenge encourages saving amid high living costs: Kind: captions Language: en VACATION, RETIREMENT, OR PAYING OFF DEBT. VICKY NGUYEN HAS MORE. >> NO NEW CLOTHES, BOOKS, MAKEUP, HOME GOODS, NOTHING. >> Reporter: THE LATEST TREND CATCHING FIRE ON SOCIAL MEDIA. >> WHAT IF I SPENT NOTHING FOR THE NEXT SEVERAL DAYS? >> IT IS A GREEN DAY, WE DO NOT SPEND ANYTHING TODAY. >> Reporter: THE NO BITE CHALLENGE. TIP NUMBER ONE IS NO WINDOWSHOPPING WHATSOEVER. AN ONLINE COMMUNITY GETTING ATTENTION WITH MILLIONS OF VIEWS ON TIKTOK AND A THRIVING REDDIT COMMUNITY WITH THOSE TRYING TO RESIST THE URGE TO SPLURGE. >> WE SPENT AT LEAST $1000 EATING OUT EVERY SINGLE MONTH. THIS IS WHY WE ARE DOING THE NO SPEND CHALLENGE FOR THE MONTH OF JUNE. >> ANYTHING THAT GETS PEOPLE TO BE MORE THOUGHTFUL ABOUT THEIR SPENDING IS A GOOD THING, IF IT COMES FROM TIKTOK, THAT IS FINE. >> SOME BOWING TO GO A FULL YEAR BUYING NOTHING BUT ABSOLUTE ESSENTIALS, FOR GOING TO CLOSE, GADGETS, FANCY VACATIONS, AND EVEN DINNERS OUT. OTHERS DOING IT ONE MONTH AT A TIME. >> THE PITFALL IS MAYBE YOU MIGHT DO THAT FOR A WEEK, MAYBE TWO WEEKS, BUT WHEN IT IS OVER, YOU START REVENGE SPENDING. >> Reporter: IT COMES AT AN INTERESTING ECONOMIC MOMENT, A PANDEMIC ERA SPENDING BOOM THAT LEFT AMERICANS WITH $1 TRILLION IN CREDIT CARD DEBT FOR THE FIRST TIME LAST YEAR WITH DELINQUENCIES NOW ON THE RISE AND AN ECONOMY THAT IS LEAVING CONSUMERS WITH MIXED EMOTIONS. >> WHAT THE HEADLINE NUMBERS TELL YOU UNEMPLOYMENT IS REALLY LOW, THEY STOCK MARKET IS THAT A NEAR RECORD HIGH, WHAT PEOPLE FEEL PERSONALLY IS ACTUALLY NOT THAT GREAT WHEN THEY OPEN THEIR WALLETS TO BUY GROCERIES, WHEN FILLING UP THEIR GAS TANKS, WHEN PAYING THEIR MONTHLY BILLS. >> CONSUMER CONFIDENCE WAVERING AS MANY ARE STILL FEELING THE PINCH OF INFLATION ON THEIR WALLETS. MANY RETAILERS LIKE WALGREENS AND TARGET SLASHING PRICES ON EVERYDAY ITEMS, TRYING TO LURE SHOPPERS BACK. BUT FOR THESE NO SPENDERS, IT IS THE BIGGER, BIG-TICKET ITEMS THAT WILL HAVE TO WAIT. >> ANY EXTRA CASH THAT I HAVE, I KEEP AND PUT TOWARDS MY SAVINGS. >> AND VICKY GUYEN JOINING US NOW. I HAVE GOT TO SAY, VICKY, I AM A SPENDER, I'M A SHOPPER, AS MY HUSBAND KNOWS WELL. THIS DOES NOT SOUND FUN FOR ME. BUT I KNOW THAT THERE ARE SOME GROUPS OUT THERE, KIND OF SUPPORT GROUPS IN A WAY, THAT FOLKS ARE ACTUALLY TURNING TO AMIDST THIS NO SPEND TRENDS. >> YEAH, THE BUY NOTHING GROUP. THIS STARTED BACK IN 2013 BY TWO WOMEN, LISA CLARK AND REBECCA ROCKEFELLER, AS A SOCIAL EXPERIMENT. THEY WANTED TO KNOW, COULD WE SPEND NO MONEY, HELP THE ENVIRONMENT, AND GET EVERYTHING WE NEED? FAST FORWARD TO NOW, 8000 BY NOTHING GROUPS ACROSS THE WORLD, AND I WILL TELL YOU WHAT, EVERYBODY WHO IS A PART OF ONE OF THESE GROUPS, IT COULD BE YOU, TOO, IS OBSESSED. THEY SAY THE MAGIC HAPPENS WHEN YOU PUT AN ASK OUT FOR SOMETHING. I NEED A LACROSSE STICK FOR MY KID, YOU WOULD BE SHOCKED AT HOW MANY PEOPLE HAVE THINGS THAT CAN HELP YOU IN THIS CIRCULAR ECONOMY. THERE IS A LOT OF STUFF OUT THERE, AND SOME MIGHT ARGUE THERE LOT OF STUFF OUT THERE AND SOME MIGHT ARGUE THERE IS ENOUGH STUFF OUT THERE AND IF YOU JUST ASK IN YOUR COMMUNITIES. THERE IS NO EXPECTATION OF TRADING. YOU ARE ALSO BUILDING THESE ARE LOCAL GROUPS. THERE ARE ALL THESE FRINGE BENEFITS IN ADDITI

  Top Comments:
  1. @twinktoiletsbestfriendsmomscan [2 likes]: Why is it only women in this video????
  2. @stejanhulett6265 [1 likes]: Not to be that guy but do yall notice it's all women 😅
  3. @complexproblems [1 likes]: On planet Earth, we are constantly encouraged to buy, consume, discard, and then start all over again. Regardless of upheavals, we remain highly targeted and malleable advertising subjects. All ads are very welcome. In a word, it's the Middle Ages. Too bad for the climate.
  4. @AngelaVlahos [1 likes]: why are people telling us to budget groceries and eat less. selfish.
  5. @shellysmith1037 [1 likes]: I'm so disappointed in the reckless spending of the Biden admin.    They only know one thing 'borrow and spend, borrow and spend'.      devalue the dollar much....
  6. @ravent3016: One year later - things have only gotten worse
  7. @giovanahc: How did I miss this!!!
  8. @Corbr_117: Nothing to spend my money on , i use to spend it on weed and food but iam pn orders now snd cant smoke so it just food .
  9. @sno777: An economist's worst nightmare 😂
  10. @TheJokeKiller: "We spent 1000 a month eating out" !?!?!?!? GIRL
  11. @jaynesla9044: I'm doing a 3 year
  12. @darakristi: A lot of you are missing the point. Yes, many people do this out of necessity, not out of a trend. I myself have been positively influenced by this “trend” on TikTok. I am 29 years old and have followed influencers since I was 14, before the term “influencer” was used regularly. It caused me to expect perpetually manicured nails, new clothes for each season, seasonal decor, etc. My parents could not afford these things for me growing up except on special occasions, but when I became financially independent, I went crazy and accrued a sizable amount of credit card debt because I wanted to obtain all of the things my parents couldn’t afford to give me. These spending challenges from people in similar circumstances as me have encouraged me to be mindful of my spending and treat myself in meaningful ways rather than spending impulsively. I have tackled half of my debt so far. All this to say that yes this is a trend, and yes it resonates with some people.
  13. @heilaw7002: Its smart when actual interest rate is positive . But when interest rate is close to 0. You are saving your hard earned money into the toilet
  14. @happycook6737: $1k per month on eating out? 😱 I simply can't imagine doing that. I wonder what she spends in other areas like cosmetics.
  15. @royalpitamamma: I will be impressed when they stop buying food....but find a way to survive.  I have been there before.
  16. @lifewithzoeh4680: Coming from a country (Dominican Republic) where this is called normal life so I don’t understand why is so shocking to Americans and they called “Challenge”😅
  17. @laurenashley7: Birthdays and Christmas we have been making things when we can to give. Sometimes it's not the best for time management with a large family though
  18. @ustruthfullyspeaking: Cut back on unnecessary expenditures and use that money toward a gym membership. The sheer number of overweight children astounds me every time I go grocery shopping.  Feeding them must be quite expensive.
  19. @Bruh90000: This is not do much a challenge but out of financial necessity and boycotting corrupt corporations.
  20. @TuxBearlux: 🇺🇸 Americans taxpayers are paying for illegals free public education, healthcare, housing and food. Meanwhile illegals set up food stalls on the streets paying zero tax 😂 ❤❤❤

- What really matters at the end of life | BJ Miller | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Well, we all need a reason to wake up. For me, it just took 11,000 volts. I know you're too polite to ask, so I will tell you. One night, sophomore year of college, just back from Thanksgiving holiday, a few of my friends and I were horsing around, and we decided to climb atop a parked commuter train. It was just sitting there, with the wires that run overhead. Somehow, that seemed like a great idea at the time. We'd certainly done stupider things. I scurried up the ladder on the back, and when I stood up, the electrical current entered my arm, blew down and out my feet, and that was that. Would you believe that watch still works? Takes a licking! (Laughter) My father wears it now in solidarity. That night began my formal relationship with death -- my death -- and it also began my long run as a patient. It's a good word. It means one who suffers. So I guess we're all patients. Now, the American health care system has more than its fair share of dysfunction -- to match its brilliance, to be sure. I'm a physician now, a hospice and palliative medicine doc, so I've seen care from both sides. And believe me: almost everyone who goes into healthcare really means well -- I mean, truly. But we who work in it are also unwitting agents for a system that too often does not serve. Why? Well, there's actually a pretty easy answer to that question, and it explains a lot: because healthcare was designed with diseases, not people, at its center. Which is to say, of course, it was badly designed. And nowhere are the effects of bad design more heartbreaking or the opportunity for good design more compelling than at the end of life, where things are so distilled and concentrated. There are no do-overs. My purpose today is to reach out across disciplines and invite design thinking into this big conversation. That is, to bring intention and creativity to the experience of dying. We have a monumental opportunity in front of us, before one of the few universal issues as individuals as well as a civil society: to rethink and redesign how it is we die. So let's begin at the end. For most people, the scariest thing about death isn't being dead, it's dying, suffering. It's a key distinction. To get underneath this, it can be very helpful to tease out suffering which is necessary as it is, from suffering we can change. The former is a natural, essential part of life, part of the deal, and to this we are called to make space, adjust, grow. It can be really good to realize forces larger than ourselves. They bring proportionality, like a cosmic right-sizing. After my limbs were gone, that loss, for example, became fact, fixed -- necessarily part of my life, and I learned that I could no more reject this fact than reject myself. It took me a while, but I learned it eventually. Now, another great thing about necessary suffering is that it is the very thing that unites caregiver and care receiver -- human beings. This, we are finally realizing, is where healing happens. Yes, compassion -- literally, as we learned yesterday -- suffering together. Now, on the systems side, on the other hand, so much of the suffering is unnecessary, invented. It serves no good purpose. But the good news is, since this brand of suffering is made up, well, we can change it. How we die is indeed something we can affect. Making the system sensitive to this fundamental distinction between necessary and unnecessary suffering gives us our first of three design cues for the day. After all, our role as caregivers, as people who care, is to relieve suffering -- not add to the pile. True to the tenets of palliative care, I function as something of a reflective advocate, as much as prescribing physician. Quick aside: palliative care -- a very important field but poorly understood -- while it includes, it is not limited to end of life care. It is not limited to hospice. It's simply about comfort and living well at any stage. So please know that you don't have to be dying anytime soon to benefit from palliative care. Now, let me introduce you to Frank. Sort of makes this point. I've been seeing Frank now for years. He's living with advancing prostate cancer on top of long-standing HIV. We work on his bone pain and his fatigue, but most of the time we spend thinking out loud together about his life -- really, about our lives. In this way, Frank grieves. In this way, he keeps up with his losses as they roll in, so that he's ready to take in the next moment. Loss is one thing, but regret, quite another. Frank has always been an adventurer -- he looks like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting -- and no fan of regret. So it wasn't surprising when he came into clinic one day, saying he wanted to raft down the Colorado River. Was this a good idea? With all the risks to his safety and his health, some would say no. Many did, but he went for it, while he still could. It was a glorious, marvelous trip: freezing water, blistering dry heat, scorpions, snakes, wildlife howling off the flaming walls of the Grand Canyon -- all the glorious side of the world beyond our control. Frank's decision, while maybe dramatic, is exactly the kind so many of us would make, if we only had the support to figure out what is best for ourselves over time. So much of what we're talking about today is a shift in perspective. After my accident, when I went back to college, I changed my major to art history. Studying visual art, I figured I'd learn something about how to see -- a really potent lesson for a kid who couldn't change so much of what he was seeing. Perspective, that kind of alchemy we humans get to play with, turning anguish into a flower. Flash forward: now I work at an amazing place in San Francisco called the Zen Hospice Project, where we have a little ritual that helps with this shift in perspective. When one of our residents dies, the mortuary men come, and as we're wheeling the body out through the garden, heading for the gate, we pause. Anyone who wants -- fellow residents, family, nurses, volunteers, the hearse drivers too, now -- shares a story or a song or silence, as we sprinkle the body with flower petals. It takes a few minutes; it's a sweet, simple parting image to usher in grief with warmth, rather than repugnance. Contrast that with the typical experience in the hospital setting, much like this -- floodlit room lined with tubes and beeping machines and blinking lights that don't stop even when the patient's life has. Cleaning crew swoops in, the body's whisked away, and it all feels as though that person had never really existed. Well-intended, of course, in the name of sterility, but hospitals tend to assault our senses, and the most we might hope for within those walls is numbness -- anesthetic, literally the opposite of aesthetic. I revere hospitals for what they can do; I am alive because of them. But we ask too much of our hospitals. They are places for acute trauma and treatable illness. They are no place to live and die; that's not what they were designed for. Now mind you -- I am not giving up on the notion that our institutions can become more humane. Beauty can be found anywhere. I spent a few months in a burn unit at St. Barnabas Hospital in Livingston, New Jersey, where I got really great care at every turn, including good palliative care for my pain. And one night, it began to snow outside. I remember my nurses complaining about driving through it. And there was no window in my room, but it was great to just imagine it coming down all sticky. Next day, one of my nurses smuggled in a snowball for me. She brought it in to the unit. I cannot tell you the rapture I felt holding that in my hand, and the coldness dripping onto my burning skin; the miracle of it all, the fascination as I watched it melt and turn into water. In that moment, just being any part of this planet in this universe mattered more to me than whether I lived or died. That little snowball packed all the inspiration I needed to both try to live and be OK if I did not. In a hospital, that's a stolen moment. In my work over the years, I've known many people who were ready to go, ready to die. Not because they had found some final peace or transcendence, but because they were so repulsed by what their lives had become -- in a word, cut off, or ugly. There are already record numbers of us living with chronic and terminal illness, and into ever older age. And we are nowhere near ready or prepared for this silver tsunami. We need an infrastructure dynamic enough to handle these seismic shifts in our population. Now is the time to create something new, something vital. I know we can because we have to. The alternative is just unacceptable. And the key ingredients are known: policy, education and training, systems, bricks and mortar. We have tons of input for designers of all stripes to work with. We know, for example, from research what's most important to people who are closer to death: comfort; feeling unburdened and unburdening to those they love; existential peace; and a sense of wonderment and spirituality. Over Zen Hospice's nearly 30 years, we've learned much more from our residents in subtle detail. Little things aren't so little. Take Janette. She finds it harder to breathe one day to the next due to ALS. Well, guess what? She wants to start smoking again -- and French cigarettes, if you please. Not out of some self-destructive bent, but to feel her lungs filled while she has them. Priorities change. Or Kate -- she just wants to know her dog Austin is lying at the foot of her bed, his cold muzzle against her dry skin, instead of more chemotherapy coursing through her veins -- she's done that. Sensuous, aesthetic gratification, where in a moment, in an instant, we are rewarded for just being. So much of it comes down to loving our time by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the very thing doing the living and the dying. Probably the most poignant room in the Zen Hospice guest house is our kitchen, which is a little strange when you realize that so many of our residents can eat very little, if anything at all. But we realize we are providing sustenance on several levels: smell, a symbolic plane. Seriously, with all the heavy-duty stuff happening under our roof, one of the most tried and true interventions we know of, is to bake cookies. As long as we have our senses -- even just one -- we have at least the possibility of accessing what makes us feel human, connected. Imagine the ripples of this notion for the millions of people living and dying with dementia. Primal sensorial delights that say the things we don't have words for, impulses that make us stay present -- no need for a past or a future. So, if teasing unnecessary suffering out of the system was our first design cue, then tending to dignity by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the aesthetic realm -- is design cue number two. Now this gets us quickly to the third and final bit for today; namely, we need to lift our sights, to set our sights on well-being, so that life and health and healthcare can become about making life more wonderful, rather than just less horrible. Beneficence. Here, this gets right at the distinction between a disease-centered and a patient- or human-centered model of care, and here is where caring becomes a creative, generative, even playful act. "Play" may sound like a funny word here. But it is also one of our highest forms of adaptation. Consider every major compulsory effort it takes to be human. The need for food has birthed cuisine. The need for shelter has given rise to architecture. The need for cover, fashion. And for being subjected to the clock, well, we invented music. So, since dying is a necessary part of life, what might we create with this fact? By "play" I am in no way suggesting we take a light approach to dying or that we mandate any particular way of dying. There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there. Rather, I am asking that we make space -- physical, psychic room, to allow life to play itself all the way out -- so that rather than just getting out of the way, aging and dying can become a process of crescendo through to the end. We can't solve for death. I know some of you are working on this. Meanwhile, we can -- We can design towards it. Parts of me died early on, and that's something we can all say one way or another. I got to redesign my life around this fact, and I tell you it has been a liberation to realize you can always find a shock of beauty or meaning in what life you have left, like that snowball lasting for a perfect moment, all the while melting away. If we love such moments ferociously, then maybe we can learn to live well -- not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @deisycastellanos3819 [1 likes]: Ayudenle a mejorar su calidad de vida y que sea feliz ❤
  2. @brichardson131 [1 likes]: One minute in and you run an ad for an electric car from Toyota. Have you no decency?
  3. @annpettit8837: wow tears...well done sir
  4. @priyankaarjun: ❤
  5. @nancybaez7240: Wow  God Bless him.  So peaceful, so kind, so full of life..
  6. @1abracadabra11: let death be what takes us not lack of imagination.   Beautiful Thank you
  7. @WadingIntoRetirement: Very powerful.....
  8. @lucykraal2225: Your eyes make me wanna 😭 God bless you and your family ❤
  9. @faceious2006: The only thing that will matter ar the end of your life is that you voted for Donald J Trump.
  10. @Gina-x5j: He is so authentic ❤,  it is the little things of life
  11. @milesreading9585: Yawn …. What are you talking about???
  12. @pakababy3710: Your snowball story moved me. When I was hospitalized over Christmas in '95 for 11 days due to a ruptured appendix causing peritonitis, some girl scouts came in and gave me a Christmas "card" made of popsicle sticks and Christmas wrapping paper. I can't tell you how much that small gesture meant to me at the time.
  13. @MichaelNewman-c5b: Why im a jewy Buddhist.    Rock steady good Doctor, great Being!
  14. @Dynamoe1836: His teary eyes tell me everything I need to know, and that I already know.  And we all do too.
  15. @jonredd650: In the end with really matters 😢
  16. @savithpanamgama2107: Poetry
  17. @nala3038: In the end, it's not about how much time we have... it's about what we do with it.
  18. @FruitByCake: Here listening in 2026
  19. @ChomitiBura: From suffering we can change 
Really bro i never think about it really
  20. @ChomitiBura: We need this kind of people

- We Attempt Viral TikTok Challenges | The Challenge Pit: Kind: captions Language: en - Lets go! Welcome to the challenge pit. Today we're going to be doing some viral TikTok challenges that we have found. It's going to be crazy! First challenge, sticky hand challenge. If you have sticky hands don't wash them. There is a quarter in the middle of this table. All of us have a sticky hand. When we say go, all of us start smacking our hands on this table. First one to grab the quarter with their sticky hand wins. Best out of five. Its going to go quick. - Just everyone full on? - Yeah. - Full force. - Oh my God I'm so scared! (arena count down) (screams) - Oh no! No! - Dang it! No! - (dramatic explosion) - I win! - Whoo hoo! Nice! - So Amanda has one point. - They don't know my strategy! - Wait back it up back it up! Back up! - Yeah, back it up! - Maybe you didn't jump the gun. - And we can do it any type of method? - Any method. - Any method you want! - Stick and suck method, look it up. - Eeeeww! - Gross! (arena countdown) - No! No! (group screams) - Angela got it. - Let go of my hand, sir! Let go of my hand! - Angela that was incredible! - You guys! - Oh oh oh wait! No no no no no! - He stepped forward! Refs I want a replay on that! - Here show the camera this. (upbeat music plays) - Eeew eeew eeew eew ew! No it's getting worse! - Which one is mine and which one is yours? - Mine is purple. - Eeeewww there's hair - It's probably mine! - Oh yeah, there we go You girls tangled me up in your web. - Oh! - No no no no! - Get off! Get off! No! - I did it! I'm perching! I'm perching! - It was actually me but I'll give her the point. - No it was Angela I saw it. - Yeah I saw it. - Angela has two, Keith has one, Amanda has one. - I have zero. - ... zero. - Honestly one of you needs to get a point so that Angela does not win. - I got you. - Alright I'll play defense for you guys. - Back up back up back up! - It's a three way! - No it was me and Angela! - Okay that was a foul, it doesn't count, it was weird. - Everybody stop Angela. - Lets go. - Come on come on come on! - No no no! No! - Have you ever seen anything like it?!?! - Do you have a lot of experience with sticky hands? - Shut up!!! - Alright, Angela won that with three points. Absolutely dominated it. Next challenge - Portmanteau. The rules of Portmanteu are simple, and you will understand it once we start playing. We will hear the clues to a Frankenstein word or phrase, and the first person to figure it out buzzes in and says it. If they're wrong, other people get a chance to buzz in. Alright lets begin. - Alright. - [Announcer] A gamers favorite soda, plus a doctors number one oath. (buzzer chimes) - [Announcer] Shane. - Mountain Dew right... (incorrect beep) - What in the world? - Oh frick. - Mountain Dew no wrong? Mountain Dew it. - Do it, Nike do it for doctors? - [Announcer] Olivia. - Mountain Dew not disturb. - [Announcer] No. - [Announcer] Amanda. - Mountain don't smoke. - I should've just waited, Mountain Dew no harm. (correct ding) - [Announcer] Yes, correct. - I would've never guessed that. - [Announcer] D&D video game plus, what marijuana may be considered. - Baldur's Gate way drug. - I knew it! (all applaud) - It's funny that Shane's getting all of these because I feel like a deer in the headlights. Like wooo. - Yeah it's hard! - I shouldn't have dropped out of school. - [Announcer] Criminal SLC housewife plus hetero wedding that happens while the bride is pregnant. - [Announcer] Ian. - Gin shotgun wedding. - Shut the f*** up!!! - Are you serious?!? - That's the happiest I've ever been for you. - That was really good. - [Announcer] Infamous transracial icon plus Meghan Trainor's breakout single (crickets chirping) - Oh oh hold on, you said transracial? Oh oh oh oh I know her! I know her! - Oh wait what's the second one? - I got it. - What's the second one? - Rachel Dolez all about that bass. - [Announcer] Correct. (all cheer and applaud) - Yeah! I knew that one! - Good job! - You add a little race in there and I'm like I know that one! - Someone was talking about Rachel Dolezol recently, she was like a teacher in Tucson or something? - Yeah and she has an Only Fans page that I do not follow, but I did see the pictures. - But you do know about. - Yeah I've seen it. - [Announcer] Famed Seaworld orca plus bored AF recurring game. - [Announcer] Angela. - Shamu master, moose master, Shamoose master. - Lets go! - That's good! That's really good! - Is this what it's like? - You start floating. - [Announcer] She's going to heaven! - F*** yeah! - [Announcer] Smosh sketch following monarchs of ancient Egypt attending school, plus whiskey cocktail. - This sounds bad. - Pharaoh high ball? - F*** you! I was going to guess that! - I was going to guess high noon. - My brain does not work that fast. - I was going to say pharaoh high old fashion! - We love pharaoh high! - [Announcer] Los Angeles valley city, plus an incel's cliche saying. - Incels?? - [Announcer] Angela? - Rese duh. (incorrect buzz) - Is it San Fernand no fap? - No! - What?? - These are incredible. - Is it Enci no fap? - Damn! - Wait, we can do this we can do this. - Got to be more general maybe. - Calabas sus? (group laughs) - Incels don't say sus. - Catch phrase? - Wait this is so fun though! - I'm glad I don't immediately know the incel catch phrase. - [Announcer] Amanda? - Woodland Hills ex? - North Holly would never go out with a girl. - We've got to keep these going, these are brilliant. - Um, what about Valley village? (crew laughs) - And the second part? - What about what about, Van Nuys these nuts. - Is it Van Nuys guys finish last? - Don't say that. - I think incels are passed that point honestly. - [Announcer] Fiction bestseller from R.F Kuang, plus place you'd sell your old couch. - Yellow Facebook. - Dang it! - Marketplace. (group laughs and applauds) - Who said you weren't fast? - That was good. - Thanks! - Poppy war Facebook Marketplace. - Book jokes. - Yep. - [Announcer] Smosh retrospective series, plus I want it that way singers. - Flashback street boys. - I'm just not good at this game. And I'm going to accept that. - It's so fun when you figure it out though I will say that. - [Announcer] Smosh's golden boy, plus Tom Cruise flies a plane 2022. - Shayne Topp gun. - Whoa that's great! - [Announcer] 2022. - Maverick. - Okay. - Say Top Gun Maverick. - [Announcer] Angela has one point. (applause) Keith has one point. - Don't know how I got that! - [Announcer] Shane has four points. Olivia has one point. And Ian has three points. - On technicality. - I have a good heart. - [Announcer] Crew member that has been at Smosh for a decade, plus dad shoes. - Spencer Agnew balance. - Oh my gosh! - What is happening?! - I would never get that. - And he wears New Balance too. (little giggle) - [Announcer] Show hosted by Judge Marilyn Milian, plus Brianna Boho IRL. (lost connection sound plays) Amanda? - No I don't know yet. - There's that deer. - Couples courtney miller? - [Announcer] Wrong show but you're on the right track. - People's courtney miller? - [Announcer] Correct! (group cheers) - Wow! - Thank you for that Angela! - [Announcer] Ian's arch nemesis from Lunch Time with Smosh, plus singer of Drivers License. - Oh... wait. - His nemesis? - Did you press it already Ian? - No. - Anthony Padill Olivia Rodrigo? - [Announcer] First part is incorrect, second part is correct. - Wait, because I thought my arch... Oh I guess that does work. - Barbershop P Olivia Rodrigo. - For some reason I couldn't put that... It wasn't connecting for me for some reason. - [Announcer] This place is a freaking hell scape character, plus final boss in Minecraft. - The Chos ender dragon. (group applauds) - Extremely chosen of you to answer that. - [Announcer] Popular Netflix dating show, plus song by The Weeknd. Shane. - Love is blinding lights. - That's not fair. - Why? - Because The Weeknd is black. - I told you! - I got you! - Thank you baby girl. - [Announcer] Smosh comedic improv series, plus online buy now, pay later service. - They're all kind of improv? - Try not to pay per view. - [Announcer] Incorrect. - That's so easy! - Try not to laugh ter pay. - After pay! - I was really hoping it would be clarna. - Me too! - I just want to say clarna. - Clarna! - [Announcer] Taller half of the Smosh cast in purgatory, plus band responsible for the song 1985. - Is it Tommy Bowie? - Oh my God! Oh my God! - Tommy bowling for soup. - I don't even know what that means! - [Announcer] Mario party Smosh game series, plus December 21st. - Don't win...ter. Mario party don't winter. - Don't winters harvest? - I don't know. - Don't winter solstice. - Nice. - Keep up on your pagan holidays, come on. - [Announcer] Alright, last one. Pink frosted sprinkled donut, plus sci-fi series from the early 2000's. - Oh food battle star galactica. - That was a nice one dude! - Hey Amanda, how do you feel Amanda? - Um, yeah I'm at zero still, feeling good! Learning a lot from Shane here, and everybody at this table. - [Announcer] We have a tie between Shane and Ian. - So I win! No. - [Announcer] So we're going to do a tie breaker. (both grunting) - [Announcer] Lead voice actor of the anime My Happy Marriage, plus toy company that created My Little Pony. - F***! - I'm sorry, I did buzz pretty soon. - Who buzzed first? - It's Damian Haas bro. - Wow! Good job! - That's what I'm talking about! - Well done. - Well fought. - Wow look at that! - Uh I Feel good. - Of course you do! - Yeah you won. - I won so I feel pretty good! - Amanda how are you feeling? - My car is on the way to pick me up, it was fun, I'm going to head out peacefully. - Was surprised that I got two, Amanda, sorry. - Yeah I know. - It's the buzzers! - Final challenge. Drink match. Drink match is simple. We will go one at a time, take one of six of these drinks. We will place them on this and try to, with our minds, just our psychic powers, match it to where it is down there. If we get it correct, we get to take the dollar bill here. At the end, whoever has the most money wins. (all cheer) - Everyone turn around! - And everybody else has to turn around while other people go. - Okay! Don't make crazy noises! - I'm going to read into the noises. - Yes! - Okay thank you very much. - Good luck Keith. - So like wouldn't Keith know where she just put it? - No, we can't see. - I wasn't paying attention, I don't have eyes on the back of my head, Olivia. - Are you looking? - No she puts it back. - Oh hell no. - This first one is going to be the toughest. - It's your turn Angela. - Oh I feel it. Maybe I can feel what's watery, and what's cold. - You don't know which one they put there. - F*** off! - She's trying. - Literally this is going to take an hour. - Suck my ass. - No you're incorrect! - I'm just going to do it, I'm just going to say it. - Did you guys hear that? - Wait, you got it right? - Oh take the money? - Yeah take the money and run. - Okay so obviously we've got this one. - Dammit! Shit! Crap! - Oh boy. - Oh yeah I was going to go with that too. But that one goes there. - HA HA! - Alright you got this Amanda! (yells) - This is really difficult I'm just going to go here. - Oh shit... - What was cold? What's cold? Its icy! Then some of these look like they've been moved. - You said incorrect? I heard correct. (whooshing) - Shut up! - Oh my money! My fake money! - Wait what? - Olivia literally has eyes in the back of her head. - Oh my goodness. - Whoa. - Take that hundo. - I guess the powers are not within you. - Shut up idiot! - I can't really solve this problem I just have to guess. - That's some bullshit. - I want to feel it. - That does not make sense. - BECAUSE THEY'RE COLD! - Oh God! - John Derousa's vagina is called a Shawndo?? - I have to go for this. Nope sorry... Incorrect. - You just got moonlighted! - BAILEY!!! - This one doesn't feel very cold. - This one was wet. - See! See bitches I'm telling you. - She's not doing it right. - Okay okay I think I got it. - Aw shit bitch this is some bullshit. - Who is cold now bitches?! - Oh she is really going through it up there. - No it's my turn! - Oh my fake money! - And I get free points. - Let me get my money. - Damn my first guess was putting that right there. I should've put it there. - Hey guys Angela Geratana, 5"5 $20. - My name is Keith Lee Jr. and I look good, and I'm dressed like money, but I don't have any. Zero Dollars. - Amanda Lee Anne Canto uh health is wealth. - Shane Tapa I got 50 points because it was the only thing left so it's kind of on a technicality. - I like that you call money points. - Yeah that's how I view it. - Ian Hecox and I got a Benji. - Oh baby. - Okay Olivia Sway and I have $160. - Okay alright. - We have a three way tie, which means we are going to a tie breaker. It is time for the tie breaker. It is Olivia, Angela, and myself. We are going to play this game again, except there's only three of us, so it's going to be even more intense. I did really bad at this, so hopefully my luck turns around right now. - Alright, you know what Olivia, I feel like it's only fair you go first. - Should we turn? - We turn but then you go first. - Okay oh God. - This is what I have to do before. - Oh now I get to watch you work. Awesome. - So close so close Olivia, so close. - They're all cold, I did the cold technique. - No no, that one wasn't as cold. - Do your own technique. - Its my technique girl! - No no no. - Ian stop. - But that is incorrect. - I just said no when he picked up the drink. - This one has been moved. - Oh God. - Now I get to watch all their techniques. - This feels cold. - For sure. - See this feels not touched yet. - F*** you. - So close so close Angela, so close. - Alright now do your own technique Olivia, because I want to see it. Oh great, its just that? - So close. - She just puts her hand on it and puts it on there? - I didn't get it right. - I'm just going to do this, I'm just going to go down the line. - Dammit okay. - Not really. - Why do they keep saying so close? - He said "down the line" which means he's already... - She's listening for the boba to speak. - Angela is chemically imbalanced, I'm convinced. - Let me tell you something, you are jealous. You wish you were this unstable. Okay I'm going to go with this. Correct. - So close! - You just say that to everyone? - No I just say it when they're close! - Dude he's throwing me off. - Come on! - Shut the f*** up! - I'm surprised you, why don't you go for the $100 guys? - It's not about the money, it's about the game. - That's fair. - Okay this helps me, this helps me because now I do this. - Okay, it didn't help me. - That's fine! - You were close though! You were so close! - You got it! - See, someone put theirs there. - Incorrect - I swear to God. - You're not connecting right now Oliv. You got to connect man, I can tell. That's crazy. - Okay okay okay. - How have I don't that that's insane. - Shane Shane Shane you were so close. - Yeah I know I was! - Blow on my hand. - If either of you steal this from me, I'm going to be so sad. - Alright Angela just think. Just think. - Just think! - This one is cold. - Angela just feel it. - Something is wrong. - I put the green there. I'm going to look at everyone's faces in the room. - She took mine didn't she? - You're blowing on my hand every time! You're blowing on my hand every time! - That is so f***ed up! That is so f***ed up! - You were so close. - How did I manage to do that? - You want me to blow on your hand Olivia? - No... - Alright! Your loss kid. - Whoa whoa whoa! - Should've had me blow on your hand Liv. It would've gotten the job done. - I knew it was going to happen. I knew the answer. That was the last one left, and now I get to restart this whole shit show. - Go ahead, you can say it. - Do exactly what you did last time. - I'll suck it up! I sucked it back! I sucked it back! I took it back. - I always say that one is the cold one. - No Angela take your time, we're not reading Reddit stories after this. - Incorrect. - You got in my head dude! - Yeah grip your money that'll help. - You get more money. - You want me to blow on your hand? - That doesn't help me either, that was the one, this is insane. - Shane it's going to be okay. - Just okay yeah so... - We're good. We're good. - Did you get it? - You did the same thing as Shane. - Alright Olivia let's see what you can do. - Are you f***ing serious? - You got it Olivia I'm sorry I have to do it for you. - That is so crazy. - Alright so game is over. So we're playing for fun now. - Olivia just goes with her gut. - We're playing to humiliate us. - Come on Shane, it's not like we have Reddit stories after this. - So close Shane. - What happened what happened? - He didn't get it. - What did he do wrong? - Oh my God the best thing that could've happened. - Shane do you even remember what color that was? - I don't even f***ing know anymore. - F*** yeah bitch! - But it leaves Olivia to win this. - Yeah take the last one Olivia. - Well I don't know. Um okay. - $150. - $180 - Shane? - Olivia you are the winner of this episode of challenge pit. - What??? - You crushed it, you crushed it. - Winning through some sort of strange intuition, our champion is Olivia. Thank you guys for watching, congratulations Olivia. And let us know what other challenges you want us to play on this show. And we'll see you next time. Good bye! - [All] Bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @murasaki_neko11 [2 likes]: I love how Shayne points directly to the right spot of the green drink at 13:45 right before he said they'd have to use their psychic powers lmao
  2. @jessebeegee [2 likes]: 25:24 this tiebreaker was so set up towards olivia winning it feels unfair
  3. @gyrate598 [1 likes]: 9:11 made me laugh so hard 😂
  4. @DirtyMikeWithoutTheBoyz: Gosh Olivia is just so beautiful
  5. @mewmewkall: 1. Its stinky hands after that one vid 😂 2. There was 2 3 ways so they get a point as a opps we did it again possible meme when chaos just dominates a vid or a win lol 3. I love how all the sticky hands are on the wall as shane acts like he had no part in that 😂😂😂😂😂 js
  6. @Zaqwsx1: Olivia has great hair
  7. @bears5868: I always know that the video will be interesting when Ian is there💀
  8. @OfficialJacobYoung: As if Olivia needed more money.
  9. @annaa.3310: 3:34 I can’t stop staring at the purple sticky hand on the wall 😂
  10. @WeAreAllStangers: 16:55 ANGELA WHAT
  11. @cusemoneyman: 15:29 iykyk
  12. @haleyblack2878: taylor cheated
  13. @Sada-xg9ew: 12:57 just learned Damien voiced two characters of my favorite anime’s and I’m floored so happy to rewatch and hear his amazing acting. 😂😂❤❤❤❤
  14. @TopHeauxmeaux: "Winning through some sort of strange intuition.." is GOLDEN coming from Shayne Topp of all people.
  15. @kiarasimone123: Tbf Angela does seem like the kid who always had sticky hands😂
  16. @elizabethsacha7336: During Portmanteau, was anyone else scratching their phone screen thinking the lil dangly thing on the wall was on their phone? 😂
  17. @psychedelicate: now i want boba. that looks delicious
  18. @psychedelicate: i loved Keith's entire method
  19. @Rainesto5m: It does feel good when you correctly guess one of the mashups!
  20. @kalinachanel: Hey, I know it’s been a year, but can I drink that boba please?

- Busting VIRAL TikTok Life Hacks!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Today we're busting some internet myths. Let's start. This is so perfect. It looks frozen. We have to make the hole smaller, not bigger. So like this. Wow. No, no, no, no, no. Wait. Just pop it. You have to do it quickly. Wow. Did not work. Oh, here it looks realistic. Okay, we're going to do it again. 3 2 1. Wow, it looks like it's closing from here. A little bit like from here. Oh, it's so perfect now. It's real. Wo! We all know that Cola gives a really good reaction, but we'll see. Does anybody of these three give better reaction than Cola? I'm taking Pepsi. I'm being spite. This is so Can I eat it? No. Give me. We all have six menuses to put into our sodas. So, I'm going to start. She just shaked it. No. Drink it. Drink it. No, you have to put them really fast because 3, two, one, go. You missed all of them. Wa. This was nice. Last mantis. Three, two, one. Okay, take your hands up. The thing is flying. Last one is the normal cold. Wow, this was good. So, this means that multiple thumb sticks do not pop the balloon. Let's check would the balloon pop from one thumb stick. I'm fine like this. Ramy, no. For mine, we can do one and then for yours both we do a lot. Oh man. Now we have to put all of these straight up there. Open it up. I will stand here. Oh my god. Where are the What? What? It works. Now I want Ramy to get his balloon and try to more pressure into it. No, don't do that. Just like this. Oh, how's it? This myth actually works. Wo, the water didn't fall out. Okay, let's just try. We have three bottles with three different tops to like see which ones work. Who's first? Me. Here's our professional scientist working. Okay, maybe it didn't work because it was too big. We'll still find out. And oh my god, it works. Wo! Wow! Wow! That's actually cool. Wow! There's no way it's not no single drop. It works, but only with small holes. On small holes. Let's get it. Let's choose our colors. Who wants orange? Me. And who wants yellow? Not me. I want you. And then the last one is pink. It goes for you. Thanks. 3 2 1 My turn. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. Here is perfect until there. Wa. She's going red. What? Ah, that's I think this is true. We actually did a straight round like with your arm. So, let's go to the next one slime. Okay, let's test this. First, some phantom. Next is glue. You have to pour as the same as the phantom. Bloop bloop. Last thing is baking soda. have to close this lid. Now we'll have to mix it. Oh my, it's so my friends are toxic. As you can see, it's dripping. Slime should not drip. I think we need to add more glue. Way more. Like so much. Keep going. Keep going. Some more. Keep going. Oh, wait. Yep. Keep going. That's almost. Let me mix it up. Where am soda? It is still dripping. It's busted. Next one. I want to do this to Ramy. So, it's a bubble machine. This seems fun. Let's go. We have fabric sock, a normal sock. I've heard that you can do it with tissue paper. These two. So, first we have to cut the bottle. Oh, now we have to cut the sock because it's too big. You can put your hand like this. It's extra life saving. How could that save your life? I just faked her. Okay, let's do it. We have the soap already in the water. Let's go. Oh, this actually works. These are so perfect ones. Yeah, it works with the normal strokes. Now, we're going to try it with the wipes. Told you. So, this myth it's true like everything else. Oh my god, that looks cool. Let's try. This is totally fake. Oh my god, there is real. Okay, I think you light one of them. Yeah. And then you have to light the smoke. Yeah, this is true. Let's go to the next one. We have different markers. Mine is called floating. Just a whiteboard marker and she has a Pusca marker. So, let's see. 3 2 1. That's Maybe this is fake for all of us. Okay, let's just leave it. Maybe put some more. Oh, you see that? Oh, it comes off. Ramy, maybe you try. You're getting it, too. Wait, what? Oh my god. That Emily's would never work. The marker didn't work. Let's just try to do like a circle, a square, a simple figure. Wait. Yes, it worked. Wow. Look, it's flying. This wrist actually works. But I think you need like floating markers or you can use a whiteboard marker like the big one. What? Wo. Let's try it. One coin or better experience. It's making me hungry. One, two, three, four. I feel this is fake. We got scammed. We're going to show you how it was fake. So that's how basically they did in the video. First they had everything like placed. They spin the coin. It fell. He took the coin, took the batteries, took everything else. That's fake. Oh, wo. Oh, yeah. I know this. This is so cool. So, we're going to put this chain like this, like inside of here. Let's just put that in. A few moments later. Romy, do you want to try? Yeah. 3 2 1. [Applause] It's still going. This is ugly satisfying. So, if you want to do it at home, do it right now. And we'll go to the next one. We're going to try three sides. Like this. Like this. And like this. First, let's do the black one. Okay. It's not working. Wait. Wait. Maybe we have to wait. Just wait. No. Maybe like this. No, it doesn't work. It's not real. What if we do it in the water? There's no It's 100% busted. If you know some more myths that we can bust, tell us in the comments. If you like this video, like and subscribe. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Roma_Teen [241 likes]: If you want more videos with Diana Roma and Friends, drop a like!
  2. @uzmasiddiqui831: in slow motion romas voice was like:ahhhhhhhhh 😂😂😂😂😂
  3. @Khushi_20178: 😊😅
  4. @OmerAsim-t3b: ❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😊
  5. @LikeNayisha: 🩷🩷🩷🩷🩷🩷🩷🩷🩷🩷
  6. @aaradhyasisters_1612: I'M the biggest fan and I like roma and diana.🎉❤🎉❤❤
  7. @lucianaochoagonzalez3522: I love you Diana and Roma
  8. @esraakhatab9547: ‏‪1:34‬‏
  9. @esraakhatab9547: i tried it on my channel
  10. @SantilataSahoo-p4y: Yes😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
  11. @sameerathennakoon4584: wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
  12. @mabroukaarfaselmi2708: That's the name of babymonster
  13. @SahadatHossain-y5i: Hi
  14. @jeromemagallanes2851: Add me may name is Noisyboy0411
  15. @AneyMichael: So 😂
  16. @ZanaPacariz-z8n: AHHHHH THE GLOW UP
  17. @Nats14: All the life hacks are so cool
  18. @KalkidanErmiyas-b3b: Go on🎉
  19. @MiaNagy-y1d: I would be very happy if there were more videos like this, I really like them.🤩
  20. @YanyanAniban: 😮😮❤❤

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- How To Reach 10,000 App Users (Beginner Marketing): Kind: captions Language: en If you've clicked on this video, chances are you've already launched your mobile app or you're about to and you're now asking, "How do I get users to actually care about this thing?" And more importantly, how do I get them to pay? And you don't just want any downloads. You want highquality downloads with real users who are going to give you feedback, who are going to engage and use your product and eventually pay for it. That magical first 10,000 users. And I know how impossible it feels to hit those first 10,000 users when you're first starting out. I've been there, grinding out the early days, launching apps that got zero traction until I figured out a repeatable marketing system that helped me scale to over 1 million users and $44,000 in monthly recurring revenue. And I've done this time and time again. In this video, I'm going to walk you through my exact four-step strategy that I used to get my first 10,000 users. And if you watch this video until the end, you will walk away with a real nofluff growth plan that you can apply today, even if you're starting at zero. Let's get into it. All right, ladies and gentlemen, here it is. the blueprint to get your first 10,000 users and even if you're beyond 10,000 users, this blueprint can work forever. Even to your first million, 10 million users, right? If you can just get one user to your app, if you can just get 10 users to your app, you can scale to a million. The hardest downloads, the hardest users to get are the first few. So whether you're a beginner or whether you're a seasoned veteran in the app game, this blueprint will help you because we're going to go all the way from identifying your viral marketing message, market research, hiring and finding content creators, all the way to scaling with paid ads. And I'm going to break it down as simply as possible. But first, thank you so much to everyone who has been subscribing to the channel. We just hit 39,000 subscribers. It means the world that you are all enjoying the content and the value that I drop for absolutely free. So, if you get any value from me or this video or my channel in general, I would definitely appreciate if you subscribe to the channel and also drop a comment, drop a like on the video. If you do that, it will tell the YouTube algorithm that you want to watch more content like this. Content that actually teaches you something instead of the boring, lame, brain rot videos that we all watch on YouTube, right? Show the algorithm that you want to learn and it will show you more content like this. So, let's get into the blueprint. Okay, so we're going to start off by identifying your viral marketing message. Actually, before we do that, I'm going to show you an absolute cheat code, which is sharing your product on subreddits. And this is something that you can do in the next hour. It will definitely drive you some valuable users. If you didn't know, Reddit is one of the most viewed sites on the internet. I think it's like top 10 most viewed sites worldwide every single year. And there are a bunch of subreddits that are dedicated to startup founders like yourself. For example, SAS or side project or programming, right? These are all subreddits that have thousands if not hundreds of thousands of users in each one of them. Right? Side project has 43,000 members. SAS has 300K members. Programming 6.8 million members. Playground product 1.3K members. These are all subreddits that you as a founder can post in today and you can share your project in these subreddits. Right? So what you do is you drop a post in these subreddits and some of them can go insanely viral. Like we'll sort by all time, top performing. Boom. These get thousands and thousands and thousands of views and engagements and you can look at the comments here and people are giving real feedback to all of these posts, right? So definitely leverage Reddit and share your product there. But don't just spam your product link. Be helpful, be real, engage, and share your experience as a founder. Drive value. Provide value to the community on Reddit. And people will respect that and they'll engage with your product and they'll try your product out. Some of them might even pay for it. Some of them might even use it for a long time, right? This is an easy way for you to get the first couple users into your project. And if your post on Reddit goes viral, it can hit the homepage and it can drive you insane results. I have some friends in the space who only use Reddit to go their products. I spoke to a founder friend the other day who generated hundreds of thousands of dollars all strictly through Reddit. Don't sleep on Reddit. It's an easy way to get your product out there, get your first couple users, and these users will give you actual feedback on your product. So, little cheat code for the start of the video there. post your products on Reddit. If you want to download this entire blueprint document, I will share it with you in the description. So, go ahead and click the link in the description. But let's get into it. Identifying your viral marketing message. Where I see founders go wrong time and time again is when they're making content about their product. The content is about their product, right? And that might sound counterintuitive, but in reality, no one on social media cares about your product. And if you're only talking about your product and you're only talking about the features, it's going to be a boring piece of content and it's not going to get views. And if you can't get views, it doesn't matter how well your video converts, you're not going to get any users from that, right? Your product is not what people care about. People care about what your product can do for them. So, you don't want to sell the features. You want to sell the transformation. The most important part of creating content is making it feel natural to the algorithm. If anyone watching your video feels like it's an ad, automatically, you lose them. So, I'm going to show you two examples of this. One is for Puff Count. This was one of my best performing videos in terms of getting downloads to the app. I want you to look at this video and tell me where the call to action happens and tell me how hard I sold the product in this video. Crazy that people will smoke these without knowing what's inside. So, I'm going to show you. [Music] On the outside, we have the colorful metal casing, a 3.7 volt 500 milliamp battery, and a coil wrapped in soaked cotton. Check out this app if you need to quit. It's kind of crazy. I only showed the product for 2 seconds in that video. I'm going to show you another example from Cali. This app does $3 million per month in monthly recurring revenue. Watch this ad. This ad got 55,000 likes. Mine got 476,000 likes. That should show you that you don't need to sell the product for that long in your video. I think the reason that people struggle to create content like that is number one, they don't do market research, but number two, you're trying to do everything in one step of the funnel, right? Your marketing is a funnel. And this is how you should look at it, right? There are different steps that each one of your user needs to take to get to the ultimate the ultimate goal, which is them purchasing your product, right? So each one of these is a different step in your funnel. And the only goal of the step above is to get to the next step. The only goal of getting a view on Tik Tok or any short form content is to get them to check out the app on the app store. We're not trying to get them to download it. We're not trying to explain the entire app like the onboarding should. We're not trying to get them to buy our inapp purchases on the Tik Tok. The only step is to get them interested in the app. Interested enough to go to the app store, right? You don't have to do all of it because these next steps should do the rest of the work for you, right? Your app store listing should encourage them to download. After they download, the onboarding should encourage them to purchase. So, you don't have to do it all from your marketing, from your ad or your video. You don't have to do it all. You're only trying to get them to take action and do the next step. That's why these videos make so much sense, right? We're not trying to sell the entire product because that's going to feel like an ad. It's not going to perform on social media. We're trying to engage our ideal target customer in our video and present our product in front of them. Get them interested enough and sell the transformation. This guy's jacked. This one we're talking about how crappy vapes are for you, right? We're selling the transformation. What general problem does your app solve and how can we present that in a video? And the easiest way to get familiar with this type of content, the content that actually performs is to do market research within your niche. So transparently, I saw a video where someone was taking apart a vape and showing how bad it was. And I knew that piece of content would convert well for my brand. So if I was building a another quit vaping app, I would go on TikTok and I would type in quit vaping. And you can sort these videos by most popular of all time. So boom, I would go through and see that this this girl has 3.7 million. I just quit vaping like an hour. 3.7 million likes and on your video right within 30 seconds. So this is clearly years and this is very concept that is going to crush right you can take this concept and you can run with it or if I'm a calorie tracking app I go and look up tracking calories. So boom this is an easy concept. This this video is 14 seconds long. It's text on the screen show. Oh here and here we go. It's for a calorie tracking app. There we go. Right? Like that's it. Doing market research and understanding that you don't need to sell the product super hard in your content is what is going to work. So once you have identified your viral marketing message and you've done enough market research to understand what winning content looks like for your product, for your brand, then you can start to scale it. Then you can start to hire creators. Then you can start to make one, two, three videos every single day. And another thing that you should be doing is capitalizing on trends for lowhanging fruit views. Right? Every day there is a new Tik Tok sound that is trending or an Instagram real sound that is trending. Use those sounds, use those trends to create winning videos for your product. For example, we can go back to Puff Count. Where's the win is a win. A win is a win. A win is a win. I don't care what y'all say. That was a viral sound. That was a viral trend happening. A win is a win sound. And I use that sound to promote my product. And that video got 33,000 views just because I capitalized on the sound. because this sound and this trend was doing very well on TikTok. This is an easy way. If you can identify trends and integrate your products in a sly way into these videos, you'll crush it. A win is a win. A win is a win. I don't care. That was it. A win is a win, right? This trend is going crazy. 121,000 videos within this trend. All you have to do is watch one of these videos within this trend. A win is a win. I don't care what yall say. And you get the you get the idea, right? You just need to use these trends to your advantage when you're promoting your product. Okay. Once you've identified winning trends and you've put together enough market research, now you can create the content or hire a team of creators. And this is the ultimate hack right now because creator marketing is still undervalued. There are so many creators out there, creators who are willing to work for you and create content for your brand at a very, very low cost. And again, if you want to stay at $0 of spend, you can create the content yourself, right? You can do the market research and you can make videos like you have found within the market research. But I'm going to show you how to hire creators on a resultsonly basis and you can do that all through postedapp.com. Now on posted you have a couple different options. You can launch a contest but we are going to be talking about the deals feature. So with deals you can actually get content risk-free. So we are currently using the deals feature to promote the app itself. And I'll show you how many downloads we've gotten in the past week. So, in the past week, using the deals feature, we've gotten 4,000 downloads. Might not seem like a lot, but we are targeting a small niche of people, UGC content creators or content creators in general who want to use the app and get paid. It's more of a niche app. So, this is actually killer for us and we are getting all of the installs through the deals feature. So, what you're going to do is take all of your learnings from the previous part here, right? Identifying your viral marketing message and your market research, and you are going to build a brief. So, you're going to build a project overview, some rules, choose where you want the creators to be from, and then you're going to upload those viral videos that you found from your market research into to post it here. And what's going to happen is creators are going to make videos for you that you can watch for free. So, boom, we have 30 videos that are waiting for our review. They're loaded in here. So, boom. All of these creators have created pieces of content and they have put a bid here. So, we can watch any one of these videos, right? Man, I'm going to go figure out how to get this video made extra cash. Post it. I literally made almost $500 in three separate days. Here's the proof if you don't believe me. This This So, these creators have all created content for us and they've put a bid here, right? So, this is how much this creator wants to get paid. This creator has 769 followers. So, that seems a bit overpriced, but actually the last video that she did for us hit 40,000 views, which is insane. That's one of our better performing videos. And you can see, you know, this creator here has $529,000 followers and they only want the content for $110. I want to emphasize I've paid $0 for all this content. And now I can simply watch the videos and if I love the video and I think the bid is fair, then I can accept these. So this is a risk-free way for you to get a lot of content from a lot of different creators. As you can see, we've accepted 17 different videos. We spent around $1,500 generating 4,000 views. So that's 37 cents per download. Not bad. So you can use the deals feature to get content riskfree for your product. And we also have a new feature that is called CPM. So very similar except for this time you're only paying creators on a CPM basis. Meaning you can choose how much you want to pay the creator per 1,000 views they get you. If you want to go seriously risk-f free, this is the way to do it because again, you can review the videos and you can approve whatever you're comfortable with approving and then the creators will only be paid on a rate per 1,000 views that they generate. So, you can try Postit Out completely for free. It is the easiest headache way free to get content and start working with creators today. And the beautiful thing about working with creators on Postit is you own all the winning content for life. So, you're actually going to own all this content that you've approved forever. You're going to own the MP4 file itself. You can download the video and you can post it anywhere across different social medias like Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook. You can post it anywhere you'd like. And we'll also give you the ad code so that you can run spark ads on Tik Tok. And as you can see, this video got 22,000 views. This video got 47,000 views. And there are some here that, you know, didn't hit, but that's okay. That's part of the game, right? Whenever you're creating content or paying creators to create content, some of it's not going to work. You're never going to get a 100% hit rate on your content, whether you're creating it or someone else is. Right now once we have identified what content is getting the most views for us and more importantly what content is driving the most results the most installs for the app that is when we can take that winning content and scale it with paid ads. And this is going to sound very simple but that's it. What's getting the most views for your product and which videos are driving the most results in terms of app store downloads right? And don't get discouraged if the organic videos aren't driving millions and millions of downloads. They they won't, right? And that's why we leverage paid ads. Because with paid ads, there will actually be a call to action on your video. Just an organic video itself has to be very powerful and very good for someone to swipe out of Tik Tok and then go to the app store and search in your product. If you take this content and put it on paid ads, the conversion rate of that content will be so much higher. And a lot of people sleep on paid ads because, you know, organic marketing is all the rage right now. And that's where everyone's head is at and everyone's trying to, you know, hack their way to getting free installs without running paid ads. Don't sleep on paid ads. Take your winners. Do all of this. Post organically. Keep your spend at zero. Great. But when you have a winner, leverage it with paid ads. And the math problem is very simple. How much are your users earning your app? And how much can you spend to acquire them? And you might be thinking, how do I calculate my LTV? How do I figure out what each install is generating in terms of revenue in my app? And that's why you should have revenue cap integrated into your app because you can pull up this chart here on the left side. Realized LTV per customer. And this is going to be your realized LTV per download. You can also do realized LTV per paying customer which will be attached only to your paying customers, right? Because a certain percentage of your downloads will pay and a certain percent won't. But this will include every single download in your app. So what you're going to want to do is go to customer lifetime, set that to unbounded, and then boom, here is your LTV per download. Right? This one fluctuated a little bit. Let's let's go to the monthly here. There we go. So, we can tell that each one of our installs for PuffCount was generating about a dollar, let's call it. So, I now know that as long as I can get installs for less than a dollar, my app is making money. It's a simple math problem. My LTV is a dollar, $110, let's call it. As long as I can get installs for less than that, our app is making money. So, boom. That's it. That's the entire fourstep process to finding your first 10,000 users through organic content and then scaling with paid ads. And I want to emphasize that this whole process is never ending. You're always going to be able to optimize your marketing, your message, your videos, your content, your ads. This four-step process should continue going throughout the entire lifetime of your app. You're always looking for new viral marketing messages. As a founder, you should always be doing market research and always identifying new trends and new content formats that you can be leveraging for your product. You should always be hiring and testing out new content creators, and you can definitely do that through Posted, and you should always be testing and scaling your different paid ads. If you want a detailed guide on each one of these, I have dropped multiple videos on market research, on hiring creators, on running paid ads, on finding your viral marketing message. I've dropped videos in detail on all of this. But this is the entire four-step process right here. Don't give up on your products. Don't give up on your marketing. Keep grinding. And I hope you enjoyed the video. If you stuck around this far, I would appreciate a like on the video and a subscribe to the channel because I'm going to be dropping new videos like this and dropping value every single day. Real quick, by the way, I've put together a group of app founders and we meet twice a week and chat about all things apps and all things marketing. We're all grinding together looking to find the new marketing strategies for all of our mobile apps. So, if you want to be a part of that group, you can shoot me a DM on Instagram, stephven.builds. send me a message and I'll add you into the group if you want to join.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevencravotta [26 likes]: If you have questions about apps / want to work with me shoot me a DM on Instagram: @steven.builds
  2. @Passeriq [1 likes]: Thanks a lot for sharing. This is invaluable! Is it much different if you are constrained within a platform, e.g. if this is a Shopify app that is targeting a particular user segment?
  3. @Criteria12 [1 likes]: you failed to mention that they charge 500$ a month
  4. @mohyaser: We cant say postedapp is free when it costs 500$/month as subscription. For new developers with zero revenue its too high.
  5. @JackoJPT: Great video brother
  6. @FigoAI26: Your video is very well done but I have a question without paying and without showing my head in social networks is there a way to make views on TikTok or insta and if so how? I’ve been trying for a week but nothing very little view very little like
  7. @GreenDigits-m3g: First we had fitness gurus, then the Matrix, crypto, trading and now marketing. Aren't we a lucky people
  8. @SpolemaYardley: "head-ache way free" 13:01
  9. @Loveslife-AI: thankyou
  10. @JackPfeiffer-l6j: Im creating a college tool and I have only been making tiktoks and have 3 users off only a few thousand views. I would love to know how I can reach my users outside of tiktok and instagram. It can only go so far and I do not think I have enough to be paying people $3 per 1k views
  11. @fadhelabbas1545: This is just an underhand ad for Posted.
  12. @RoyceJakob: 0:12 why are you rocking a pretty face filter haha
  13. @AprilSevenWalker: Great video!
  14. @rojarrolla: Hehe, nice! yo create the video and you also create the "Free" where you have to leave your payment data in a platform to create to gain access otherwise you can't. I don't mind you making money on that platform, But what I don't like about is that My credit card MUST go on front in a "Free" platforn, that turns out to be only Free for 21 days after posting payment method. Shame!
  15. @HeshamFarag-j6z: you the best
  16. @TheGoodBoysPodcast-4You: Great video, but a question. Will this method work for Web Apps or just Mobile? I have a full-featured eBay Web App, and like you stated, I can't get any users. I'll be waiting for your reply. Thanks
  17. @RemotePersonal: BEST video on marketing
  18. @3dgiftz: i dont like
  19. @CraigFoy-n6c: Your content is really solid!
  20. @CraigFoy-n6c: Great content! Get paid for this content; have you heard of FanBravo? I just found out about it and it is very slick.

- 5 Proven Social Media Marketing Strategies to Grow ANY Business: Kind: captions Language: en Most businesses are still creating content for a social media world that no longer exists. So, if your content strategy hasn't evolved in the last 2 years, you're missing the biggest opportunity in social media right now. Even just a couple years ago, you could post content for your followers, spend time designing the perfect grid, and it made sense to have a polished brand image across all of the different platforms. But today, the only thing that the algorithm cares about is performance. Period. This means that every new piece of content you post is a brand new opportunity to blow up your business. and puts everyone on an equal playing field. And with these new algorithms deciding who sees your content, how far it spreads, and even predicting performance before you hit publish, the old follower first approach isn't just outdated, it's pretty much useless. And this is why the businesses winning today are already adapting. They're using AI to boost creativity, run cheap experiments, and turn short bursts of attention into real revenue. And they're doing it fast. That's why in this video, I'm going to share with you why the old growth model collapsed and what replaced it. How to build an AI powered discovery process designed for the new social media algorithms. How to find and scale repeatable formats faster than your competitors, and how to layer monetization so every like and comment and view has a clear path to revenue. By the end of this video, you'll have the exact system the top brands and businesses are using right now to grow faster than ever before. And it works whether you have 100 followers or 100,000 or 100 million. Yeah, it just works. 5 years ago, social media was relatively simple. You'd build a following, you'd make regular posts, and it was safe to say that most of your followers would see your content. In other words, more followers meant more reach. But that model is gone. And today, reach comes from something called a content graph or an interest graph and not a follower graph. How it works is that when you post a piece of content, that post is shown to a small test audience first. If that small test audience engages with your content, then the algorithm expands distribution, starts to show it to more other people. If on the other hand, that small test audience doesn't seem that interested, then that post just dies. And it does this no matter how many followers you have. Where people and business owners in particular are getting hurt though, is that most businesses still act like we're in what I call the gallery era of social media, where content is treated as this kind of slow and polished and meticulously curated art exhibit. But this gallery era has been replaced by a street market. Something that's loud and crowded and moving fast. And the stalls that win aren't the prettiest. They're just the ones that grab attention immediately and then adapt to what's going on around them. And doing this all without hesitation. For example, a specialty coffee roaster I worked with had this exact same problem. Their social media feeds looked like something straight out of a magazine. I mean, they had gorgeous images and beautiful onbrand colors and fonts and pretty people drinking prettyl looking drinks. But, and this is a big butt, they had pretty much zero engagement. So, we swapped the overproduced media for some quick and dirty behind-the-scenes clips of beans roasting and orders being packed and friendly casual banter between staff. And sure enough, within just a couple weeks, the algorithm picked them up and started showing their stuff to completely new people and expanded their reach significantly. Back in the old days of even just a couple years ago, in the follower first world we used to live in, your job was to keep your existing fans engaged. But today, in this feed first world, your job is to stop strangers midscroll. And that, my friend, requires speed and volume, and above all, a certain willingness to post without waiting for perfection. The gallery era of social media is dead. Long, long live the gallery. Today, if you want to win, you need to think like a graffiti artist. Unlike gallery artists, graffiti artists don't wait for an invitation or an opening reception. They they move fast. They get the message up and then they vanish to hit the next wall or train car or unsuspecting billboard or really anything that'll sit still long enough. I don't know. That was never really my scene. Speed isn't optional here. In the time it takes to storyboard and approve and launch one campaign, a faster moving competitor can post 10 variations and find the winner and then scale it up. So, by the time you inevitably eventually unveil your masterpiece, they've already claimed the best walls in town and you're left trying to make your mark on a Wendy's that's already halfway painted over with an ad for a $1.99 Frosty. I do like Frosties. The good news here, no, dare I say great news here, is that even a small business or brand or creator with no following at all can now beat an established giant if their content connects faster and stronger. But as important as speed is, speed alone won't save you. Because now there's a hidden judge deciding who gets seen and who doesn't. And it's not even human. To really drive this point home, it's important to note that the old school gallery approach doesn't just struggle in today's feed first environment. It actually works against you. This is because the algorithms decide in real time whether to push your content further or whether to just completely shut it down. which means that the more versions you test, the more chances you have to win. And lucky for us, AI makes this not just possible, but actually doable. For example, in the past, creating multiple versions of a piece of content meant multiple more hours of writing and editing and designing and whatever. But now, you can do this in minutes, sometimes even seconds. One short video, for example, can become 10 hooks for different audiences, multiple vertical edits, uh, captions for each platform, alternate cuts emphasizing different benefits, and translations for new markets, or do I? Each version gets published, the best performers get scaled up, and the poor performers get shut down. And all of this happens about as close to immediately as you can imagine. To give you a real life personal example, I launched a simple ad campaign just a couple weeks ago. I wrote an ad that I thought was half decent, found an image to go along with it, and then I turned it over to AI to help me scale it up. The AI came back with dozens of great ideas. I picked a few to test, and a couple of them went on to get thousands of clicks at 9 cents per click, which in the digital marketing world is basically bananas. Now, at least in this case, AI didn't necessarily make the content better. But what it did do was make this high volume testing totally possible without burning me out. Actually, technically, it did make the content better, too, as I wasn't getting 9-centent leads before AI joined the party. Anyway, the point here is that this is why the mindset matters just as much as the tool because when you launch just one single higheffort campaign, you're emotionally invested in its success. If it fails, feels like a total loss. But when you run multiple variations, you expect some to fail. And it's that feedback and that data that then goes on to feed the next round of iterations. Here's how to do it step by step. I'll give you an acronym to help make this super easy to remember. Just rolls right off the tongue. So, here's what each letter means. One, S. Start with one strong idea. Uh, launch, a story, and insight. Two, G. Generate multiple variations. These are hooks or edits or captions. Three, T. Test quickly. Post within a short time frame, ideally publishing everything at the same time, which is going to way cut down and minimize variability. Four, M, measure results. Look at metrics like CTR, which stands for click-through rate, so you can see how many people clicked it, as well as things like cost per lead, if you're tracking that, which you should be. Five, ask, scale the winners. Take what worked and spread it around. Post it on other platforms, post it in other formats, and show it to other audiences. Now, sure, not every hit will go viral everywhere, but a lot of them will. The beauty here is that it's not about guessing what's going to work. This is about actually definitively finding out what will work and doing it fast, like in days, not months. Of course, posting faster is pointless if you can't handle the attention that comes with it. So, that's where this next tool comes in. So, let me show you one tool that makes it a whole lot easier to execute this graffiti style strategy, ManyHat. Approved by Meta, ManyHat is the leading automation platform for Instagram, Facebook Messenger, and WhatsApp. It turns every comment, DM, or story mention into an instant sales opportunity by sending automated personalized replies in real time. Imagine you post a video that hits big. Instead of manually replying to hundreds of people asking for more info, Many Chat can DM them a link, sign them up for a free resource, or even book them straight into your calendar, all without you touching a keyboard. It's like adding a full-time sales assistant to your content team who works 24/7, never takes breaks, and never forgets to follow up. This is exactly how you turn spikes of attention into leads and sales before the buzz dies down. If you want to turn every post into a direct conversation with potential customers, check out ManyHat using the link below and get 30 days of ManyHat Pro for free. Now, all that said, all the speed in the world won't matter if you don't understand the system that's actually distributing your content. And that's where the algorithm flip comes in and why it's the most important shift that you can master today. As we talked about at the beginning, this algorithm flip means you're no longer making content mainly for people who already know you. You're now making content that's there to earn the attention of people who don't know you. Some people call them strangers. I call them friends in waiting, which makes it sound kind of creepy. That's a challenge because loyalty doesn't guarantee visibility anymore. But the good news is that this is a new and completely untapped opportunity because small accounts can now compete with much bigger ones if their content performs. Now, here's the deal. The platforms already use AI to evaluate your posts. They scan visuals, they transcribe audio, they read captions, and they analyze pacing. And those signals are then compared to top performing content. If your post matches the patterns, it's more likely to get pushed. Let me say that again because it's really, really important. If your content looks and sounds and feels like the top performing content on the platform, the algorithm is far more likely to push it. And you can use AI to reverse engineer this before you ever hit publish. All you have to do is ask. For example, you can use tools like Chat GBT, Gemini, Grock, or Claude to check your opening seconds. For example, you could upload your video or your script and then ask the AI questions like, "Is my hook clear and attention grabbing in under 3 seconds?" Or, "Would my target market immediately understand what this is about and want to keep watching?" It's powerful stuff. You can also use it to brainstorm stronger hooks by sharing your topic and then asking it, "Give me 10 hook ideas similar to the top performing videos in my niche or write five alternative openings that would make this more curiositydriven." It's powerful, too. Can also help you tighten up your captions. All you need to do is just paste your captions and then ask, "Make this shorter and easier to read on a phone screen or rewrite this so it gets to the point faster while keeping the main idea." And it can help you improve pacing. Just give the AI your transcript and then ask, "Where could I cut or speed up so viewers don't drop off?" Or identify any slow sections that might cause people to lose interest. This isn't just theory, either. Just a couple days ago, I was mentoring some kids who started a YouTube channel. Now, they're just kids, so to protect their identities, I'll change their names to um Bob, and Bob, too. Anyway, one of the first things we did was download and transcribe their top performing videos. From there, we had AI analyze them based on basically everything I just told you. And then, well, it was really as easy as just remaking those top performing videos with these new suggestions in mind. And the results were a literal 100x jump in views, subscribers, watch time, everything. But there are two important rules to follow here. Rule number one, your hook matters more than your history. Or as Tony Robbins might say, your past does not equal your future. What this means is that even if everything you've posted up until now has, what's the nice way of saying this? uh underperformed. Well, none of that matters as all it takes is one great post to completely change the game for you. Rule number two, consistency comes from process, not luck. So, while there's never any guarantee of going viral, there are ingredients or frameworks or traits that are shared by some of the most popular and wide reaching content online. But we covered a lot of that with your hook and pacing and all that stuff. So, now the next thing for you to do is start testing. AI can get you in front of new audiences. But there is a trap. If every post is a one-off start from scratch, reinvent the wheel thing, you're going to be starting from scratch every time. The fastest growers don't reinvent the wheel. They find formats that hit, then they run them on repeat, just like Bob and Bob 2, the YouTube Kids did. All right, let's unpack that a little more. One of the most common mistakes that entrepreneurs make with social media is chasing originality instead of repeatability. The result is this feed full of unrelated experiments that never get refined because they're only ever tried once. High performing creators and high performing businesses on the other hand, they do the opposite. They find repeatable formats. These are content structures that consistently engage their audience and that work with the algorithm. Then once a format works, they refine it and rerun it. What's a good example here? Think uh late night television. The host doesn't invent a brand new format every night. They just follow a proven structure like a opening monologue. there's probably an interview, a recurring comedy segment. Anyway, the viewers know exactly what to expect and the team knows exactly how to deliver it. In social media, repeatable formats give you a framework to test ideas without having to start from scratch. They also make it easier to scale because you're building on what you already know works. So, here's the process. Step one, test small and fast. Start with one core idea, some insight, a tip, or product demo. Use AI to create variations with different hooks and lengths and angles and then publish quickly and watch for anything that gets traction. Step two, measure performance. Don't just count the overall views. You want to look at completion rates and saves and comments and replays as these show a deeper level of engagement. Step three, refine the winner. If one version outperforms, you want to make small adjustments and then post it again. You could shorten it or strengthen the hook or you could tweak the call to action. Step four, package it as a series. Once a format works, you want to brand it, give it a name, a distinct visual style, and a clear promise for the audience. Step five, scale across platforms. Once you've got a winner, you want to run the format on multiple channels, but you want to adapt for each one. So, a 60-second tip might thrive on Tik Tok, while a 3minute version does better on LinkedIn. I worked with a B2B software company that tested five short form video ideas. Now, four were kind of average. One, this rapidfire common mistake series doubled engagement. though we refined it and branded it and ran it twice a week. Within 2 months, it drove over half their inbound leads just from organic content. Oh, repeatable formats also reduce stress, which is nice. You don't need to think of a brand new idea every single day. You just think of the next new entry in a format that you already know works. This keeps your pipeline full and your schedule consistent, so you're not missing days or missing weeks or scrambling last minute. Important note here, though. The goal isn't to find one perfect format and then just run it forever. is to have several different formats in rotation. That way you spread the risk, you avoid fatigue, and you can test new ideas without abandoning proven ones. So once you've got formats that win, the next question then is where do they live? After all, if you put everything, all these different ideas and different formats and different tests and you just dump them all on one channel, you're going to confuse the algorithm and you're going to confuse your audience. So that's where channel strategy comes into play. In the gallery era model, brands dumped everything onto one main account. These are product launches, tips, behind the scenes, all in one feed. And that worked when reach came from followers. But now, as you know, discovery is postdriven, and the algorithm judges each post on its own. Algorithm judges. That was a bit of a tongue twister. So, when you mix all these different formats into one feed, you confuse the viewer and the algorithm. After all, the different audiences want different things, and a single channel can't serve them all equally well. The fix then is something called a multi- channelannel strategy. I appreciate it sounds super duper fancy, but it's really simple. Instead of one all-purpose social media account, you run several smaller focused ones. Each one has got a clear format, a different target audience, and a focused purpose, but they all feed into your overall brand. For example, a health supplement brand might run a main account with polished product stories and updates, a tips account with daily quick health insights, a testimonials account with customer success stories, and a founder account with behind the scenes and personal takes. And doing it this way, spreading things apart, breaking them down, having these smaller accounts, well, it creates four different distinct advantages. First is precision. Each channel speaks directly to its audience, which means you're able to create laser focused content that you know your customers are interested in. Next, signal clarity. If engagement ever drops on one of these smaller platforms, you're going to know why, and it's likely because of what you're saying, not how you're saying it or where you're saying it, as you're not mixing different formats or different placements. Third is scalability. Proven formats can be spun into dedicated channels without crowding the main account. And fourth, for all my riskaverse friends out there, lower stakes. These smaller separate accounts are sandboxes, testing grounds with lower stakes and lower risks to the main account. So you can and you should get creative. Now important note here. If you're just getting started, then please understand that you do not need to have multiple accounts and launch them all at once. Just start with one, your main one, and start testing different formats there. Then when a format consistently performs, it can spin it into its own channel. The trick is to keep testing new formats on your main account. And over time, you're going to have this portfolio of feeds that all funnel into your sales process. Now, if this sounds like an absolute ton of work, don't worry. A few years ago, doing all of this would have been a complete nightmare or cost thousands of dollars a day. But now, AI makes it just so much easier. It can take a winning post from one platform and then reformat it for another. It can write captions that fit each platform style, and it can track the results so you can see which posts bring in the best traffic. But here's another thing. Reach without revenue is just a vanity metric. So once you've got the attention, you need a system to turn that attention into paying customers. So next, let me show you how to take all of that attention and turn it into actual revenue because you can't feed your kids with likes. Attention is valuable, but it's not revenue. And far too many businesses treat views and likes and followers as the end goal. To turn attention into revenue, you need a monetization layer. Something that's clear and has an intentional path that guides viewers from discovering who you are and what you're about to purchase. Now, I want you to think of it in three stages. First is top of funnel. This is discovery. These are short form videos or posts or stories that earn attention from strangers. The goal here is curiosity and trust, not an immediate sale. Then there's midfunnel. Here you want to nurture. Once someone's interested, give them a reason to stick around. These are longer videos or emails or case studies or anything that connects your product or your service to their needs. Most businesses skip this part, but more on that in just a second. Then you got bottom of funnel. This is for conversion. This is where you make clear direct offers. Could be a product pitch, a consultation, or a limited time promotion. But whatever it is, the goal is to encourage action. Okay, so an important point here, like I mentioned just a few seconds ago, most brands unfortunately skip the midfunnel nurture part, jumping straight from you've never heard of me before to buy my stuff. Kind of like meeting someone at a networking event and pitching a partnership before even learning their name or asking someone to marry you on the very first date. I mean, it's weird. It's kind of creepy. Certainly not very effective. Now, the good news here is that your monetization layer does not need to be complex to work. It just needs to exist. a newsletter, a webinar, a free trial, a wait list, whatever. As long as every piece of content has a clear next step, it will deliver you more customers and more sales. And of course, AI makes this easier by segmenting audiences and recommending next steps and personalizing follow-up, so each viewer gets the most relevant offer, which only further raises your conversion rates without adding any extra manual effort. This is why the most effective businesses treat their content like part of a sales engine. The goal isn't just to entertain or to educate. It's to move people towards becoming customers. And with a monetization layer in place, every post contributes to business growth. The best news of all here, though, is that you don't need to piece any of these things together on your own. I've already packaged up the entire system for you, the same one that I use in my business and with all of my clients and my students to grow faster on social media. When you click the free course link down in the descriptions below, you'll get instant access to my full AI powered marketing framework, the plug-and-play content templates, readytouse scripts, and step-by-step checklists, plus the exact tools I use to run it all. No guesswork, no tech headaches, just a proven system that you can start using right away to create content that gets discovered, scales across platforms, and actually drives revenue. Go ahead, click or tap the link below, tell me where to send it, and I'll get you set up immediately. And if you want to see how to put this strategy into action for real results real fast, you may want to check out the video I've got linked up right here where I'm going to walk you through some of my most proven and profitable marketing strategies to help you grow your business. So, feel free to tap or click that now and we'll see you in there in just a

  Top Comments:
  1. @4K-SYNTH_OG [4 likes]: Hello Adam,
I found something interesting.

I saw that you don't have short videos to post across social media.
Let me help you repurpose your 1 video into 10 short form videos which is you can post across all your social media to reach more people.
  2. @AmarilisWernex [2 likes]: Nice tutorial! As a marketing beginner, I hear DIC loak’s auto functions can achieve media task management. I’ll give it a go.
  3. @MarciLLyTV [1 likes]: The consistency point lands differently when you think about it as data collection rather than content production. Every piece you publish teaches you something about your audience. The people who quit after 30-60 days never get enough data to actually optimize — they just stop before the learning starts.
  4. @FlashVids-y4d [1 likes]: it's good social media marketing video ❤
  5. @BTIMONY [1 likes]: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  6. @dorothyiosefa9842 [1 likes]: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  7. @AndargieVargas [1 likes]: Great breakdown of the strategies! I’m curious about your take on cross-platform consistency—do you recommend adapting content to each platform’s style heavily, or is a unified approach better? I've noticed mixed results trying both.
  8. @Adamerhartvideo: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  9. @OQ-: Is this valid for all platforms?
  10. @dPatriciaieMartinezc: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  11. @DonnarfDloksana: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  12. @Osvaldo-r7j: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  13. @Codi-n5y: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  14. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is what bridges the gap between launching a brand and having a brand people believe in.
  15. @MathaiNewand: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  16. @KinnemanNoreiga: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  17. @AnthonyDooley-q2c: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  18. @vasuovaelena: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  19. @Mdsaimoun-i6z: Can you even play that
  20. @ElenaMaryano: The website  ipweb is good, I recommend it.

- 10 Marketing Strategies Guaranteed to Grow ANY Business (PROVEN & PROFITABLE): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend. Adam here. And today I wanna walk you through 10 marketing tips and tactics and strategies, or rather give you a framework and a playbook that you can use to create marketing that works, that converts, that's profitable and helps you grow your business or any business you're working on. What this is going to help you do is essentially any time that you're sitting down and you're thinking of ways to generate new customers or more leads or make more sales or launch a new campaign, it's gonna give you a framework and a roadmap that you can follow from start all the way to finish to make sure that you're doing the right things in the right place for the right people, rather than just randomly guessing and hoping and praying that this might all just magically work, which let's be honest, isn't much better than gambling. And that makes no sense at all, especially when there is a far more proven and strategic path that you can follow, one that has been replicated thousands, if not tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of times, both for myself and for my clients over the past 10 years. And one that I know that if you follow and you work through what I'm about to share with you will have amazing and positive effects on your business and your marketing as well. So with that said, let's dive right in. Now what you're looking at right here is the original kind of brainchild behind all of this, just a mess of words and of thoughts and ideas all kind of tossed down on the paper, of course, in typical Adam fashion being slightly a bit of a perfectionist, still working on it. Anyway, I cleaned it up a little bit. I made a better and cleaner diagram for you and that's what I wanna walk you through here today. Essentially starting in the middle and then working our way out. See, the problem is when most people think about marketing, they think about business planning and strategy and things like that, they view it as this linear path like, I'm gonna do this and then I'm gonna do that, and then it's gonna be followed by this, when the reality is it's often a lot more of this kind of roller coaster ride. We're gonna try this, we're gonna get data and feedback, we're gonna look at the analytics and the metrics. We're gonna pivot and adjust accordingly. Then we're gonna go in this direction, then we're gonna move this. Then we're gonna base those decisions off everything we've just done and what worked and what didn't. And it continually evolves and you need to be able to evolve and adapt with it. All that said, there is a set of steps that you want to take. You don't want to just go out there and start posting on random social media accounts because then nothing's going to work, you're gonna get frustrated, you're gonna get burned out and then you might just give up on the whole thing altogether. And that's not good for you, it's not good for the people that you hope to serve. It's not good for anyone. So the very first thing that you need to do anytime your launching a new campaign, whether it's an existing business or you're thinking of starting a new business, is you need to start right in the center here with the offer. Now, I could make you struggle to understand my terrible handwriting like was mocked up the time before, but I've taken the efforts to go and let's see if this works, I don't have perforated paper, but that worked better than I thought, so here we are. Step number one is the offer. Now there's a bit of a debate in the marketing community about when it comes to starting a business, when it comes to growing an existing business, do you focus on the offer first or the target market? In other words, do you want to make something and then find people to sell it to or do you wanna find people that you can help and then make something to solve their problems? No one seems to agree on this, so we've got a solution. If you have a brand new business, you've never sold anything to anyone, you just have this idea in your mind, then typically you're better off thinking about the people that you seek to serve. Those are going to be people that you may have been one in the past or that you resonate with or that you're currently a member of the group, and the reason is because the better that you're able to understand your target markets and their pains and problems and fears and frustrations and all the things we're gonna talk about in just a minute, the better you're going to be able to position your product or your service or your offer as the solution to their pains and problems. On the flip side, if you already have an existing business, you've been in business for any length of time than the odds are good that you already have a number of different products or services or things that you're selling. So the key here is to be specific and strategic and selective and make sure that you're choosing the right offer with the best margins, that is the most fun to deliver, that has the highest potential for scalability, that's easy to sort of market and clearly describe. So to recap all of that, if you've got a new product or a new offer, something you're thinking of selling, do a little bit of market research, find the ideal segment of people that you can best serve and then make sure that there's a match there. If you already have an existing business, the odds are good that you've been selling something. So find out what it is about that makes it unique, and then find the best people that you can continue to serve by 80 20ing your existing customers. Essentially taking a look at the top 20% of your customers, what are their commonalities, their traits? What do they sort of have in common, where do they live? All of the things that we're gonna talk about in just a second when it comes to market. All right, so that is our offer and that's gonna form the core of everything that we do from this point on, everything is going to be an alignment with this offer. It's gonna be in service of this offer. Marketing is done and one single offer at a time. You may have a number of different things you can do or want to do, but that doesn't mean you wanna blast somebody with all of your different offers cuz it's going to lead to overwhelm and to confusion and to this sort of paralysis by analysis, not knowing what to do or how to do it and confused customers don't buy, so we start here. Okay, so now that you've got the offer in mind, the next thing that you need to do is move on to this section here, goals. Now here's the deal, when it comes to setting goals for your marketing, I'm not a stickler for making sure that you set exact specific measurable goals like we want to increase our cost of acquisition or decrease our cost of acquisition by 3% or increase our leads by 22.8%, but I do need you to have a north star, a guiding sort of area light to work towards to make sure that you are going on the right path rather than taking all of these completely irrelevant paths and ending up somewhere completely different that's not going to benefit you or your business or the people that you seek to serve. Good example here is that most business owners, most entrepreneurs, most marketers, sadly, they do marketing for the sake of marketing, they were told that, Hey, we need to do some marketing, we need to make some stuff. So they make some stuff and then they put it out there and unsurprisingly it doesn't resonate because it's just stuff, or they may have the wrong kind of goal, which is creating stuff for the sake of getting likes or comments or shares rather than building a community and increasing engagement with the right kind of people that will lead to leads that will lead to customers that will lead to sales and revenue and actual business growth. Now, fortunately, when it comes to setting goals, the end goal is normally pretty simple. I mean it's going to be an increase in sales or an increase in revenue, and then all you have to do is start to work your way backwards to assign relevant metrics and KPIs known as key performance indicators to make sure that everything's in alignment. For example, if you have a thousand dollars product to sell and you know that you sell it by phone and you close one in two sales, well now we figured out, well, we're gonna need two sales calls to make one sale, and then, okay, well how many leads do we need to generate in order to have those two sales calls? And then how many clicks do we need to get those leads? And you can start to work your way back and at least it gives you sort of a right direction to move towards. Okay, next up we are gonna draw the line, and this one is all about target market, target market, possibly the most important element in all of marketing. In fact, the word marketing, right? We've got market baked right into it. That's how important this is, they are the core, the central component of your entire campaign, the entire structure, everything you do is about your target market and what's in service to them, you see, the reality is that when it comes to marketing, the customer doesn't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood, and that's all about empathy, it's about awareness, it's about being able to put yourself in their shoes to view things from their perspective. See, the reason that a lot of marketing doesn't work, doesn't connect with the target market is because it's not relevant, it's not, it doesn't resonate with them. They don't understand how this would apply to them and so they just tune it out, good example here. If you've ever seen a commercial or a YouTube or a Facebook ad or any kind of ad or marketing material at all, and you've thought "This is really dumb, like seriously, this makes no sense, I don't even know what they're trying to sell." And if you do happen to figure out what they're trying to sell, you think "What a dumb product, who would ever buy that?" and here's the thing, the product, the service, whatever it is being sold might not be dumb and the ad might actually be really good, but you are not the target market. Now, sure, their targeting could be off. I don't know why you're seeing the ad that's not meant for you, sometimes these things happen, but the point of the matter is that as long as you're specific and relevant to the right kind of people, you will get them to take action. They will be inspired to want to get the solution to the problem that they have provided, that you've properly articulated this, that you've said the right words in the right way at the right time. On the other hand, if you water down your message by trying to appeal to everybody out there, it becomes very bland and very boring and very generic and then people just automatically tune it out and you know exactly what I'm talking about. Talking about the things or the ads, the marketing that says we provide better service or faster delivery or we're superior or whatever it is, first of all, these are not specific terms, they're very ambiguous. They could mean a lot of things to a lot of different people, second of all, pretty much everybody can say them, therefore everybody does say them, therefore they mean nothing. Anyway, I'm gonna dive into more of the specifics on that in just a second, but first, let's figure out your ideal target market, your ideal customer avatar, also sometimes known as an ICA. And to do that we break it down into three different categories, the first of which is their demographic details. These are the stereotypical things you think of when you think of marketing and think of a target market, so age, gender, income, occupation, titles, all of the things that are just like the generic customer avatar right there, then we have geographic details. What city, state, province, country, principality, municipality, neighborhood, where do they live basically. This is incredibly important because there's going to be cultural differences between not only different countries but also different cities and sometimes even different neighborhoods in different cities. And then of course you have the mother of all the psychographic details, what are their values, their attitudes, their lifestyles, their beliefs, what organizations are they a part of? Religious affiliations, political leanings, all of that stuff. All of the things that are not polite to talk about around the dinner table. Those are the things that you want to know. You want to get into their head and you want to know kind of like what do they really think about these things that we're not supposed to talk about. Now, I'm not suggesting you make all of your ads and all of your marketing directly call this stuff out, but it still is important to keep in the back of your mind when you're creating your marketing materials. What are these people going to like? What are they not going to like? What are they going to find offensive and what is going to be polarizing but in a good way that's gonna draw them in and really reject and repel everybody else that you just don't wanna deal with? After target market, well, of course we have to drill down into those psychographic details even more, and to do that we're going to sort of break apart, their miracles and miseries. Now, miracles miseries are things that I've coined that essentially make up the two different areas of your target market. They're miseries being their fears and problems and pains and frustrations and nightmares and all the things they're trying to get away from, and their miracles being all of their wants and dreams and goals and desires and aspirations and all the things that they're trying to move towards. Every person, every target market, every business has a way to appeal to someone's miseries as well as to their miracles. There's going to be different industries that lean one way more than another. There's going to be segments of the market that lean more one way or another, in other words, if you use messaging that help someone move away from pain, sometimes that's stronger, on the other hand, you have more aspirational language, helping someone achieve something and different markets are gonna benefit more from that. A decent mix of both is usually the best path. We don't want to constantly be negative and say, This is a horrible thing and you need to get it fixed and blah, blah, blah. Otherwise you come to come off as a Debbie Downer. On the other hand, if all your promising is rainbows and sunshine and unicorns and all the magical things in this world, while they're not gonna have any reason to take action if you don't sort of back that up with a little bit of pain, in other words, a solution without a problem is completely meaningless. You need to put the solution in context to an actual problem that they have. Now, here's where things get good. The miracles and miseries essentially form a gap A gap between where they're at right now with all of the bad stuff going on and where they want to be with all of the good stuff that they'd like to have. And it's your marketing's job to help them bridge that gap away from miseries and towards miracles and the better you're able to communicate that and show how if you do these things, if you acquire this product, if you use this service, if you take me up on this offer, you're going to be able to have it. Well, the better you're able to clearly communicate that, the better all of your marketing and all of your sales are going to be, all right, moving on. Next up, we have present and active. Now, this one is a bit of a pet peeve of mine. I've got a few different marketing pet peeves, one of which is when I ask someone who their target market is and they say everyone or everyone in the world or people with money, and of course as we've already covered, you can't be that broad, otherwise you end up with completely boring and bland and irrelevant messages. The other pet peeve I have is when people, business owners, entrepreneurs, marketers occasionally hear about a new platform or a new social media channel or a new marketing opportunity and they dive right in without doing all of the things that we've just covered, all of the more important things that need to happen first, identifying the model, figuring out the target market, working out their miracles and miseries and all of those details. Instead, they just dive headfirst into this new platform and make a bunch of stuff, nothing works, and then they swear off the platform for good. Well, unsurprisingly the reason this doesn't work for most people most of the tim e is because this may be the completely wrong platform for you, for your business. Your people might not even be there, your marketing than what I call the marketing wasteland an area that is completely devoid of potential prospects and customers and leads for your business. Much better alternative to identify your ideal target market, figure out their demographic details like age, gender, income, occupation, and then match it up with what social media platforms appeal to that demographic,. Fortunately, this is not secret knowledge. All you have to do is head over to Google and type in social media demographics. So get a long list of different resources and it'll start linking up men between the ages of this and this are on this platform and women between the ages of this and this are on this platform and this platform appeals to these kind of people, it changes all the time, but there are a few pretty safe bets. For example, if you're in the business to business community, you're selling to other businesses, LinkedIn is kind of a staple. If you're serving a demographic that's 35 or 40 and older, Facebook is still probably your best bet. If on the other hand most of your customers are 35, 30, 25 perhaps we're looking at Instagram, TikTok being the new kid on block does skew younger, but like all social media platforms, all platforms in general, it is aging up and doing so relatively quickly. So you can find people there, twenties, thirties, forties, fifties, and it's continuing age up. Twitter still skews slightly younger and a little more urban, Pinterest still primarily women. YouTube does tend to be kind of neutral territory for all people looking for all things. There's a kicker that you need to make video content of course, more on that in a minute. And then of course there's others that are popular in different countries, different Reddit forums, different WhatsApp groups, Snapchat. If your demographic is much younger, lots of options, too many options, that's why people get confused. See all these options, they think they need to be on all of them. The reality is you're much better off to choose the one or maybe two different platforms where your ideal target market is present and active and then go there ignoring everything else. So let's draw our line and move on. So now that we've figured all that out, the next thing that we need to do is we've gotta figure out what kind of content are we going to make and that leads us to content type. Now what I'm gonna suggest here is that we need to establish a content type that you're going to start with. This may ultimately be or not be where you end up. We're gonna talk about that more in a minute as well. Lots of cliff hangers and open loops in this video. So keep watching, the point is though, is that there is a lot to unpack and where we're gonna start is going to be different than where we end up because I'm gonna give you a couple different options, but some are significantly superior to others. So here's what you've got, you've got text based content, you've got audio content and you've got video content. Arguably, you also have some kind of visual graphical content like infographics and visual diagrams and things like that, but typically they're paired with one of the other kinds of content, you also have different lengths of content, short form and long form content. My suggestion is that pretty much every business out there needs one form of long form content and then you can do whatever short form content you like to feed into it. So long form content for text is obviously a blog. Long form, content for audio is a podcast and long form content for video would be YouTube. Short form content though we're talking about short tweets, we're talking about short captions for Instagram, we're talking about Facebook posts, we're talking about LinkedIn posts, anything like that for text, audio is a little trickier. We're still kind of looking at mostly podcasts, possibly shorter ones. We're taking clips and adding video elements to them. And then short form video is kind of the rage right now. Short form, vertical video. We're looking at Instagram reels, we're looking at YouTube shorts, we're looking at TikTok. So if you don't mind writing, you can start with text if you don't mind speaking, you can do audio. And if you don't mind doing video or getting in front of a camera, finding someone that's willing to get in front of a camera video is by far the best one, but again, we'll talk about that in a minute. So we'll get our arrow there and then let's do our next one, which is mandatory marketing, no exceptions, every business needs to use this, it's email. Yeah, I know. Hoping for something a little sexier myself. But the fact is that email works, it works just as well now if not better than it ever has before because everybody uses email, I use email, you use email, your customers, use email, your doctor, your accountant, your lawyer, everybody that you know has an email address. Not everybody has a social media account. Not everybody accepts SMS or text message marketing or even appreciates it, direct mail, still phenomenally effective, but it's hard to find curated lists, especially for cost effective prices and it's a slightly more advanced and complicated marketing strategy that I wouldn't suggest starting out with, but everybody has email. A bit of a fun fact here, but when I'm working with a brand new business, I'm doing any kind of consulting or teaching, one of the very first things I do, if not the first thing I do is take a look at their overall email marketing strategy strategy. If they don't have a good one, we'll install one. If they have one that's working, okay, we'll upgrade it. And I kid you not, every single time we're able to make substantial and significant increases in profitability, in customer retention, in the number of sales made, it's as close to a magic bullet as we have. So where do you even get started, well, the very first thing you need is some kind of a lead magnet, also known as a bribe or a freebie or a content upgrade. Essentially something that you can give away in exchange for a customer's email address so that they're actually enticed to join your list. I have an example of this that you can check out in the descriptions below or by visiting adamErhart.com/cheatsheet. This is my version of a freebie, of an opt-in guide to get onto the list, alternatively, you can offer your more supportive, more loyal customers and people that are interested in your business, a way to join your newsletter directly kind of bypassing the freebie, which does tend to attract a more loyal subscriber, but your conversion rates are going to be lower cuz you're not necessarily offering something of immediate value in return. For an example of this, you can visit adamErhart.com/newsletter, from there, you need to decide on your email frequency, how often you're going to be emailing your list, whether it's once a week or three times a week. Some people email daily, I've done it in the past. I've kind of found a sweet spot around three to four times a week. Once a week is like your bare minimum. Once every two weeks is unacceptable, once a month, and I don't even know why you have an email list. I mean seriously, let's just run the math for a second. If an email open rate is say 30% for your list and you're emailing once a month, well, it could be months before anybody sees you. And then when they finally do get your email, they've forgotten who you are, so they're likely to A unsubscribe or B, worse mark it is spam and just delete the whole thing. Also, depending on which statistic or study you read, marketing via email has been reported to provide somewhere between a 3800% and 4400% ROI or return on investment. I don't know if my numbers are right around there, but they wouldn't be too far off, it's that good. Long story, short email gotta do it. Okay, moving on to the next one. Essentially, once you've got some of these pieces in place, it's time to start putting things together and that comes in the form of a marketing funnel, also known as a sales funnel, also known as a customer journey or just a funnel. Aptly named because it kind of looks like a funnel with a whole bunch of people coming in at the top and then kind of getting sorted out as they go through the bottom with fewer customers coming out the bottom. And this is a reminder that most won't. I first heard this from Frank Kern who said, most won't. In other words, most people won't click, most people won't subscribe, most people won't buy. And you need to factor that into your marketing and plan accordingly. This is totally okay because most won't but enough will provided you do things, right. Now, what a marketing funnel is really about is mapping out the customer journey, Taking someone who has no idea who you are and walking them through all of the steps in order to become a lifelong and loyal customer, a brand ambassador, someone that loves you, loves what you do, wants to tell everyone about just how great you are, and you are pretty great. Now, the opposite of having a marketing funnel is just having nothing. I don't know what the opposite of a funnel would be. Like a like a plate. You just pour stuff on it splashes everywhere. Sadly, most people have marketing plates, in other words, they just take all of the traffic and all of the leads and they just dump 'em somewhere typically on their homepage, meaning that someone shows up at your website's homepage, they have no idea what they're doing, they don't know where to go. They might click the contact button, but there's a weird form and they don't know if they want to do that yet cuz they just met you and it's kind of pushy. Let's slow down here. So they kind of skirt around a little bit and then they bounce, which is marketer term for leave and never come back. Again depending on what statistic you use. The vast majority of visitors to a website that click the back button never return, somewhere around the range of 98 to 99%. "Where are they going?" You might ask. And let me tell you, they're going to your competitors that actually have a funnel, something that says, "Hey, you're new here. Let's start here, let me give you this thing. Let me nurture you and provide you some value. Let me follow up, see if you have any questions, and let me continue offering you the next step in the process in order to becoming a customer." Now, the best advice that I can offer in a short period of time when it comes to mapping your marketing funnel is to start at the end like we did with your goals and then reverse engineer the process, so in other words, for someone to make a sale, well, what needs to happen before that? Maybe it's visit a sales page, okay, well, what needs to happen before they visit a sales page? It's like, okay, well they need to click a link. Okay, well, what needs to happen for them to click a link? Are they getting it through content or through email? And then if they got on your email, how are they getting on your email? And essentially you can just work your way backwards through the process, and then once it's all mapped out, that's where things get really exciting. Yeah, kind of nerdy about this stuff because once it's mapped out, now you can start looking for gaps, for leaks in your funnel. You can start finding areas where you're losing people through some random mistake or messaging that just doesn't quite line up, for example, if everybody's clicking over to your sales page but nobody's opting in or nobody's buying, well, now we know we have a conversion issue on the sales page, on the other hand, if people are joining your email list but then never opening any of your emails, well, now we know we have an issue with congruence between what was promised and what's being delivered, or perhaps we're just collecting bad emails. Or if we map it all the way out and we get to the sales call and we realize that we're only closing one in four or one in five when we should be closing one in three or one in two, well now we know we can start looking at that and we can look at all of the steps up to it. And was there a congruence issue, again, were there pricing expectations? Were there other objections and sales issues that we could have overcome in our marketing prior? What's really cool about this is that we make a small tweak over here and we increase conversions by 2% and we increase that one by 3% and that one by 1%, well, it's not like we're adding these things up just one after another, they compound. So an increase by 3% here could lead to 10 or 20 or 30 more sales, which could then lead to thousands or tens of thousands or even millions more dollars in revenue at the end. Speaking of revenue, next step here after our funnel is CLV, which stands for Customer Lifetime Value, sometimes referred to as LTV for Lifetime Value or LCV for Lifetime Customer Value, whatever it is, it's pretty much all the same thing, which what is the value of a customer to your business over their lifetime period? Now, some people look at this in revenue, some people look at it in profit. I typically like to look at it in profit, but it depends on the formula that we're looking at. The point is, if you've never done this before, this is an incredibly powerful exercise to run through to figure out just how valuable someone is to your business. And I'm willing to bet regardless of what business or market or industry you're in, it's significantly higher than you thought, which means that you now have permission to do significantly more marketing and invest in significantly more content because you know just how profitable and how valuable new customers and new clients and new sales are for your business, so that's step one, figure out what is your CLV, after that, you need to find ways to encourage and increase retention. The number of clients and customers that you're going to keep, the length of time that you're going to keep them, and then finding other ways to increase that Customer Lifetime Value, either by selling them more things, by selling them more things more often, by increasing the price, by providing upsells and down sales and cross sales, essentially other ways and other opportunities to solve problems that they have. And that's an important point to make here. What we're doing with our marketing and with our offers is we're solving problems that they have and when we solve a big enough problem, we're rewarded in direct proportion to the value of the problem we solve. This is why some people make a whole lot of money. It's because they solve big problems and some people struggle to make any money at all because they're just not solving enough problems for enough people, or they're not solving big enough problems for enough people, okay, so that is CLV, and what you may notice is that is kind of the final ring of our concentric expanding circles, right, moving all the way out, but we still have one left. And the reason that I almost didn't want to give it a ring of its own, but rather have it sort of circle the whole thing is because especially today, especially now in moving into the future, it's so important that it almost needs to overlap and encompass everything else that we're doing. This is going to support all of the marketing of your offer. It's going to help move you to towards your goals faster than you ever thought. It's appealing to every target market. More people consume this kind of content than anything else. Basically checks the box for being able to clearly articulate miracles and miseries, it works with almost every single platform, which means we can put it in front of people and where they're present and active online, it's the best content type, we can embed it in email, it works as part of the funnel, so on and so forth. Probably no surprise here that the final piece of the puzzle is video. Essentially, the big question that you want to ask yourself here is how can you supercharge everything you're doing with a video marketing strategy? Now, clearly for long form video. Youtube is the best place to do it, that said, I appreciate that if you've never done video marketing before, if you are just getting started, you're not comfortable in front of a camera. That's a pretty big ask. So we can put that on the back burner for now, and there are a lot smaller and somewhat still very effective steps that you can take leading up to this inevitable conclusion. Number one, start with stories. Grab your phone, look into it, hit record. Go live for like 15 or 30 seconds and share some kind of valuable tip or insight or story or something that's going on, very low barrier, no editing required. Raw and authentic will beat overly produced and polished every single day of the week. If you feel like taking it up a step further, do more of them once, twice, three, four times even a day isn't a bad strategy. You can do them on Instagram, you can do them on Facebook, you can do them on a number of different platforms as well, depending on subscriber counts and what rules are coming and going. But stories are a great way to sort of dip your toes into the water and get started. Next If you're willing to take it that next step further, and you want to capitalize on all of the available organic reach right now, short form vertical content is still going to be your best bet. These are things like Instagram reels and TikTok and YouTube shorts. The length of these varies, different platforms tend to have preferences for different length videos, but typically we're looking at 15 to 30 seconds, 30 to 60 seconds, somewhere around that range. So what's something that you can talk about for 30 to 60 seconds? I'm willing to bet that if you've been in business for any length of time or you have any sort of passion or interest in what you're doing, there's a lot of stuff that you could share that other people would be interested in hearing about, of course, if you really want to dominate your space, become the leader in your industry, then YouTube is clearly going to be the winner here for longform video content, so don't be afraid to test it out. Upload a few bad videos at first, I mean, the beauty of just getting started is nobody's really around to watch your stuff, so you get a chance to sort of practice and experiment a little bit without all the judgment of the internet. Looking back on my first videos, they were awkward and incredibly sweaty, and I was super nervous and I didn't know how to use a camera, so it's kind of blurry, and I didn't know how to use a microphone, so it only came outta one side, yeah, it was, it was rough. But the point is that practice does make progress and you've gotta start somewhere in order to get better, all that said, there are still seven more tactics and strategies and tricks and hacks that I didn't have a chance to get to in this video. So that's why I've linked up a video right here with seven of the most proven and effective marketing strategies for you to take a look at right now. So make sure to hop in there and I'll see you in the next video. Understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today, will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it, get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [84 likes]: ⚡ Start Your Extended 30-Day HighLevel Trial
Get the exact system, templates & automations I use:
https://adamerhart.co/3MYeRMM

👉 Want the full AI Agency setup?
Free course + $8,273 in bonuses:
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2
  2. @granny132ooz [14 likes]: most of these methods are inside those 2 gems I read. first is the sales page effect - tom gvinadi, and second one is 1m offer - alex hormozi.
  3. @PhelistersNyahiri [2 likes]: Glad i learned something….Hope to expand more using these strategies
  4. @MarkOhlendorf [1 likes]: Very good ❤🎉
  5. @shyannrobertson3570 [1 likes]: I do car freshener
  6. @createwithjolie: 🙌🙌
  7. @shraddha_koli: 🔥 this one got that okay fine just one more replay energy 😭🔥
  8. @HWL_tech_mods: this was edited in a way that never let the energy drop 😭 every cut actually matched the vibe instead of feeling random, which made it way more satisfying to watch
  9. @RobertReuben-c9g: Please u are too fast in talking and bearly hear wat u are saying .....if u are teaching people are u not suppose to be talking small small 
..instead u are just going fast fast like water.
  10. @RobertReuben-c9g: Please u are too fast in talking and bearly hear wat u are saying .....if u are teaching people are u not suppose to be talking small small 
..instead u are just going fast fast like water.
  11. @WebsiteRanking-y8y: This is absolutely fantastic ❤🎉
  12. @JeddManzo: Hi I'm so thankful for this video I'm trying to start an online shop
  13. @unseenhours26: Well I wanna help a business grow but I am just new to all this. It's a small sweets business, and it is decent but I'd like to see it grow and earn more money. Got any tips what I should do?
  14. @nills2gills811: Best A to Z video. If you wrote a book I would buy it
  15. @ahmedbilal8079: This was unbelievably satisfying to watch!
  16. @Wolf-RüdigerKotte: This one was really usefull for me
  17. @BrendaMukami-q2h: You have summarized what I have been learning for 4 years.. I really love your work
  18. @VAPromo-agency: Looks like the recap of the fundamentals of marketing 😳
  19. @minecraftmontages4460: I recently started a bin cleaning business called “bin bath cleaning” and this video really helped appreciate it
  20. @Societyisrigged: Waffle waffle waffle.

- YouTube Monetization Explained - How To Make Money From YouTube in 2025!: Kind: captions Language: en this is everything you need to know about YouTube monetization I'm going to cover the different ways that you can make money on YouTube itself once you meet the YouTube Partner program requirements now obviously there's other ways you can make money off the back of your YouTube channel as well and I've got links in the description if you want to dive further into that after this video so in this video we're looking at how YouTube itself pays you so in order to get paid by YouTube you do need to be in the YouTube Partner program and there's actually now two tiers of the program there is a a lower tier and a higher tier so to be eligible for the lower tier you do need to have 500 subscribers you need to have three public video uploads in the last 90 days and you also need to have either 3,000 public watch hours in the past 12 months or 3 million public shorts views in the last 90 days you also need to be in a country or region that supports the YouTube Partner program so once you've reached this level and you've applied to be in the program you've been accepted this is going to unlock supers for you so super chat super stickers and super thanks and this is really at the core of YouTube fan funding so your fans your followers your viewers have the ability to either donate to you via chat so super chat so while your live viewers of that live stream can send you a promoted or boosted chat message which also includes a tip or a donation for you as well with an amount that they specify on their end very similar to this is super stickers again again while you're live so you need to be doing a live stream that your viewers can send you a sticker which also has a monetary value associated with it again think a tip or donation from your viewers but it also unlocks super thanks which essentially gives you the ability to have that same capability but not while you're live so you can actually have a thanks button that will appear under your regular YouTube videos that at any time when someone's consuming your content they can click on that they can send you a message as you would a YouTube comment and they can specify how much money they want to donate or send you at that point and all of these super chats super stickers and super thanks they're all designed to stand out on your content as well so it highlights the viewer their message or their sticker so that they stand out there as well this lower tier of the YouTube Partner program also unlocks YouTube channel memberships think of this like your own patreon or buy me a coffee but built directly into YouTube so the way this works is you as the channel owner can enable Channel memberships and then you can create different tiers or monetary amounts that people will pay you on a recurring basis to be a channel member and each one of these tiers that you create could be different amounts but also offer different perks as YouTube calls them so a perk could be something like access to exclusive live streams access to exclusive Community posts exclusive content there's also ways to integrate this with external platforms as as well for even sharing course content or deeper dive stuff but this can be a great recurring Revenue model for you where it makes it easy for your viewers to support you if they like what you're doing and obviously to get access to some of these perks that you offer too that's probably worth noting that while you get access to all of these things at these different levels you definitely don't need to have them all set up and running you get to choose and that's what I love about this is that you can build the business or the revenue streams that you want off this so if YouTube channel memberships sounds like a nightmare for you to run and to set up all the perks or whatever then you don't need to do it but there's an opportunity there for you now in terms of the fan funding options that we've covered so far with Channel memberships and the supers you as the channel owner get to keep 70% of that Revenue after YouTube takes a 30% cut and the last thing that you unlock on this lower tier YouTube Partner program is YouTube shopping again only if this is actually functional and accessible in your country or region but this is where you'll have the ability to promote and sell your own products or merchandise directly on YouTube and when you set this up you can actually have your own products and things showing up beneath your videos but also while you're live too now to set this up this is where you will need to be using an approved platform something like Shopify there's other options as well and obviously have your products and everything set up for sale on that and it's going to create a link between the two for you so that's what's available right now in the lower tier of the YouTube Partner program but if you're in that program and you're progressing through your channel still growing then once you reach the requirements to enable the full tier you don't need to reapply because you're already in just those extra features are going to unlock so to be eligible to join the full YouTube Partner program the top tier this is where you will need to have 1,000 subscribers on your channel you'll need to have 4,000 hours of public watch time in the past 12 months or you'll need to have 10 million valid public short views in the past 90 days now your channel will also need to be in good standing with YouTube as well meaning that you're compliant with YouTube's monetization policies no Community guidelines strikes that you have an AdSense account set up as well but once you're in there and once you're accepted this is when you can turn on YouTube ad revenue and this is the most popular way that people make money from YouTube It's the biggest way that we make money from YouTube paying us themselves so in this higher tier obviously you get access to all of the supers the shopping and the memberships from the lower tier as well and you get to enable YouTube ads but this is also where you get extra revenue from things like YouTube premium so for anyone that is consuming your content that does have a YouTube premium account where they're not seeing ads then this is where your content can earn a portion of that subscription fee based on watch time and this is automatically set up and managed by YouTube themselves and you'll be able to view your earnings from ad revenue and from YouTube premium Revenue in your YouTube analytics now in terms of a revenue split or cut from the ad side of YouTube this is where it's around 55% that the creators get to have whereas the rest the 45 goes to YouTube obviously that's after fees and everything as well YouTube are also currently testing and slowly rolling out YouTube shopping Affiliates for people in the higher partner program as well so with this you don't need to have your own products that you can use with YouTube shopping your own merchandise or whatever this gives the ability to promote and to help sell other products and things that you don't own that you don't need to have in a warehouse and ship out or any of that stuff you can be an affiliate for these products so if you're mentioning them in your video then they can show up below it where people can buy that product from Amazon or wherever it is and you can earn an affiliate commission from that too I think this is absolutely awesome and I can't wait to get access we don't have access yet I think right now this is only in the US but I really love the opportunity here for this and with YouTube shopping in general and it sounds like from what I've heard they've got a big push for this coming on the TV side of things too fingers crossed so those are the ways right now that you can make money from YouTube itself but there's other ways that you can make money from your YouTube channel and I've got some videos linked on screen to help you even further with that including affiliate Revenue which is my favorite as always check out the links in the description below for more links more resources to help you even further and I will see you in the next video cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChuckyXfreestyle [1 likes]: What if you're 16-17 and Don't have a government ID?
  2. @mishikarana-g3b [1 likes]: Thanks
  3. @geraldlermont6656: How long does it take to be accepted or rejected into the YouTube Partner Program?
  4. @marywilliams1842: Today, is the day... I'm going to work on my channel today
  5. @yadibjm4742: Thanks for information 👍
  6. @Pass-Timekiller: Im shooting for the higher tier with ad revenue. I dont want my fans to feel pressured to pay for my content. I just want to play some games and enjoy the ride
  7. @juanmanuelvelazquezavila8696: ¡Gracias!
  8. @heretojustvibe: Just got monetised yesterday!!!! 

All the best to all fellow youtubers 🫶🏻
  9. @dalisocobra23.: “Most small channels don’t fail because of effort—they fail because their videos aren’t positioned for a specific viewer. Growth really starts when your content solves one clear problem.”
  10. @VokeClipzYT: why cant i get my valid views to go up? i have 4 thousand views in the past like 4 days and only 6 valid views?
  11. @rossiepraise-rn2si: New beginners let's keep building
  12. @cabilbrey97: Supporting new channel.  ❤
  13. @jonaskanor: Wow that's is my favorite time
  14. @K_Dubln: Super clear breakdown of the two-tier partner program, The explanation of how YouTube shopping and premium revenue works was especially helpful for planning out my channel strategy. Thanks for the update🚀✨
  15. @AllbyOlyArt: Very helpful, thank you
  16. @Luxuryescapism: I have just started posting this week, thank you for this video it was very informative. I’m hoping I can hit 100 subscribers in a months time. 🤞
  17. @yerielbauzaaaa: im a small artist trying my best to make good music In music
  18. @RunwayOceanTV: nice video
  19. @l.tjustonsenack: in my eyes if yr makeing money off utube u r all sell out u sold yr soel for money utube no longer is fun u if u  make money u forget y u started utube in the first place its simple money changes people and the way in witch they look at  life sure yr financial 
problem gets better but a soon u'll be spending yr hard earand money on pointless stuff that has no meaning
  20. @TaiChiandRelax: I started in September of '25 as a way to reach more Tai Chi students. My channel isn't flashy. I just provide clear, digestable instruction. At 187 subscribers I'm told I'm doing well for startong so recently. I don't know if I'll ever get monetized but that's 187 students I wouldn't have otherwise. I'll call that a win.

- I MONETIZED A Youtube Channel In 10 Days Only To Prove It’s NOT Luck: Kind: captions Language: en I monetized this YouTube channel in 10 days only and I will prove you it was not luck. I will reveal how I did it, my niche and how much I earned specifically from this channel at the end including YouTube ads revenue, sponsorships and the business I did on this channel. But before telling you how I did this, if you don't know me, watch this video to know my story. How I, a middle-class boy, made thousands of dollars from YouTube. Now, let me tell you how I did it. So, this was the channel. It actually didn't have any niche and my friend was posting random videos, tutorials and was only getting two views, five views on his videos and sometimes 200 views rarely. So, I took and bought his dead channel and thought I should use the skills I have and revive this channel. Usually, if you have a channel that is getting good views, like a 1,000 views, and you just go and change the niche immediately, you will always get very less views and your channel will get dead. But in this case, this channel was already dead and getting only one view. So from my expertise I knew we can revive this. To revive this channel first we needed to choose a niche on which I could search a video topic about. So in this case I chose a very very specific niche which was organic drop shipping which is actually a very high RPM niche. This niche gets you a RPM of $15 $30. It was really trending at the time and new YouTubers on this niche were blowing up. Now right after I found the niche my next step was to find a video topic. After doing some research, I found a YouTuber which was doing so well in this niche. This is him. I actually started watching his videos and researching, watching the comments and analyzing what is getting this person more views than his competitors. So, one day he actually uploaded a new video and right after 10 minutes of his upload, I clicked on it and started watching the video. And one of the crazy things that happened was that this guy launched his course in that video. And I knew so many people were going to buy that course. And I got an opportunity, but it was not that I'd learn from his course, but I will buy the course and then make a review video about it and upload this to that dead YouTube channel. This way, I'll take advantage of his fame and also get views from search. So, I bought the course and watched the videos. But his course was very bad and basic, which actually deserved one star. I tried his program. Now, I was ready to make a video on it. So, I just started writing the script, got my voice ready, and made the video and uploaded the video to that dead channel after doing perfect SEO on it and writing the best title I could ever write. After uploading the video, it got only 19 views in the first 24 hours. But I was not worried because this is not the first channel I ever revived, and I knew YouTube's algorithm always takes time to find the right audience. And this is what happened the next day. YouTube finally clicked the right audience, and the damn video got 1,000 views in a single day. the video started blowing up and then the next day it got 2,000 views. The video got ranked at one position on the search also and since then we have got over 9K views from this video and made $162. But this was just the start of this dead channel and I finally knew how I could make thousands of dollars from this single channel. While this video was blowing up, I immediately set up my business email on this channel to start getting the sponsors. Since the first video was blowing up already, I could see people appreciating my content. I uploaded another video where I motivated the people who were depressed by failing again and again, and it blew up, too. My goal was to make as much money as I can make from this channel and get as many sponsors as I can get and also build a business around this channel. Right after 3 days after that video was uploaded, something very, very crazy happened. We got our first sponsor on this channel. I just checked the email and it was an email from a million-doll company CJ Drop Shipping getting sponsors on just a few videos on channel is very usual. Even the channel you are watching video at has got over 15 emails for sponsor. But the shocking thing was how can a big company like this reach out so early. I thought it was a scam, but then I talked to their official customer support and they told me it's their real marketing email. So I emailed them back and we agreed on a $500 deal. They told me they will pay after the video has been delivered. So, I started working on the next video. My next goal was to make the best video ever that will get the highest engagement so I can request the company for another sponsor so I can print more money. And this video was the turning point for this channel. We uploaded another video on this channel where I made a complete guide on finding products. First day, this video got only 231 views. But I've been making videos for years and knew this was something great because I was getting very higher views per hour than usual. The next day, the video got massive, 1100 views. Then the views started coming down and got only 700 views. But after that it started blowing up again and got 1,400500 views the next day. 1,600 views,300 views and in total this video has got over 21,000 views till now. And this video made us $67. Also we got the $500 payment from our sponsor. Now we have started getting a lot of sponsors already. And one of the sponsors was Viral Echom ads which is a big company for ads right now in this niche. Their founder reached out to me through Instagram and we negotiated for the offer and agreed on $1,000 for multiple videos. Now, after making these couple of thousands of dollars, I wanted to do something big and earn a chunk of money. I was doing research for another topic and thought of making a complete guide on drop shipping. It was a complete highquality video guide we were going to make. And with an average RPM from $1720, we could make thousands of dollars just from AdSense. But this isn't the only thing I wanted to earn from. There was one more thing from which I could make money. It was by doing affiliate marketing and promoting other people's products. I signed up on all the affiliate programs of apps related to drop shipping and got ready with my affiliate links which I would promote in my next video. We also got our next sponsor which was another Shopify app. So after publishing this video, we will be earning from AdSense sponsor and affiliate marketing. Now it was time to make that big video. My goal was to rank the video at one position so we keep earning money for years. It took me a week to make the video from scripting to actually ready to upload. And in total, this video got us 46K views and made $8,39. After this video, our channel started rising. Until now, in total, I have made $27,000. I did $18,000 from AdSense alone, $7,000 from sponsors, and $2,000 from affiliate marketing. This is just a piece of cake for me as I've built multiple channels that make me thousands of dollars. Even the channel you are watching this video at has got 30,000 views on just its second video and still getting views. It's all based on skills. So for you to learn from me, I've made my own private coaching

  Top Comments:
  1. @syraxverse [24 likes]: Join Our Coaching Program: https://whop.com/ytasyrax/the-wnr-club/
  2. @AlwinSköll [1 likes]: :face-purple-wide-eyes:
  3. @Mohdzn [1 likes]: "join our coaching program" gtfoh
  4. @TheSchemeDean: better than me
  5. @UncannyLabs3D: All the best
  6. @Milowvc: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 🐯❤️🦁❤️❤️❤️
  7. @coolmination: Useful
  8. @justgame2000: Wow, this is motivating. I'm not giving up
  9. @silentatlas2: Thanks for zero(0) subscribe 0❤❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @alex-k3v4l: i live in a third world country can i get a audience on my channel from Usa or Uk if i upload english content
  11. @yutadevs: thank you so much for sharing your experience man
  12. @EstudiRelax: A alguien mas le parece raro que el canal no existe? Lo busque en todos lados y no hay prueba alguna
  13. @zelaznytraktor: 10 days to monetize, oh my god.
  14. @CharmingHorse: Hey I need an editor is there anyone,we'll do 50 50 for revenue
  15. @QuickThreadsss: To all small content creator, we got this!
  16. @prm4uofficial: Интересно, что ты выбрал именно 10 дней как рамку — а какой из этапов оказался самым узким местом, набор часов просмотра или подписчики? Один момент, который часто упускают в таких системах: ранние комментарии в первый час после публикации сильно влияют на то, попадёт ли видео в рекомендации, так что работа с комьюнити с первого дня — это не бонус, а часть самой системы монетизации.
  17. @FlowWaveBGM: Best luck to all with their Youtube channels!
  18. @ImanRise-z9s: Hey can you grow my chanal that from I am commenting?
  19. @TvClips4YouReal: bet
  20. @RealVoltix-uWu: Ssly man crazyyy ❤
Lets gooo

- how long it takes to monetize a new yt shorts channel: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I want to show you guys with real actual examples how long it usually takes to monetize a new YouTube shorts Channel I've gotten many YouTube channels monetized including three of my own personal channels so that would be fly juggler which is verified and has 92,000 Subs money mind news which was supposed to be my main Channel talking about entrepreneurship but now it's kind of my side Channel and of course this channel money mind unfiltered with now 26k subs and also is monetized and I'm fully transparent on how much these personal channels make it's made $239 $288 and $1,000 in the past 28 days respectively on each of these channels then on top of that I run a bunch of faceless channels one of my biggest ones is called stories told with 2.6k made in the past 28 days and then when you add on music royalties I have another $3,000 made on top of that so we've grown many channels to get into the YouTube shorts monetization program and I have a lot of experience with it and we're actually currently as this video is going out growing new channels and so I'm going to be going over a couple of the channels that we've grown how long it took to grow and then looking at some of the new channels that I'm growing right now and how quickly those channels will grow so let's get right into it so the first channel that we should probably take a look at is actually one of the first channels as part of my faceless portfolio that was monetized now full transparency this is my co-founder Channel this is not one that the business owns but I was here with him the entire way that his YouTube was grown and so I was here from day one when he was posting and getting no views so he's I guess a different case because he was already very viral on Tik Tok before he started so he already knew that he had a very viral format he just never posted to YouTube shorts yet but he started posting to YouTube shorts in June and then didn't start posting consistently until late July and then literally after July 27th he started posting very consistently starting in August and after around 40 videos he had his first viral one I guess he had this one and then he had this one which went super viral and got 9 million views and that video on its own pretty much was enough to get the channel monetized and you can see here with his analytics that literally the first couple days he started getting views his whole Channel just went absolutely crazy with him even having one day where he had 9 million views in a single day which was crazy so if you know what you're doing and you already have viral content you can get monetized in literally under a month and I'm showing you right here how it happened starting August 5th he was literally getting no views like you can see here it says 26 and 11 views and then after we hit August 16th he starts hitting 39,000 views and then slowly climbing to 880,000 views 100,000 views and then 700,000 the day right after after that 1.5 mil and then climbs to 3 mil 4 mil 7 mil in a single day by September 3rd and then from here obviously his channel went through fluctuations but it still stayed pretty stable at like a million to 2 million views per day so yeah that is the first experience I had with monetizing a new YouTube channel and that just blew up insanely quickly it was kind of bizarre it can happen in like 15 days like his did but that's not a very normal trajectory so that's why I think we should look at some of the other faceless channels that we've grown so now I'm going to be looking at stories told now the truth is this is kind of kind of a bad example because due to the content reuse policy we ended up deleting a bunch of our old videos so you won't really be able to see the full history here because this kind of makes it look like our first viral video was on October 2nd and had 1.3 million views and obviously our first video didn't get 1.3 million views we had a lot of videos posted before then but I would say this channel wasn't consistent at all until again late August or early September and so again this channel took around a month to get monetized so we had this video go viral this video go viral and then by the time we had the October 6th one go viral we had enough views to apply but at first we got rejected from the content reuse so we had to wait to reapply again and then it wasn't until November 25th where we reapplied and actually got accepted so we hit the monetization threshold within a month but we didn't actually get monetized for 2 months due to the content reuse policy so I'll actually keep track of this on a handy-dandy sticky note but channel one took around 15 days to get monetized channel 2 stories told took around 60 days to fully get monetized 30 to 60 depending on how you look at it but let's look at our third monetized channel so loving creatures this channel is just now really starting to pick up in terms of Revenue and Views but if we look we can see this channel took us quite a bit longer to get monetized so obviously the First videos were in December and August of 2024 because this is one of our age channels so we had other random content going out before them but we decided to try to switch this into an animal channel and we started posting to it in late September pretty much early October like October 4th and it was pretty inconsistent like we had October 7th October 9th October 11th and then October 23rd you can see we didn't really post super consistently but even at these early stages we were getting a couple videos with a million views here another one with a million views but we weren't monetized yet cuz you need 10 million in the past 90 days we had another pretty viral one in November but it wasn't all the way until like December 23rd when we had this video go super viral that we were able to get monetized and then we probably didn't actually hit the threshold until around January 1st so we were posting a bit inconsistently but I'd say after November we were pretty consistent and then it took around 2 to 3 months so so posting a little bit of October all of November all of December and then after that we were monetized so like 2 and 1/ half months or around 75 days so let's write that down channel 3 75 days now those are all the monetized channels that we have so we can take a look at some other channels that we tried growing and what happened with them and if they're able to be monetized so one example is this channel wholesome clip which has 2.1 million views in the past 90 days but the thing is with this channel we stopped posting on it cuz we have an active copyright strike and that seems to be affecting the videos pretty badly like the videos were doing fine in December and then we got hit with a copyright strike around here and even though we had one pop off then we started getting a bunch of videos that were just getting under 1,000 views so we were like okay this isn't working so this is an example of a channel where we've at least stalled for now or given up but on this channel again we were a little inconsistent in August to September we paused for a while and then came back in December and then from December 19th to January 1st we were able to get some pretty viral videos or January 4th right here but after this copyright strike then our videos started flopping so we've decided to pause this channel so I'll write that down as Channel 4 suspended partially after around 1 month of trying to grow it now I'll show you guys some fresh channels that we're trying to grow so this is actually my personal account right here you can see it literally is my name Bennett santor and we just started posting animal videos to this one because it's an aged account and I figured it would work and the first video posted on this was December 17th which got 16k views so we decided to return back to this channel on January 77 and posted animal videos consistently to it so literally it's been exactly 1 month since January 17th it is now February 18th so actually 1 month and one day and within that time frame we've had two videos hit over 100k views and in the past 28 days we're at 740,000 views which means that we need another 9 million views to get monetized but channels do kind of seem to work a little bit momentum based so once you get one video rolling you end up with one or two or three really viral ones that blow up the channel and get it monetized so my hypothesis is that within 1 to two more months we'll be monetized on this channel so I'll say Channel 5 we around onethird of the way there I'd say given how the Channel's momentum probably will work after 1 month of consistent posts now compare that with this channel animal moments where we started posting pretty consistently starting again on January 12th and from January 12th to February 18th we haven't been doing as good on here we have around 400,000 views but honestly it's not that much about the views as it is the fact that we still haven't hit a single single video over 30k views even so that's a pretty bad sign this channel isn't really taking off or necessarily going anywhere so I'll write Channel 6 kind of flopping after 1 month we'll see if we can get it to pop off but yeah it's kind of flopping so yeah this is pretty much the stats I would say on average if you know what you're doing it will take still probably 1 to 3 months to monetize a new channel and sometimes you'll have complete failures within that so for example we have had channels that after 1 month still are flopping and we still haven't gotten a single video over 100k views versus some we had to suspend temporarily due to copyright strikes and then on another even after a month of growth it's still not that crazy and to get monetized we will take some time obviously still anyways the point of this channel is to basically not gatekeep and be fully transparent about different make money online tactics and so this video was really meant to give a realistic timeline of how long it should take to monetize a channel if you are doing stuff correctly and this right here is literally data from the channels that we have monetized and that we are trying to monetize so far so I hope that the video is true to the mission and I obviously didn't gatekeep and that this will better inform you of if you're on track or not on track in terms of how quickly your channel should be starting to get views if you support my mission of transparency you could subscribe or go to my Discord and practice transparency by literally just hopping in the chat and dropping your best money-making sauce thank you all so much for watching I'll catch you on the next video and peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneymindunfiltered [18 likes]: The best way to support my mission of full transparency is to join my discord and drop your best money-making sauce 👊: http://discord.gg/moneymind
  2. @SillyMotivationalAnimals [1 likes]: Thanks for the info!
Small channel, growing daily!
  3. @CastanFacts [1 likes]: Maybe one day..😅
  4. @AnatolyClipz [1 likes]: lets go small youtuberssss
  5. @CodeMonicaOGYN: Have some patience guys, we will all get there
  6. @Thepodium06: im on my way
  7. @monkeychamp-j9n: I hope that small Creator Like me gets his channel monetized soon
  8. @isitreal_animation: good explanation, thanks!
  9. @CatsChaosTV1: lets grow together!!
  10. @MicdropClipsYT: Really good
  11. @prayerforyou-y5t: To the one who read this comment I'm praying for your success in Jesus name amen
  12. @DailySproutKids: Awesome! Let's team up and grow our YouTube channel together. 🚀🚀🚀
  13. @itsQlutch: Should i continue?
  14. @SarahJonasAi: nice video
  15. @wfhighlights-n: God help us 🙏
  16. @Kaynz-muzik: Thanks mate
  17. @Montagne0: contenido de calidad este video 💯💯
  18. @cinavaro: 1K subs 4 Million views in first month of doing YT
  19. @Upthrix: Great video
  20. @WhiteNinja22: yeah

- I've never seen a faster way to get monetized: Kind: captions Language: fil Dati, taon bago ma-monetize ang creators,- pero may ilang channels na nagagawa 'to sa tatlumpung araw lang! -Ang tanong! paano!? Ano bang alam nila sa YouTube na 'di natin alam? Well! habang tumatagal ang YouTube! may napansin akong interesante! Paraming YouTuber ang nadiskubreng may siyensya! sa pagpapa-monetize. -At habang kumakalat ang techniques na 'to! mas maraming channel ang nama-monetize nang mas mabilis! Sa video na 'to! ibubunyag ko ang ilang sikretong technique na ginagamit nila! para mas mabilis mong maabot ang monetization requirements! Hindi lang ito tungkol sa pagpili ng isang viral na niche! o pagkakaroon ng mas magandang video idea. Sa halip, tatalakayin ko yung mga bago! at bihirang strategies na ginagamit mismo ng channels na 'to! ito ang malaking dahilan kung bakit sila nama-monetize nang maaga! Lesson one! ang ganda ng packaging nila. Hindi sa paraang iniisip mo. Itong video. Baka nakita mo na 'tong channel, lumago sa mahigit siyam na raang libong subscribers sa labing-apat na video lang! Baka isipin mong dahilan kung bakit sumikat 'to ay dahil sa thumbnail! Pero sa tingin ko, yung mismong title! ang nagpa-clickable dito. Lahat pinag-uusapan ang pagpapaganda ng thumbnails para sa views, kasama ako, pero bihira! may magsalita tungkol sa pagpapaganda ng titles! na napaka-importante- minsan mas importante pa. Halimbawa, itong partikular na video! Galing sa channel na fina-follow ko! Nakakagulat na nag-mega viral siya kahit walang magarbong thumbnail! Simpleng still images lang sa opisina ang ginamit. Pero sa mga titles niya! napakagaling ng pagkakagawa! Gumagamit siya ng psychological techniques para maging clickable ang videos! Ang unang technique ay specificity! Maging sobrang specific sa titles! Imbes na, pinakamabilis kumita ng sampung libo kada buwan! gumamit siya ng specifics! tulad ng tatlong libo hanggang limang libo! at papasok sa bank account mo! Malakas din ang dating ng title dahil nangangako ito ng gusto ng audience sa maikling panahon. Mabisang paraan 'to para maging clickable ang titles! dahil nagdaragdag ng pagka-apurado! Kung ang title ay paano kumita ng tatlong libo hanggang limang libong dolyar online. Sa pagdagdag ng pinakamabilis! at papasok sa bank account mo! nagdadagdag ito ng kuryosidad! na uudyok sa'yong mag-click. Kaya kung gusto mong dumami ang views mo, mahalagang i-test mo itong mga strategy para sa titles mo. Ang sunod na ginagamit ng maliliit na channel para mabilis ma-monetize ay ang kakayahang mag-build ng credibility! importante para mag-build ng tiwala at interes sa videos mo. Halimbawa nito ang basketball channel na Out of Bounds! Sa labing-apat na video, nakakuha sila ng mahigit labing-apat at kalahating milyong views at apatnapu't tatlong libong subscribers! gamit ang simpleng strategy! Imbes mag-build ng credibility, ginamit nila ang sikat na personalidad sa basketball na may atensyon na! Yung pangalawang video nila, mahigit dalawang milyong views. Ginamit nila ang mukha ni Mugsy Bogues! isang NBA player, para gamitin ang atensyon sa kanya. Nakatulong 'to magka-authority sila dahil gumagawa sila ng videos tungkol sa players na kilala at nirerespeto na ng audience! Baka iniisip mo, paano kung hindi documentary channel ang channel ko? Pwede pa rin 'to sa kahit anong niche. Step one! I-structure ang video mo sa isang authority source. Sa fitness content, pwedeng morning routine ng paboritong atleta! Sa cooking content, paano gawin ang paboritong putahe ng sikat na chef. Ang importante ay gumamit ng authority figure na kilala ng milyon-milyon. Step two! Idagdag sila sa packaging mo, gamitin ang mukha nila para sa atensyon, at siguraduhing ito ang una sa thumbnail para agad! makilala ang authority figure. Makakatulong 'to mag-build ng authority at makuha ang atensyon sa niche mo, kahit zero subscribers at credibility! Pero ang sikreto para gumana 'to! ay patuloy na pag-test ng authority figures at tingnan kung alin ang may atensyon! Ang susunod na epektibong technique na ginagamit ng maliliit na channel para mas mabilis ma-monetize ay ang The double down strategy. Pag-usapan natin itong channel na 'to! Sa loob lamang ng wala pang labindalawang buwan, lumago sila mula sa pitong libo hanggang sa mahigit isandaan at limampung libong subscribers! Isa sa mga bago nilang video ay nakakuha ng mahigit limang milyong views! -Pero tandaan na sa mga nauna nilang video noon, talagang nahirapan silang lumagpas sa sampu hanggang labinlimang libong views lang. Nag-test sila noon ng iba't ibang mga format, tulad ng dog grooming, review ng pagkain ng aso,- pati pagsakay ng aso sa tren. Pero wala talagang nag-viral! Tapos, nag-test sila ng halos kaparehong! format dito! mas gumanda na ang resulta nito! Lumagpas ito sa dati nilang views! Nag-test sila ng kaparehong format dito! lalo pang nag-viral. Mahigit dalawa't point siyam na milyong views. Mula noon, inulit-ulit nila ang format, at patuloy nagva-viral! Ang napansin ko sa maliliit na channel, magte-test sila ng formats hanggang may gumana, tapos ido-double down nila 'yon! na may twist! Kung gusto mong ma-monetize nang mabilis, gawin mo rin 'yon. Pumili ng dalawa hanggang tatlong format na ite-test! hanapin ang may pinakamagandang performance! Kung may format na mas maganda ang performance, gumawa pa ng isa hanggang dalawang video gamit ang parehong format! Yung eksaktong parehong structure ng topic, formula ng title, style ng thumbnail, haba ng video, style ng opening hook! Mapapansin mo sa channel na 'to, parang! inuulit ang eksaktong parehong video. Hindi lang magkakatulad. Gumagawa sila ng halos parehong-pareho! sa format, iba lang ang content. Gawin mo yung pareho, yung parehong video hanggang 'di na mag-perform. Magandang strategy 'to para sa views, pero hindi palaging nagreresulta sa mabilis na pagdami ng subscriber! May huling cheat code akong ibabahagi na ginagamit ng maliliit na channel para makuha ang huling apat na raan hanggang limang daang subscribers! para ma-monetize. Aabutin ka lang ng dagdag na dalawampu hanggang tatlumpung minuto kada video! Buksan ang YouTube sa phone mo at pumili ng video mong maganda ang performance Yung may magandang watch time at engagement. I-click mo lang ang video na napili mo at sa bandang ilalim! may makikita kang button na remix. I-click mo 'yan at pagkatapos ay piliin ang edit into short! Agad bubuksan ng YouTube ang editor para makapili ka ng eksaktong parte ng video na gagawin mong short! Hindi mo kailangan ng magarbong editing software! Hindi kailangang mag-reshoot. Nire-repurpose mo lang ang nagawa mo na. Humanap ng section sa video na nagbibigay ng buong ideya! o tip sa tatlong minuto o mas maikli, yung kayang tumayo mag-isa! at may value pa rin. Piliin ang clip gamit ang trimming tool ng YouTube. Pero ang sikreto bago i-publish! magdagdag ng auto caption at call to action sa dulo. Tulad ng subscribe for more tips! gamitin lang ang text feature. Solid na hack 'to! dahil pwede kang makakuha ng ilang daang subscribers! gamit ang shorts, at hindi ito nangangailangan ng maraming oras! Gaano man ka-helpful! ang mga hack na 'to! hindi pa rin makakasigurong mama-monetize ang channel mo kung 'di mo alam ang fundamentals ng YouTube. Para matutunan ang fundamentals! panoorin mo itong video dito mismo.

  Top Comments:
  1. @baillyf1 [1 likes]: There isn't a remix on Macbook browser.
  2. @SilverFoxinMexico-lx5sm [1 likes]: I have 817 subscribers and 4,035 hours. Just trying to get over that final hump
  3. @Marzo17_aviation [1 likes]: Please help Im currently in the stages of being verified however, have been demonetised 3x now!! Every penny I made from ad revenue YouTube is consistently seizing without proper cause other than “you violated YouTube monetisation policies” and “invalid views” I have been robbed of 1000s of £ and I need to get monetised fast please help me
  4. @medir-acao: But may we use the image of a famous figure without their permission?
  5. @MohdNaeem-i9e: Nice video ❤❤❤
  6. @FOTU_Official: It is tough doing it the legit way... Generic.
  7. @bangonfishingadventures: no remix button on mine
  8. @WhiteGranny: 😢😊
  9. @LegitLarry517: I struggle with this because I have never clicked on a video because of the thumbnail or title. Actually it’s the odd ones, the ones that don’t look polished that catch my attention the most. If it’s not in my interest it doesn’t matter what the title is or the thumbnail looks like. I do it anyway because it’s not about me but still.
  10. @UltraMonolith: Few days in, soon there.
  11. @selfhealingwithsarah: I have subscribed and paid for subscription because I am literally binge watching all your content because I want to grow and for my videos to reach those who will need them the most. My page is all about healing and I have found the advice on all your videos so helpful... Just need to reach those milestones and eventually start monetising.
  12. @KBELITE2512: Help me up 50only first target😅
  13. @BlairMackintosh: Hi there .. I hope you can help as I'm having a hard time finding the answer to the following question ..... These channels that use a famous person's picture ... do they have to get permission first?
  14. @NYCLINow: I've learned don't stop and start. I stopped for quite a few years only uploading random stuff once in a while. Got serious again and realize how far behind I am.
  15. @BeccaDoss: What would you suggest for finding/choosing an authority figure in my genre of reacting to, and breaking down (in detail), music videos which tie into my goal of helping others feel less alone, more understood, or to give them something to learn/laugh about, usually tying into some degree of mental health, ed recovery, chronic illness and disability/lyme disease, and just helping people feel seen and heard b6 reacting to relatable or emotional music?
  16. @CavyTrades: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized😢
  17. @PhilipMaz-z9f: Nice! I didn't know this. Very helpful. I'm glad viewers helped too, that's excellent.
  18. @healthyalignedtv: Keep on creating good conent everyone
  19. @DailyASMRshorts99: The science you say.
  20. @MariaGako-x6r: Ganon ba kaelangan may fundamental

- Can I go Viral on YT Shorts with ONLY AI?: Kind: captions Language: en Today we have a special video. I want to see if I can go viral on YouTube shorts only using AI. And another challenge I'm adding to this is I want to do it within a day. Now I tried this one time and it it went pretty okay. Here are the results, you know what I mean? We got like 10k views. But this time it's [music] going to be different. So the AI we are using is TopView AI which uses Seed Dance 2.0, an immaculate video engine. And it pretty much turns your prompt into a structured video and storyboards and does pretty much the whole entire workflow for you. So it's the perfect tool for this job. First things first, we should probably search up and find some niches that we can possibly go viral on. Popular YouTube short niches 20 26. Okay, let's see. Okay, we have eight faceless YouTube niches that will make you rich. So let's watch this. Number one. Okay, number one, horror stories, okay. Number two, car videos. That's what we did last time. Number three, short stories. Okay. Number four, celebrity voice reactions. This is not terrible. Horror stories. This one might be crazy. Historical stories. Okay, I kind of like historical stories. Cuz it might be a little interesting, you know what I mean? Let's ask ChatGPT to give us three really good short historical stories so we can feed it to our AI video tool so we can possibly go viral. us historical interesting historical stories stories that can be summed up within 15 seconds of narration. Make us three scripts so we can that have the narration and the visual appropriate to tell a comprehensive engaging story so we can feed it to TopView AI to create YouTube shorts with Seed Dance 2.0. So this is the prompt, just telling ChatGPT to give us three interesting historical seconds of narration. And I told it to make us three scripts that have narration and visuals appropriate to tell a comprehensive engaging story. So, we can feed it to Top View AI and then it will create us our YouTube shorts with C Dance 2.0, which then we will upload and we will go viral. All right, we're sending this prompt. Obviously, each script will go towards one short each. So, we kind of have three chances here to go viral. And here it is. Okay, chat started generating the three stories. And I already I already like the formatting. It gives us the narration. So, we have the Great Emu War. In 1932, Australia sent soldiers with machine guns to stop thousands of emus from destroying farms. This was actually crazy. The emus scattered, outran the trucks, and kept coming back. After weeks of fighting, the government gave up. The emus basically won the war against Australia. And it tells uh Top View what to do and what to put in each scene. So, that's engaging. I feel like this is going to do really well. Oh my gosh. So, for the second short, we have the Dancing Plague of 1518. And then the last one, we have The Man Who Survived Both Atomic Bombs. This one is super interesting. So, let's copy the first one, which is this, and then copy it. And then let's go to Top View, and let's use the Video Agent V2, which is literally the most powerful video model. And obviously, C Dance on it. And then let's paste it in here. Let's also change this to 19 by 16, cuz it is shorts. And let's change [music] it. Let's keep it on Yeah, let's put it to 1080, honestly. And then let's make the duration probably like Yeah, let's keep it 15 seconds, cuz honestly, that might keep the most retention. All right, now let's send it. All right, it's preparing the template. Let's see. Okay, so now it's making like a storyboard type thing. And it's just plotting out the entire thing. All right, so let's generate it. All right, so now it is generating and it will take about 12 minutes. Hopefully, this is good and it's not slop. If this is slop, bro, you know what I mean? I'm I'm I'm deleting the channel. I'm joking. I'm just Yeah, hopefully, this is good because Video Agent V2 is very, very powerful. And as you can see, it's pretty much an AI that can actually just go straight to video. So, yeah, I'll probably come back in 11 minutes, cuz it's going to take a minute. All right, Top View has finished. Okay, and I'm already seeing some nice visuals here. You know what I mean? So, let's uh let's rewind this right here and let's play it. Let's just view it. In 1932, Australia sent soldiers with machine guns to stop thousands of emus from destroying farms. The emus scattered, outran the trucks, and Woah. Yo, these visuals are good. These visuals are good. Let's keep playing it. >> kept coming back. After weeks of fighting, the government gave up. The emus basically won a war Bro, this is actually really good. This is actually reminds me of those shorts, like those historical shorts. And I like how it gave us the POV inside the truck. It really made me feel like I was there, bro. war against Australia. All right, this was perfect, honestly. There's not much else to do to it besides download it. Let's Let's export this. Okay, we have exported it, and now let's upload it to the channel. All right, we're just going to change the title to pretty much what ChatGPT gave to us, The Great Emu War, and let's just paste it in right here. And then the description, we're literally just going to put the narration because it's it's the script. It pretty much describes the entire event. So, let's just paste it in right here. And let's put some hashtags. So, #history, #emus, and #Australia. Let's turn all this off. All right, now for the tags. I asked ChatGPT to make me some, so let's just copy it right here, and let's paste in the tags. Perfect. All right, that's pretty much it. Um yeah, that's pretty much it. Let's set the visibility to public. Boom. That is our first short done, bro. First short. Let's click on it and let's let's see Let's just watch it in the YouTube format. All right, here's our short. Let's like it up, you know. >> 1932, Australia sent soldiers with machine guns to stop thousands of emus from destroying farms. Look at the captions, too. Yeah, this is perfect. >> scattered, outran the trucks, and kept coming back. After weeks of fighting, the government gave up. >> really about to be famous. Yeah, this is good. This is This is amazing. We're about to be famous, bro, by the end of this video. All right, now let's do the second one. So, so we'll just stay inside the top view V2 agent, and let's paste the second one, which is the dancing plague of 1518. Let's copy this narration right here. And this one's pretty much about like in 1518, a woman in Strasbourg started dancing on the street and people started joining her, and no one knows why to this day. So, it's actually pretty interesting and scary. Yeah, let's copy everything here, and let's paste it into Video Agent V2, and everything will pretty much be the same. So, let's now generate [music] it. All right, it is now generating the next part. Hopefully, it gives us some good stuff, bro. This one is probably the most interesting story out of the three, in my opinion. So, I'm hoping it does us justice, honestly. But, we'll see. Let's see. I'll come back when this is done, cuz yeah. All right, it is finally [music] done. So, let's check this bad boy out. All right, let's click play. Hopefully, we don't get slop this time, either. Oh, look at this. Does it have captions? All right, let's see. In 1518, one woman in Strasbourg started dancing in the street and just Dancing? >> Within weeks, hundreds Bro, what was that animation? I like the visuals so far. Okay, let's go on. joined her, dancing for days without rest. Some reportedly collapsed or died from exhaustion. >> Okay, whoa. >> day, nobody knows exactly why. The mystery was never solved. That's Okay, this is good. This is good. Good combination, this ChatGPT and Invideo. It makes very good content. All right, so this will be the second clip. So, let's export it, and now let's go to YouTube, and let's upload this bad boy. Look at this, the first video already has 32 views within like 2 minutes. It already has three likes. Yeah, this is going to go viral, bro. Anyways, let's upload the second video, and let's just drag it in right here. All right, as we did before, let's just change the title to what ChatGPT gave us. So, the Dancing Plague of 1518, and boom, put it in there. In description, let's just change it to narration, obviously. And then the tags, same thing. It already gave us the tags down here. So, let's copy this, and let's paste it in, and boom, our next short is ready, pretty much. So, let's click next, next, next, and let's publish. Boom, second short is up. So, let's click this and watch it real quick. All right, here it is. Let's play it. >> one woman in Strasbourg started dancing in the street and just Yeah. >> couldn't stop. Within weeks, hundreds joined her, >> That's what I like to see. >> dancing for days without rest. Some This looks like the Bible animated. I like it. All right, let's go back to the top view Asian V2 and let's now paste in the third prompt, which is the man who survived both atomic bombs. [music] This is going to be interesting cuz I actually heard about this story. It's pretty interesting. It's pretty scary. Pretty much this guy right here, he survived the first bomb that fell in 1945 and then just moments later, 3 days later, went to Nagasaki and the second bomb dropped and he survived it and he lived to the age of 93. So let's copy all of this and let's paste it in to top view agent V2. Now let's generate this right here and yeah, it's probably going to take 12 minutes so I'll just come back when it's done. All right, so it finally finished. So let's just let's just preview it real quick. I already like the visuals and it seems to have captions so we should Loki should have done that for each of them but let's play it. Tsutomu Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima when the first atomic bomb fell in 19 I like the black and white Okay, okay. Let's keep playing. >> [music] >> injured. He returned home to Nagasaki just in time for the second bomb 3 days later. This looks like an actual movie. This actually looks like a real movie. We must abolish nuclear weapons. He survived both, lived to 93, [music] and later became a voice against Yo, this is fire. This is This was good. This is really This is This might be the best one. I'm not going to lie. This might be the best one. All right, let's export it. And now let's drag and upload this bad boy short three. Hey, let's set the title from chat GBT and obviously let's take the narration and add it to description. Put hashtag World War II because it seems pretty pretty related. And for the tags, we already have it down here. So let's copy all this from chat GBT and let's paste it in right here. All three of our shorts are finally up. Let's refresh the page and see how well they did in 30 minutes. Hey, so our first one got 84 views, three likes. Second one got 39 views and a comment. Yeah, honestly I'm going to check back in 24 hours and update you guys on a YouTube short how well these three shorts do. I have my bets on the last one or the dancing plague one to be doing the best, but honestly, any of them could take off and do very, very well. Can I go viral on YouTube shorts with only AI? We will see in 24 hours. Be sure to check out TopView Agent V2 that I used in this video. It did amazing. Link will be in description. I'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Daleyza-Vs [23 likes]: Bent was due 💔💔💔 ..
  2. @tef-AI [17 likes]: Bent was due 💔💔💔
  3. @AtomicCobraXD [7 likes]: “Job had one bro”
  4. @ditz3ntech [2 likes]: Not missing a tef video 🔥
  5. @SaiyanAce1 [1 likes]: Your last video you said the next video would be a game related video😢😢😢
  6. @ditz3ntech [1 likes]: Next up should be you trying to copy the Phineas2Trappy style! It's been blowing up on TikTok, and it's hilarious! Gets me laughing out loud every time it appears.
  7. @TacticalFox543-r8g [1 likes]: where's the skyrim video
  8. @Burbadog: dumahh show the results on the apps
  9. @Wraithfn2: Back in the day, we tested how good they can copy Fortnite.
  10. @samuelsmusiak: Honestly would it be crazy if you made multiple different slop accounts with specific niche topics like creepy history, boxing histort etc. And just kept farming engagement with the slop content? Does the algorithm have anything in place to keep you from spamming videos like that?
  11. @Baldinewsyt: Yes but you're going to be hit with the demonetisation hammer
  12. @Porcupine_vr: you should make a video where you make an IOS app using AI. Then, add subscriptions or something and see how much you can make.
  13. @MrStormV10: two videos in a row lets go
  14. @r16d47: 15 credits to create one short. For $29/month subsciption you get 80 credits per month. Thats 5.33 shorts, and $5.44 per short. Google search says youtube pays 5 cents per 1k views. So to break even each short would need to generate 108k views EACH.
  15. @hudson4421: ts peak make more of these lmao
  16. @FSnatewya23: Tef next video can you use google antigravity to build a undertale sans clone (first to hype)
  17. @Rehan-p8t6c: Where is the gaming vids
  18. @JDdeRidder-q7h: can you put me in a vid plez.
  19. @dragonrlyt: GUYS LIKE THE VIDEO
  20. @nettings: Yo bro, I like your videos, but man this is so lazy. like if you have a video idea at least try to commit to it you know.

- Why Do Some Videos Go Viral? Uncovering the Science Behind Viral Content! #Viralcontent: Kind: captions Language: en ever wonder why some videos Skyrocket to fame While others Fade Into Obscurity what if I told you there's a science to going viral stick around because today we're diving deep into the fascinating world of viral videos hi everyone welcome back to our Channel if you're new here don't forget to hit that subscribe button and ring the bell to stay updated with our latest content let's unlock the secrets to viral success in today's digital age viral videos are the gold standard of online success from hilarious cat antics to inspiring human stories these videos Captivate Millions but what exactly makes a video go viral is it sheer luck or is there a formula behind it let's explore the science behind viral videos first and foremost viral videos evoke strong emotions whether it's laughter awe or even anger the emotional impact of a video is crucial Studies have shown that content which elicits a high emotional response is more likely to be shared for example a heartwarming story about a rescue can tug at our heartstrings prompting us to share it with friends and family so when creating content think about the emotions you want to evoke in your audience make them laugh cry or gasp in Surprise and you're already on the path to virality next up relatability and social currency people share content that resonates with their own experiences or enhances their social status viral videos often reflect Universal truths or common experiences they make us say that's so me or I have to show this to my friend they'll love it think about your audience what are their interests struggles and joys create content that speaks directly to their lives and they'll be more likely to share it storytelling is another powerful tool in the viral video tool kit a well-crafted story can Captivate viewers and keep them engaged from start to finish this involves having a clear beginning middle and end with a compelling narrative Arc take the time to script and plan your videos a good story combined with relatable content and emotional engagement significantly boosts your chances of going viral humans are naturally curious creatures we love surprises and new experiences viral videos often contain an element of surprise or novelty something unexpected that catches us off guard incorporate surprising elements into your content whether it's an unexpected twist or an unusual subject matter novelty can set your video apart from the rest timing is everything staying on top of current trends and events can greatly enhance your video's viral potential whether it's a popular challenge a trending topic or a seasonal event tapping into what's currently popular can give your content a significant boost keep an eye on social media trends and be ready to create content that aligns with what's happening in the world timeliness can make the difference between a video that gets lost and one that goes viral engagement is the lifeblood of virality encourage viewers to like like comment and share your videos build a community around your content by interacting with your audience respond to comments ask for feedback and create a sense of belonging the more engaged your audience the more likely they are to share your videos with others creating a ripple effect that can lead to virality and there you have it the science behind viral videos by focusing on emotional engagement relatability storytelling novelty timing and Community Building you can significantly increase your chance of creating content that goes viral thanks for watching if you found this video helpful give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends don't forget to subscribe to Dr John's amazing videos channel and ring the bell for more tips and insights what do you think makes a video go viral let us know in the comments below until next time keep creating and stay inspired

- Why You Don't Want To Go Viral...: Kind: captions Language: en Here's why you don't want your content to actually go viral if you're a video agency or a some sort of agency that targets somebody that is a higher level person that makes more money and is more of an affluent demographic. And I think most people think, hey, I mean even looking at my content, I don't get a ton of views, I don't get a ton of shares, saves, like I only get maybe, you know, a couple hundred views on my reels and then maybe a couple hundred views on my YouTube videos. But we have some of the most potent content that attracts our perfect ideal person. And when they do watch our content, they end up moving forward and working with us. And I think it's a a good lesson for a lot of people where like you do not want your content to go viral because when you go viral most like most the majority of people are not affluent, like they do not have money. And so when you go viral, you get a bunch of people who are not your ideal person who don't make a ton of money to come in, you know, come in and reach out to you and work with you or want to work with you and they end up not being qualified. And so when you see these YouTube videos that get millions of views, obviously like Mr. Beast, he appeals to literally every demographic, like every person. And when you look at what he has to be able to sell, he has to sell products on the back of that that are consumer goods, like Feastables, like the Lunchables, like all of those products that would basically target somebody who is just a person who, you know, likes food, likes chocolate and it appeals to pretty much everybody in his market. Whereas with us, we are only trying to find people who are doing, you know, 10, 20, 30, 40K a month and want to scale their agency. And same thing with the agencies that we work with, they only want to find clients that are affluent. There is a smaller pool of those types of people. And so you are physically not going to go viral unless you're doing something wrong. And I think a lot of people think that going viral is means that you're you're successful and in reality it's not. It has nothing to do with that. It's really are you showing and demonstrating that you can solve somebody's problem? And if so, like you if you only get a couple hundred views, that's okay because you're getting the right types of people. So it's more about the right types of people versus just getting tons of views and don't let the vanity metrics of like not getting a lot of views bother you because you can make tons and tons of money getting a couple hundred views on YouTube and Instagram. So

- Children interrupt BBC News interview - BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en scandals happen all the time the question is how do democracies respond to those scandals and what will it mean for uh for the wider region I think one of your children's just walked in I mean shift shifting shifting Sands in the region do you think relations with the north may change um I would be surprised if they do the um pardon me I apologies what for the region my apologies North uh sorry um North Korea North South Korea's policy choices on North Korea have been severely limited in the last six months to a year because

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlanSommerville [3 likes]: I always come back to this clip if I want a laugh.
  2. @ZiggyMercury [2 likes]: The Kramering-in of the mother is absolutely legendary.
  3. @卷毛俠: 好可愛
  4. @jimcooper1053: Fantastic 😂
  5. @Beniaminrospotting: Anyone in 2026? 😅😂.
  6. @deansacca781: So cute....kids controll
  7. @sparklingcoconutwater2023: LOL, as a Korean I know the baby got off scot free, but the child learned about consequences from her mommy that day....
  8. @Auntemem: Will never get old. 😅🤣
  9. @HeathN89: They heard their dad, and wanted to see what dad was doing in his big grown up job and help😂
  10. @tvrehab4039: This will never get old.
  11. @angeloliver7613: When she crawls back like it would save anything xD
  12. @joemarks9110: If he had taken it more naturally, it would probably have been totally fine… but the whole episode turned into a complete disaster 😂
  13. @brownhat1290: Next time, lock the door.
  14. @blindandwatching: Its kids being kids no problem at all.
  15. @MiraTahamina: What Korea
  16. @AdonisLambert-b6z: Thank you for the great content!
  17. @marksmallwood4938: It’s the babies entrance that always gets me! Impressively navigated even at such a young age.
  18. @RathaTechnologySharing: 2026 🎉
  19. @shammgodjelly1380: The toddler took me out 😂😂😂😂😂
  20. @lekdyang_isaac: LOL! 

His daughter strolls in looking like Ernie Bushmiller's Nancy!

- 🔴 OVERNIGHT?! Taehyung Made This Neuroscience Channel EXPLODE! The Professor Reacted?! 😱🧠: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey everyone, welcome back to Taehyung Fans,&nbsp; right now, fans all over the world are completely&nbsp;&nbsp; shocked after Taehyung accidentally made a small&nbsp; neuroscience YouTube channel explode overnight,&nbsp;&nbsp; and honestly, the story became much bigger than&nbsp; anyone expected. What started as a simple late&nbsp;&nbsp; night comment during his live broadcast suddenly&nbsp; turned into a viral phenomenon after a Korean&nbsp;&nbsp; professor discovered that V had been secretly&nbsp; watching his neuroscience videos before sleeping,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the most emotional part is the professor’s&nbsp; reaction after finding out Taehyung not only&nbsp;&nbsp; knew his content, but genuinely loved&nbsp; it. Now fans are flooding the channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; the internet is going crazy over Taehyung’s&nbsp; unexpected interest in science, and people&nbsp;&nbsp; are once again asking the same question, just&nbsp; how powerful is the “Taehyung Effect” really? Right now, fans everywhere are completely&nbsp; shocked after something unexpectedly wholesome&nbsp;&nbsp; involving Taehyung suddenly turned&nbsp; into a massive viral moment online,&nbsp;&nbsp; and honestly, nobody saw this coming. What started as a simple late night&nbsp; conversation during a live broadcast&nbsp;&nbsp; has now become one of the most talked about&nbsp; stories among fans not because of fashion,&nbsp;&nbsp; not because of luxury brands, and&nbsp; not because of another sold out item,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because Taehyung accidentally helped a small&nbsp; neuroscience YouTube channel explode overnight. And the reaction from the professor&nbsp; behind the channel, People are emotional. During a recent live, Taehyung casually revealed&nbsp; something that instantly caught fans off guard.&nbsp;&nbsp; He said that sometimes, before sleeping, he&nbsp; listens to neuroscience videos uploaded by a&nbsp;&nbsp; Korean scientist and content creator known&nbsp; for making relaxing educational content.&nbsp;&nbsp; According to Taehyung, he originally played&nbsp; the videos just to help himself fall asleep,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then something unexpected happened. The videos became so interesting,&nbsp;&nbsp; that he ended up staying awake and&nbsp; watching them until the very end. And honestly, fans could not&nbsp; stop talking about that detail. Because this is exactly why so many people say&nbsp; Taehyung feels different from other celebrities.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most idols usually talk about trending&nbsp; dramas, music, movies, or viral content,&nbsp;&nbsp; but Taehyung casually revealed that he spends his&nbsp; late nights listening to neuroscience explanations&nbsp;&nbsp; and deep scientific discussions. Not&nbsp; because he was promoting anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; not because of sponsorships, but&nbsp; because he was genuinely interested. That single moment instantly&nbsp; sparked curiosity online. Fans began searching for the channel&nbsp; he mentioned, and within hours,&nbsp;&nbsp; people noticed something crazy happening. The neuroscience channel suddenly&nbsp; experienced a massive spike in views,&nbsp;&nbsp; comments, subscriptions, and&nbsp; traffic almost overnight. And at first, the professor behind the&nbsp; channel had absolutely no idea why. Imagine opening your YouTube&nbsp; analytics late at night and&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly seeing thousands of new viewers&nbsp; flooding your content out of nowhere. That’s exactly what reportedly happened. The professor later explained that he became&nbsp; confused after noticing an unusual increase&nbsp;&nbsp; in activity on his videos. Comments were&nbsp; appearing rapidly, international viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; were arriving all at once, and the engagement&nbsp; suddenly exploded far beyond normal numbers. Then he discovered the reason. Taehyung had mentioned his&nbsp; content during the livestream. And what happened next made&nbsp; fans even more emotional. Instead of reacting like a businessman&nbsp; excited about viral traffic,&nbsp;&nbsp; the professor reportedly became genuinely&nbsp; touched by the situation. He explained that&nbsp;&nbsp; he was deeply moved because Taehyung didn’t just&nbsp; casually mention the channel for a few seconds,&nbsp;&nbsp; he actually seemed familiar&nbsp; with the content itself. According to him,&nbsp;&nbsp; Taehyung even described the neuroscience&nbsp; series as “really freaking interesting.” That one sentence completely&nbsp; changed the atmosphere of the story. Because suddenly, this wasn’t just&nbsp; another celebrity shout out anymore. It felt personal. The professor reportedly realized that Taehyung&nbsp; had truly watched and remembered the videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; And for a creator who dedicated years to&nbsp; producing educational science content,&nbsp;&nbsp; that recognition clearly meant a lot. Fans especially became emotional&nbsp; after hearing another detail. The professor shared that his wife is&nbsp; actually an ARMY, and when they realized&nbsp;&nbsp; Taehyung had mentioned their channel, both of&nbsp; them were overwhelmed with excitement together. Just imagine that moment for a second. A small educational creator sitting at home,&nbsp; suddenly discovering that one of the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; global stars in the world not only knows&nbsp; your content exists, but genuinely enjoys it. Honestly, it sounds unreal. And almost immediately, fans flooded&nbsp; the comment sections of the videos. Some people wrote that they&nbsp; came because of Taehyung. Others said they suddenly became interested in&nbsp; neuroscience after hearing his recommendation. A few viewers even admitted they&nbsp; never expected themselves to&nbsp;&nbsp; spend hours listening to scientific sleep&nbsp; content, until Taehyung talked about it. That’s when many fans started talking once again&nbsp; about something they call the “Taehyung Effect.” But this time, it felt completely&nbsp; different from the usual stories. Normally, the “Taehyung Effect” is associated&nbsp; with fashion items selling out, restaurants&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming crowded, or accessories going viral after&nbsp; he uses them. Fans have seen it happen with bags,&nbsp;&nbsp; perfumes, jackets, drinks, and even random&nbsp; products he casually touches for a few seconds. But now, people are realizing that Taehyung’s&nbsp; influence goes far beyond trends or aesthetics. This time, his impact reached&nbsp; something educational,&nbsp;&nbsp; intellectual, and unexpectedly meaningful. And honestly, that’s probably why&nbsp; this story spread so quickly online. Because there’s something strangely&nbsp; refreshing about seeing one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; world’s biggest celebrities openly enjoy science&nbsp; content without trying to make it look cool. Taehyung didn’t dramatically announce it. He didn’t turn it into a big performance. He simply talked naturally about&nbsp; something he personally enjoyed,&nbsp;&nbsp; and somehow, that authenticity made&nbsp; the entire internet pay attention. Many fans are now saying that&nbsp; this moment perfectly explains&nbsp;&nbsp; why Taehyung continues to&nbsp; fascinate people globally. There’s always this feeling that nobody&nbsp; fully knows what he’ll talk about next. One day it’s jazz music. Another day it’s photography. Then suddenly, neuroscience&nbsp; lectures before sleeping. Alright everyone, what do you think about&nbsp; this story? Did you ever expect Taehyung to&nbsp;&nbsp; accidentally turn a small neuroscience channel&nbsp; into a global viral topic overnight? Honestly,&nbsp;&nbsp; moments like this are exactly why fans can never&nbsp; predict him, one simple comment from Taehyung&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly changes everything. But now&nbsp; I really want to hear your thoughts,&nbsp;&nbsp; so make sure to leave your opinions down in the&nbsp; comments below, and if you enjoyed this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t forget to LIKE, SUBSCRIBE, and&nbsp; turn ON the notification bell so you&nbsp;&nbsp; never miss the latest exclusive updates about&nbsp; Taehyung and BTS right here on Taehyung Fans.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks for watching everyone, and&nbsp; I’ll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Swetlana57 [16 likes]: Тэхена интеллект настолько любознателен ! Готов все жизненные тайны , распознать !!!! ❤
  2. @Любовь-ъ6ч9ы [11 likes]: ТЕХЕН ГЕНИЙ .ВСПОМНИТЕ В ЮНОСТИ ОН ОТЛИЧАЛСЯ ОТ РЕБЯТ НАХОДЧИВОСТЬЮ,УМОМ,РАЗГАДЫВАЛ СЛОЖНЫЕ ЗАДАНИЯ,ГОЛОВОЛОМКИ И ТД.О НЕМ ГОВОРИЛИ ,У ТЕХЁНА СЕКСУАЛЬНЫЙ УМ.ТАК ЧТО Я НЕ УДИВЛЕНА.ПАРЕНЬ И В АРМИИ МНОГО ЧИТАЛ КОГДА БЫЛО СВОБОДНОЕ ВРЕМЯ. ТАЛАНТЛИВЫЙ ЧЕЛОВЕК,ТАЛАНТЛИВ ВО ВСЁМ. ГОСПОДЬ НАГРАДИЛ ТЕХЕНА ВСЕМИ ЛУЧШИМИ КАЧЕСТВАМИ  И КАК ПРИМЕР ДЛЯ ВСЕХ ПОДАРИЛ ЕГО МИРУ.НО НАХОДЯТСЯ ЗЛЫЕ,ЗАВИСТЛИВЫЕ НЕЛЮДИ И СТАНОВИТЬСЯ ЗА НЕГО СТРАШНО. ЖЕЛАЮ ТЕХЕНУ ЗДОРОВЬЯ,СЧАСТЬЯ,УСПЕХОВ,СИЛ И ТОЛЬКО ХОРОШИХ ЛЮДЕЙ РЯДОМ.💚💜💞🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤
  3. @svetlananaron [10 likes]: Он очень умён и любопытный,все -таки работают оба полушария😊Он взрослый ребенок!❤
  4. @ИринаЧистякова-ю5л [10 likes]: Всесторонне образованный молодой человек,  интересующийся  многими направлениями, Taehyung гений и этим всё сказано!!!
  5. @mamera2017 [8 likes]: КИМ ТЭХЕН является глубокой и разносторонне развитой личностью. Его интеллект требует постояной подпитки новыми знаниями. Это хорошо известно его истинным поклонникам, что вызывает  интерес, доверие и восхищение таким человеком. От души желаем ему достойного окружения, которое будет способствовать его дальнейшему развитию. Успехов нашему удивительному ТЭХЕНУ.
  6. @Love58 [6 likes]: Гений, он всегда и во всем отличается, всегда интересуется и изучает что-то новенькое, и не создаёт из этого ажиотаж. Просто рассказал,но эффект V таков, что уже все интересуются

- VCU student goes viral for response to cultural appropriation criticism: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] when you think Irish dance this is probably what comes to mind rather than this but it's this mashup that's brought social media stardom support and opportunities to the woman behind it I never expected it to do what it did that woman is Morgan Bullock of Richmond native and rising senior at VCU who started Irish dancing over a decade ago I saw it and it was like something I'd never seen before I like fell in love and that love translated to success with top 50 finishes at the World Championships she says she took the last year off but got back into dancing during the pandemic with so much free time on her hands or in her case feet that's all I've been doing is dancing and going on tik-tok and it was on tik tok a social media app she saw a dance challenge for a song remixed by Beyonce I tried to learn the dance that everyone was doing and I wasn't very good at it kind of awkward with my upper body being an Irish dancer so she choreographed her own and expected maybe a couple hundred views never millions the extra views are thanks to it being shared by some high-profile accounts including Tina Knowles Beyonce's mom reposting it on Instagram that was insane the bullock says there's also been backlash honestly I was just kind of disappointed with accusations of cultural appropriation because I don't look like typically what people picture an Irish person to look like but Bullock pushed back writing about her love of the dance and says what she's doing is cultural appreciation since then the praises continued to pour in and some new opportunities including an invite from Ireland's prime minister to dance in their st. Patrick's Day celebration next year and offered to perform with a cast of Riverdance yes that Riverdance the best thing I could have ever imagined to come out of this because that show is that's like the end goal for me with dance Bullock says the offer with Riverdance is for when they come to perform in Northern Virginia but the exact date of that is up in the air because of Kovan 19 working for you in Richmond Cameron Thompson's CBS 6 News

- We tracked what happens after TikTok songs go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is Jake Hi. I’m Jake. In February 2020 he posted his first video to TikTok. Alright, mom, what are you doing today? I’m going to make a beat! I had my mom make a beat that I had already pre-made. And I recorded, I'm like, okay, press these buttons. And we'll make it look like you just made it in two minutes. I need a producer tag Okay, what do you want it to be? Ayo mama on the beat. Within hours the video was racking up millions of views. So, Jake made a few more videos featuring his mom, but with one small tweak. My brother had the idea, he was like, yo, what if we like put a TikTok like in front of the phone and we filmed it... Hey mom. Have you ever heard this song before? The format was simple but clever: Jake would mashup songs on TikTok that were already going viral. [overlapping] Hey mom. It worked. With each post, he was racking up millions more views. But he didn’t stop there. And we were like, we need to put my vocals on the end of it. And if the song goes viral, then like we can drop it ourselves and become an artist. Hood baby part 2, featuring yours truly. Up down right down... We're just going to name myself, JVKE and we're going to go at it. Ayo mommas gonna make this a bop. “Up down right down looking for your love right now.” It just so happens that the first one that I put my vocals on went absolutely bananas viral. Jake’s 15 second snippet of a song was taking over TikTok. Once it was at 1 million videos, Charli D’Amelio used it. That means that this is about to be insane. Like it's not ending at a million. It's starting at a million. At the time, Jake didn’t even have a manager. But he knew he needed one fast. We have these fifteen seconds, we have labels calling us... What do we do? That was actually when I got on the phone with my now manager and he was like “Call me, right now!” He was like, "Hey, can you finish this song in 24 hours?" Clearing the “Hoody Baby” sample ended up taking a few days. By the time we got it out, it was at 5 million videos. It ended up going to 15 million. If you compound all the views of all the 15 million videos, it's like over 9 Billion views. This is just the beginning of Jake’s story. But what makes it so interesting isn't how dramatic it is, but how often stories just like his occurred in 2020. Over the last few months I’ve been working with The Pudding to put experiences like Jake’s into perspective. We dug into the data and stories behind dozens of emerging artists’ TikTok hits. To figure out what internet fame actually means for new music artists. It turns out, this is way more than a story about algorithms or going viral. It’s a story about the longstanding tug-of-war between artists, platforms, and music industry giants. You might be surprised who’s winning. If I were to review this project, I'd probably never do it again. That is Matt Daniels, a journalist at The Pudding where he digs into culture stories through data. In the Fall of 2021, we started a project that turned into what Matt describes as... One of the hardest data projects I've ever worked on. It seemed simple on paper: create a data set of Indie and DIY artist that went viral on TikTok in 2020 and determine if that virality was enough to change the outlook of their career. Because it really was their first major, major exposure to a huge fan base on the internet. But, there were a few big problems right from the start. The biggest was there wasn’t a useful data set of the most popular songs on TikTok from 2020. We banged our head against the wall trying to figure out “how do we reconstruct charts from TikTok?". It turns out, there’s a lot of playlists on Spotify that compile viral TikTok hits. And there’s also this tool called Chartmetric. Which among other things captures historical data of those playlists and tracks what songs have been added and subtracted to them and when. So, we got to work. And pulled all of the songs from as many playlists as we could find that were added between January and December 2020. Then we ranked the songs by their popularity on TikTok, filtering out any that got fewer than 100,000 posts. Which brought us down to about 1500 songs that went viral in 2020. The biggest challenge I would say is once we had our arms wrapped around these 1500 songs making the decision of, is this an established artist that had a TikTok hit or is this the artist's big break? And a big break is a very subjective decision. A lot of the artists in this list were obviously very established. Cardi B going viral on TikTok is not particularly impressive versus somebody who has never released a song before. So we went back to Chartmetric to dig into more data points behind these songs and the artists that made them. Including their Spotify monthly listeners, the number of times they've been playlisted, the number of tracks they've released. Which made it a lot easier to decide: did this artist have a career beforehand? Eventually, after filtering out all of the established artists we narrowed our list to a sample of 125 artists we felt hit all the marks. They all went viral on TikTok in 2020 and as far as we can determine, it was their big break. Can I also say something really quickly... Yeah yeah. It doesn't actually matter how many artists we examined. There's probably thousands of new artists that went viral on TikTok. So what we wanted to do was just wrap our arms around a cohort of artists that are experiencing this phenomenon and, and then say what, what happened to them afterwards? What happened to these artists' after they went viral was eye-opening. And nearly everyone of those stories starts with Spotify. The speed and the intensity with which TikTok sends things viral. It's crazy. That’s Elias Leight: he’s a music journalist and his reporting on TikTok and the music industry is extensive. The virality itself is not necessarily new but TikTok is basically just like a machine gun shooting out viral songs like even more than daily, honestly. The two big differences are how many viral moments it creates and then how directly that virality correlates with streaming increase which is why the labels are so obsessed with it. You can see how that played out in real time by looking at this chart which captures the explosive virality of JVKE’s track “Upside Down” on TikTok. But what it doesn’t show is that while Jake’s track was going viral people were flocking to Spotify to stream it. This is the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline. I remember when we first released the song it was just like a bottle rocket, up to like 500,000 streams a day. I was like, what is happening? I didn’t even know really what that meant at the time. What is meant is that the track was going to get playlisted. In fact within a month of “Upside Down’s” official release it was on 98 editorial playlists: including "New Music Friday" which has almost 4 million followers. It landed on the "Global Viral 50" Spotify Charts. And as a result, JVKE went from zero monthly listeners on August 18th to 3.4 million by October. As I’m editing this piece, he has over 8 million. This pipeline from TikTok to Spotify wasn’t unique to JVKE. It happened to nearly every one of the 125 artists on our list. So, I feel like TikTok is one of the main platforms where people actually leave the app to go and add music to their library. That’s L.Dre - who’s song Steven Universe has been used in more than 10 million video posts. Whenever one of my videos went viral most of the comments were people begging me to release it. That's kind of the culture on TikTok. When they hear something, they really wanna go listen to it. I pretty much went from having just like a few thousand monthly listeners to just a rapid incline for like a year or two straight where it was just steady going up. And what was more exciting to see was that almost all of the artists, including L.Dre had some of their other tracks get editorially playlisted. That's really important because it means that once you're on a playlist that Spotify curates, it's getting a huge audience it's a huge signal that the music you're releasing is going to get streams. To get a better sense of how the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline worked Matt and I analyzed another chart: The Spotify 200. It’s a global chart that shows the top 200 songs on the app every day. These songs are stream kings. So, in a new spreadsheet, we pulled all the artists whose songs made the U.S. Spotify 200 after January 2020 and filtered out all of the artists who had well established careers or had already charted before then. This left us with a new data set to analyze. These 332 emerging artists who landed on the chart for the first time. Out of this group, a quarter of them have TikTok to thank for their big break. This is incredibly eye-opening in terms of TikTok’s influence on the charts. In terms of what is getting listened to in music culture. But let’s backtrack a second. Because it’s not just about racking up millions of streams. It’s about how fast you’re able to do it. And it’s not just about how virality influences It’s about how it influences music business. Spotify basically pays out labels according to their share of the total streams in a given time period. If you get a really big hit that, you know, does a billion streams over six months or something that can add a few points to your market share which then increases your payout of the Spotify pool. It's really like a ruthless competition for this market share number that no listener cares about at all but the record labels watch obsessively. Despite this obsession, look what’s happened over the past 4 years. Major labels have slowly conceded their total Spotify market share to independent and self-released artists. To get back a bigger piece of the pie, labels developed a strategy: Monitor TikTok like a hawk and aggressively try to sign artists that are rising to the top. In a way, TikTok is great for the labels. They basically sit on top of it, watch everything come up and if they get it at the right time they can probably make their money back on pretty much one track. The intensity of these bidding wars around viral songs... It's pretty wild. It's just like a flat-out sprint to grab the next viral thing. Here's a headline I've seen everywhere. And for legal reasons, I made a generic version of it. “Artist with viral TikTok song inks million dollar record deal with major label.” Let's break it down. So you're an artist, you have a song and it’s doing really, really well and all these record labels are hitting you up. They're like, I want to sign you. How can we be a part of this conversation? So then they will entice you with money, which is an advance. So this million dollars, right here? That’s the advance. The more virality you have the more zeros you’ll see. This is Mary Rahmani. She’s a former TikTok music exec who now runs her own label with Republic records called Moon Projects. When I worked at major labels, but under an imprint that was a little more indie I would go in between like 50 to a hundred thousand dollars for an advance. And yeah, the major labels are a double triple that sometimes. The label signs you, they give you a fat advance of about a hundred thousand dollars or something like that, in exchange for full ownership of all of your masters all of your recorded music. So, for that million dollars the label now owns the rights to your viral TikTok song forever and... They would keep around 85% of the royalties that came in. You only got your 15% if you recouped the cost of your advance. By the way, that’s Ari Herstand. I'm the author of "How To Make it in the New Music Business" and I'm an independent musician. So right after you ink your million dollar deal you see a nice $50,000 check from Spotify because your song is still riding that viral wave. $42,500 of that check would go to the label, only $7,500 would go to you… but it wouldn’t stay with you for long because you have to use that check to start paying back your million dollar advance. In essence, an advance is a loan. And if you’re only making 15% of the revenue generated by your song it might take a very long time to pay it back. So you just have to hope you’re very smart about the way you use your advance or you're extremely successful and your album generates millions and millions of dollars. And then you start earning royalties on the back end. The whole approach is basically like initially you're going to be, you know, 500K, a million, 1.5 million in the hole, and you just have to dig yourself out of it. This is what a standard major label record deal has looked like for decades. But recently, this part of the headline has started changing the equation. If you have a viral hit, and have proven you can build a following all on your own. Congratulations, you have leverage. I mean, if you have a viral hit, probably you’re getting a lot of offers simultaneously because labels scrutinize TikTok so closely and they want to be part of these viral things so badly Because of that... There's been a bigger shift in the last couple of years than there has been in the last 50 years in the types of deals that labels are starting to offer the artists in the artists favor. Where the label comes to the artist and says, I know, historically we would take 85%, but we're not going to do that for you because you're so valuable. And you've obviously proven that you can create a career all on your own. So, how about 50/50 we're partners now? And you know, we're not going to own your stuff. We're just going to do a licensing deal. Meaning give us the rights to your record for the next 12 to 15 years. You can still do whatever you want with it, we'll do whatever we can to make more money on this. And we'll split it 50/50. That has never really happened before with self-released DIY independent artists. So, how many record deals are actually happening? Matt and I decided to tackle this question from two angles. First by compiling a list of around 367 emerging artists who landed their first major label deal after January 2020. And then from there, we went row by row, artist by artist, trying to determine, did this person have a viral moment on TikTok? And if so, was that cited as one of the reasons for them getting signed? It turns out, roughly a third of these deals happened because an artist's song went viral on TikTok. And when Matt and I went back and looked at our original group of 125 artists, we figured out that 46% of them went from unsigned to landing a major record label deal. Because when these artists do have leverage, signing to a major has its benefits. For one, they have direct relationships with streaming services like Spotify which helps them get more placements on editorial playlists. They are also massive international conglomerates, so they will tell you that they can push you in Sweden and France and Germany and Japan at the same time as they push you in America. At the end of the day, the biggest difference is that they're massive banks and they can write huge checks. But TikTok, has increased the chances for DIY artists to go viral one day and wake up the next morning with a million streams on Spotify without spending millions of dollars to record an album, and needing a global team to promote it. This is honestly the subject of a lot of debate right now. If you're able to build a lot of leverage on your own, like how much benefit does a big label offer you and what should you give up? When I looked at the data, I wasn’t that surprised to all of these of these artists signing deals with major labels. What I found more compelling was the group who were likely offered deals and decided to continue on their own, at least for now. It's like, I can promote my music. I don't have to rely on you to make stuff happen for me. The leverage is kind of slowly being put back into the hands of the artists and it’s a beautiful thing to see. When I was browsing our list of 125 viral artists one name happened to grab my attention: Edith Whiskers. It turns out that name is a pseudonym for the prolific singer songwriter Tom Rosenthal. I write fairly boring singer songwriting music that has gone a bit viral on TikTok. Tom’s first viral song was his cover of “Home” by Edward Sharp and the Magnetic Zeroes. It’s been used in 1.6 million TikTok videos. So after the initial TikTok waves hit me, I thought, okay, I'm going to release it, but then it suddenly dawned on me that if I released it via my own name, I thought this cover will be on the top of my lists forever. I couldn’t bear the idea of writing all these original songs and then having one cover just sitting there at the top. So he did the only sensible thing. I came up with four names, put all those names on Twitter, did a Twitter poll and Edith Whiskers was the favorite. So he released the track on Spotify under the name Edith Whiskers And it shot straight up to the Spotify Viral 50. Basically, If you can name a record label they reached out. The thing is, Tom is staunchly independent. And has some pretty strong feelings about major labels. I'm their worst nightmare, really, because I'm older than, you know, 19. When record labels said to me “Oh, come and sign with us because you know, these things can drop off and we help it grow and flourish in its own special way.” Well, I go, “Hang on, I've literally got the data from the first one over a year now, showing that it basically does roughly the same thing every single day of his life.” I just basically said, this is around the kind of money that it would take to get me interested, because I know this is the money that I will make from these songs. That knowledge is really important, especially if you're independent. In 2021, just a few months after going viral, Tom started his own record label. I thought, let's try it. Let's try and create a fair system. Let’s actually have a completely big rethink about how I approach it compared to traditional record labels. The first thing he nixed was the long tradition of advance and recoupment. Obviously not go crazy and invest lots of money, but actually invest, you know, one or 2000 pounds or dollars in someone and say, look, let's make a few songs, but I'm not looking for that money back. So that's the key difference, I think, is you’re just investing in people, rather than it being this odd loan system. I want every artist of mine, on my record label, to understand money. And the only way they do that is by seeing money come in straight away and understanding how that works. It has never been a better time to be a DIY artist, but that doesn’t mean it’s easy. I’m at the whims of these almighty algorithms at all times. Like they pretty much decide, you know, whether I'm gonna eat dinner or whatever. A few years ago I started following L.Dre on Instagram way before TikTok was even on my radar and it seemed like he always had content at the ready. I just need to make that I’m posting stuff, pretty consistently on any platform I can. The fact of the matter is, if you wanna make it today, you either have to have money to hire people, or you just need to also become a video editor. Also become a graphic designer. You definitely have to wear a lot of hats for sure. Pretty much everyone I talked to said, if you want exposure, you have to be on TikTok, and not only that, you have post post post. We recommended posting three to five times a week and now it's three to five times a day, Because theres people out there who are willing to put in the extra work, and you’re competing with them now. Even if you’re an influencer full time, it’s a lot of work. But it's just because there's so much content coming in and music is one vertical of many. If you’re looking to break as a new artist, that is kind of the requirement. The more you post, the more you'll get discovered. Out of all of the big existential questions this project hit me with, the one that I can’t stop thinking about is this: Is music just content now? Are musicians just content creators? I don't know what the actual meaning of this was but like the video killed the radio star thing. There's more to the equation than just your voice on radio. And I think that's kind of what you're getting at here is that there's just so much around your ability to create content. On one hand, if you're signed to a label, they can help you with that. But on the other hand, you're signed to a label because you're good at that already. Matt and I spent months poking at prodding at the digital footprint of these 125 artists. Examining whether or not they would be deemed successful based on how quickly their TikTok and Instagram followers increased, or whether they gained youtube subscribers, and spotify monthly listeners. But one metric that’s just as valuable is touring. People love you on TikTok. That's great. Will they pay for a show? You know, can you start selling merch? Like, is there a deeper attachment here? First we looked at, of these artists, how many were touring beforehand? Unsurprisingly, some of them were. Among the artists who had never toured before or played a show about a third of them have had at least one show and about 15% of them are actually playing festivals now. A decent chunk of these artists have been able to channel their TikTok success into performing live music, which is often the source of financial security for an artist. You want people to come to your shows and you want people to buy your albums and your t-shirts and be invested in what you're doing as an all-rounder. And actually a viral song is obviously great, but it’s about doing something so much stronger than that. In November 2021, a little over a year after Jake went viral with his mom on TikTok, he played his very first live show. "When you perform for the very first time after everyone said you were just a TikToker." That first moment when I was walking onto the stage I was walking kind of slow just to like take in what was actually happening. As I sang the first lyrics to the song and everyone was just screaming back at me. Like I almost was like speechless. That target, we were trying to hit of like let's convert this virality into something real, like we hit that target spot on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [629 likes]: For more from our friends at The Pudding, check them out at:  https://pudding.cool/ They make data fun and accessible, providing longform and interactive  data journalism pieces spanning topics from Ali Wong to Air Jordans.
  2. @KV21YT [2 likes]: This is jake, who was famous before his biggest hit golden hour.
  3. @Limozo [2 likes]: Literally 15 seconds of fame...
  4. @gababiba [1 likes]: They will all be forgotten as fast as they rose to fame
  5. @hwoonDeurim [1 likes]: i've only heard abt jvke since golden hour, never seen his mother OR a tiktok from him
  6. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: This looks terrible and I'm sorry you had to do it... I would never
But I think it would have been so much easier if you'd done it once AI had come out
  7. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: I told y'all TikTok>Reels
  8. @sarahjames927 [1 likes]: Problem is are they going to have staying power as an artist.
  9. @joesmith-es1zy: You can't post three to four times a week and still produce quality, it's simply not possible. Luckily young people today are willing to listen to some truly awful stuff.
  10. @tonipwneroni9846: This is like they took a scientific paper and turned it into a video essay. I live for this.
  11. @minihiphopmuseum9668: 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @AudreyMalia: Moore Lisa Smith Helen Johnson Paul
  13. @rbnlmsl: now i start feeling like they hacked into youtube algorithm as well...
like if you  know what i mean??
😂
  14. @paulbali9998: I'm not sure we need more songs, we'll never hear but a sliver of the extant Catalogue.

But AI needs more training data!  maybe it retroactively invents social media to feed its young brain, turns us all into content creators for its kindegarten.
  15. @apushbruh5238: Thanks for this
  16. @biancaayuri1341: that one james blake video
  17. @nyctilia: Thanks a lot! I had been wondering how those things work today and that really gave me a great overview! I saved the video as I’ll likely will be needing this info again :)
  18. @HolloMatlala1: 16:49😂😂😂...
  19. @marcelkamira: who will tell them that tiktok is going to get burned
  20. @SASTSimon: 15:35 in this small clip alone you can see both the names ”cmten” and ”glitch gum” 

I find that pretty funny since those 2 have collabed on a song before

- Ben Shapiro DEBUNKS Viral 'Systemic Racism Explained' Video: Kind: captions Language: en okay so there's a video that is going around on Facebook and on YouTube it's from an axe TV called systemic racism explain make some interesting arguments and I thought it's worthwhile going through them a little bit so we're gonna play the video we'll stop it we'll discuss this video is sponsored by the bend and brothers brand new course expert ownership you can learn to own a business without it owning you stick around to the end of the video to find out more details this is Jamal Jamal is a boy who lives in a poor neighborhood he has a friend named Kevin who lives in a wealthy neighborhood all of Jamal's neighbors are african-american and all of Kevin's neighbors are white because Jamal school district is mostly funded by property taxes his school is not very well funded his classrooms are overcrowded his teachers are underpaid and he doesn't have access to high quality tutors or extracurricular activities Kevin School District is also funded by property taxes so high school is very well funded his classrooms are never crowded his teachers are very well-paid and he has access to high quality tutors and lots of extracurricular activities so let's talk for a second about school policy the reality is that if you wanted Jamal to be able to go to Kevin's school what you'd want is something called school vouchers you want people to be able to move away from their school districts one of the chief reasons that Jamal is confined to his local public school is because of Democratic policy that has decided that you must go to school in the district where you live and this is also why a lot of people have left lower-income areas and moved out to higher income areas specifically for better public school so if you want Jamal to have the same educational opportunities as Kevin perhaps you should have school vouchers for private schools or perhaps you should have charter schools which is what Mayor Bill DeBlasio in New York is fighting against or perhaps you should break the teachers unions which are costing a fortune particularly on a disproportionate level in areas where they're not spending enough taxpayer dollars so I'm all for improving Jamal's schools I'm also offered from all having all the same educational opportunities as Kevin the problem is most Democrats are not Kevin and Jamal live only a few streets away from each other so how come they're growing up in such different worlds with such different opportunities for success the answer has to do with America's history of systemic racism to understand it better let's look at what life was like for Kevin and Jamal's grandparents in order to understand what's gonna happen in this video you have to understand how systemic racism is being defined systemic racism is really a morphus term it could mean many things it could mean that the institution today are racist in which case everyone would oppose them or it could mean that all inequality is explainable by racism which of course is not sustainable it's not a good argument the argument that this video is going to try to make is that all of history has meaning and that is true history does have consequences before today the problem is is we'll see the video tries to explain all inequality with reliance on history and no inequality with response to exacerbating levels of income inequality exacerbating levels of single motherhood personal decision making or any of the other variables that could come into creating the gaps we see today decades after the Civil War many government agencies started to draw maps dividing cities into sections that were either desirable or undesirable for investment this practice was called redlining and it usually blocked off an entire black neighborhoods from access to private and public investment banks and insurance companies use these maps for decades to deny black people loans and other services based purely on race historically speaking owning a home and getting a college education is the easiest way for an American family to build wealth but when jamel's grandparents wanted to buy a house the banks refused because they lived in a neighborhood that was redlining so Jamal's grandparents were not able to buy a home and because colleges could prevent them from attending through legal segregation their options for higher education were really scarce so let's talk about redlining redlining became illegal in the United States as early as 1968 the Equal Credit Opportunity Act was followed by the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act in 1975 which was a predecessor to the Community Reinvestment Act both of which were an attempt to ensure that people who are living in low-income minority neighborhoods could actually get loans and these things were very effective in 1992 researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston tried to look at the data they collected information on some 30 variables related to lending decisions they found that virtually all of the difference between minority and non-minority denial rates was explained by those variables a reanalysis of that information found that black owned banks were actually lending to white owned businesses at higher rates than they were lending to black owned businesses furthermore if it seemed the banks were discriminating against black borrowers on the basis of they needed to have higher credit qualifications what you would see is lower default rates from black of banks from people who are borrowing money from banks and black community there are zero studies that show any of this so the bottom line is this redlining was in evil and awful policy it was maybe legal in the 1960s by the 1980s it the banks were not lending at disproportionate rates in fact if you look at among different communities as Thomas all has pointed out asian-americans get loans more easily than white Americans that does not mean the banks are being racist toward white Americans on behalf of Asian Americans when it comes to college education it is also worth noting that yes there are many universities that were segregated there are many universities that did not allow black people to attend since the 1970s the most prominent measure that has been used in order to admit black students to major universities across the country has been affirmative action which actively discriminates against people who are not black in favor of black applicants specifically by ensuring that black applicants don't have to have the same test scores or GPAs in order to get into those same schools so not only has policy been corrected it's been over corrected in these areas Kevin's grandparents on the other hand at a low interest loan to buy their first house and get accepted into a handful of top universities which traditionally only accepted white students this opened up a wealth of opportunities that they were able to pass on to their kids and grandkids the basic assumption of this video is that if your grandparents are rich in the United States this means that you are rich in the United States the different grandparents are poor in the United States that means the you are poor in the United States this is factually untrue the reality is that income changes over time that there are an enormous number of people in the United States by percentage who are able to rise from portes middle class and their children from middle class to wealthy the biggest problem that we have in the United States right now is not a historic wealth gap the biggest problem we have is an income gap in the United States and there's some fascinating statistics surrounding this there's a Harvard study recently that showed that black males who are growing up in the same household incomes as white males were actually underperforming their white male counterparts even in high income neighborhoods you would think that all of this might imply racism except for one inconvenient fact in the study black women who are growing up in the same high income neighborhoods as white women growing up in the same high income neighborhoods black women were performing at exactly the same or higher rates than white women in those neighborhoods which would suggest that there are other factors at play other than simple racism furthermore the basic idea that most wealth in the United States is inherited and the millionaire's are really only millionaires because their parents were millionaires that really isn't true either the vast majority of millionaires and billionaires are people whose parents were not millionaires and billionaires chris hogan who's a black financial expert he did a survey of 10,000 people and what he found was that of those 10,000 people 74% of millennials believed millionaires inherited their money 52% of baby boomers did but only 21% of millionaires received any inheritance at all just 16% inherited more than $100,000 only 3% receives an inheritance at or above 1 million dollars in reality the best path toward wealth in this country is income mobility not inherited wealth this opened up a wealth of opportunities that they were able to pass on to their kids and grandkids even as late as the 1980s an investigation into the Atlanta real-estate market showed that banks were more willing to lend to low-income white families than to middle or upper income African American families as a result today for every hundred dollars of wealth held by a white family Kwak families have five dollars and four cents it 2017 study confirms that redlining is still affecting home values and major cities like Chicago today this explains how Kevin and Jamaal inherited vastly different circumstances as it turns out there are some complicating factors that don't get cited in this video through guard to the state of the Federal Reserve Board economists tried to explain that this data did not take account of differences that were not income based things like liabilities employment history credit record and other relevant variables that should have been considered it should not be particularly surprising that discrimination in the past has impact on the actual income of people who are living in the areas that were denied loans that shouldn't be a major surprise but that is not the only disparity obviously that New York Times piece they are citing says quote they estimate the map's account for 15 to 30 percent of the overall gaps in segregation and homeownership that they find between the highest risk area and the second highest risk areas those were the ones that are being classified the truth is that when it comes to redlining you have to look at the gradations as well there was always going to be a difference in the availability of loans to people who are living in the highest risk areas as opposed to the people who are in the very lowest risk areas another factor is that if history does make a difference then if you are denied loans in a particular area and if there's less money in those areas and as crime goes up and as property taxes there's not enough money to take it as schools get worse obviously that's going to continue to have effect in that particular area that doesn't mean the same people are living in that area who always lived in that area or the people who grew up in that area in 1960 necessarily have to live in that area or that their grandkids have to live in that area in 2020 unfortunately the story doesn't end there a big part of systemic racism is implicit bias these are prejudices in society that people are not aware that they have one of the big problems with implicit bias it is very very difficult to quantify identify and studies that supposedly determine that your implicit bias results in real world action are deeply flawed implicit bias assessment tests for example are so significantly flawed they're virtually unusable let's go back to Kevin and Jamal against all odds' Jamal manages to be the only student from his high school to get accepted into a great university the same one that Kevin and his high school friends are attending but after Kevin and Jamal both graduate Jamal notices that his resume isn't drawn as much interest as Kevin's even though they graduated from the same program with the exact same GPA unfortunately for Jamal studies show that resumes with white sounding names get twice as many callbacks as identical resumes with black sounding names the research is actually a lot more interesting than what is being portrayed in this video there are several studies here there is one famous study that was done that suggested that first name differentiation was indeed being used by employer so if your name was Laquisha for example this is the name that is actually used in the study Lakeisha versus Greg that you are less likely to get a call back there was another study that showed a historically black last name like Washington or Jefferson provided no actual differentiation from historically white names a Greenberg for example so if your name was Steve Greenberg versus Steve Jefferson you're just as likely to get a call back as Steve Jefferson what that suggests and this was confirmed by subsequent studies is that the actual issue here is a question of class discrimination not an issue of race discrimination in other words the reason that people are discriminating against Lakeisha as opposed to against Steve Johnson or Steve Washington is because people are actually using the first name as it stands in for social class they are figuring that if you were named Lakeisha it's because you probably came from a more impoverished background now this is not restricted to the black community this happens in the Jewish community as well if you get an applicant and the applicants name is Ben you might treat that applicant different than if that person's name is Benny I mean you might treat a Menachem different than you treat a mic and that is because you are trying to read into the person your perceptions of culture or perceptions of class not really perceptions of race that's really really important when you look at these particular studies and suggests that racial discrimination rather than class distinctions are at the basis of whatever hiring discrimination is happening here implicit bias is one of the reasons why the black unemployment rate is twice the rate of white unemployment well this tends to neglect one key factor what did you major in what did you study it turns out that people who major in education aren't gonna do as well as people who major in engineering according to research from the Center on education and the workforce at Georgetown University there's a quote from PBS african-american college students are more likely to pursue majors that lead to low-paying jobs setting up many for future debt and underemployment over time these occupational choices contribute to the wealth and opportunity gap between whites and blacks that spans generations anthony karneval who's the director of the program says basically african-americans have been going to the right church but sitting in the wrong pew in a way they are using education to climb the social and economic ladder but they're being steered toward majors that will make them lower earners so in other words there are several confounding factors that are not being taken into account in this video one what college did you go to - what did you major in and three what kind of job did you get afterward you can see evidence of systemic racism in every area of life the disparities and family wealth incarceration rates political representation and education are all examples of systemic racism now we reach the crux of the matter the basic idea here is that any inequality can be chalked up to systemic racism we are now ghost-hunting notice they've said nothing in this video about incarceration nothing about incarceration the simple assumption is that if more black people percentage-wise are arrested than white people that must be due to systemic racism and not due to the number of crimes being committed by individuals who make a decision to commit a crime when it comes to representation the truth is there are many many black Americans in Congress we've had a black presidents of the United States people choosing to run in people choosing to vote that is an aspect of American freedom and when it comes to education there are plenty of affirmative action programs that exist at virtually every major university in fact their entire university systems like the University of California have gotten rid of the SAT in the a CT as admissions criteria specifically because they weren't allowing enough minority students to attend so to attribute all inequality to systemic racism is simply to say that everything you don't like must be due to systemic racism unfortunately the biggest challenge is systemic racism is that there's no single person or entity responsible for it which makes it very hard to solve so what can you do the first thing you can do is work towards becoming more aware of your own implicit biases we should always as decent people be re-examining our own biases in trying to wipe out bad thoughts who may be having about other people but the idea that something is vague as you had a bad thought about a group is now responsible for the income inequality between black and white is sort of an absurd contention in the absence of any available evidence what are some prejudice is that you might hold that you're not aware of second let's acknowledge that the consequences of slavery and Jim Crow laws are still affecting access to opportunity today it is certainly plausible that slavery and Jim Crow have affected how people's paths have gone in life and the circumstances of their birth but the question is how much if we are going to change policy and if we were going to effectuate change shouldn't we be focused more on what are the bad policies today that specifically are keeping people down and what behaviors can we change today to make our opportunities better rather than focusing in on slavery or Jim Crow the fact is that even if you buy into the entire narrative of systemic racism promoted by this video it changes nothing and the video is even acknowledging as much as a result we should support systemic changes that create more equal opportunities for everyone increasing public school funding and making it independent from property taxes would be a great start so that poor and wealthy districts can receive equal access to resources the suggestion that simply pouring money into public schools is somehow going to be the solution has been bolide by nearly every independent study ever done of public education obviously we should be spending more on City on schools where not enough spending is going on where there aren't school books or there aren't enough desks but the real problem that's existing in educational performance has very little to do with income and a lot more to do with the access to educational opportunity provided in in homes if you have a single family home it is very difficult for mom to be able to help with homework if you don't allow kids to go to better schools outside their neighborhood rather than simply pouring money in two failed neighborhood schools then you're not really granting opportunity systemic problems require systemic solutions luckily we're all part of the system which means that we all have a role to play in making it better peace it's easy enough to say that we all have a role in making the system better but when you suggest very few practical solutions other than rote democratic policies that have been failed nearly every time they've tried it makes it difficult to believe this isn't just a political ploy rather than an argument in favor of bettering individual human lives to deny the effects of history would be idiotic history obviously has consequences and to deny that racism exists would be similarly idiotic but to attribute every problem in American life to racism or inequity is to be foolish and counterproductive and not to make the world a better place for more on a lot of these topics go check out my brand new book how to destroy America in three easy steps all about the attempt to divide Americans by suggesting that American philosophy culture and history are responsible for all wrongs in the modern world go check out that book it's available everywhere also if you enjoyed this video please give it a like we really appreciate it and check out my show the venture Pierrot show now there are a lot of folks who reach the pinnacle of business life and they are just as miserable as they ever were it doesn't have to be that way you should be able to own your business without it owning you and this is why I want to tell you about my friends the Benham brothers I know them they are good Christian men they have over a dozen businesses including a real estate portfolio in over 35 states and they didn't sell their soul to get it you might remember their names they were supposed to have a reality TV show on HGTV and they were basically thrown out of reality TV for the great sin of being Christian because of their commitment to conservative values so-called business coaches will tell you that your life has to take a backseat to your business but David and Jason Benham they know that that is not true they are proof that that is a lie just recently the Benham brothers launched a new course is called expert ownership it's the model they use to build all of their businesses whether you're sick of the nine survive whether you're just eager to get a new business started or whether you've had a business for ten years expert ownership can help you achieve your goals to celebrate the launch of that brand new course they're offering 15% off to new members you can check out a preview of the course and take advantage of that discount over at Benham brothers dot-com / Ben that's B and H am brothers dot-com / men for 15% off you can also find a link in the description of this video head on over there and check out their brand-new course expert ownership

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenShapiro [5000 likes]: LIKE & SUBSCRIBE — Don’t forget to ring the bell so you don't miss a thing!
  2. @zak27986 [2 likes]: History Of Systemic Racism In The United States Of America    
- European Colonialism
- Native American Wars & Genocide
- The Atlantic Slave Trade (The First Middle Passage)
- 1619 – Black Africans Arrive In Virginia; Beginning Of Racialized Toil Anti-Black Systemic Practices
- Slave Auction
- Anti-Black Racist Erasure Of Genealogy
- 1630 – Racialized Corporal Punishment (Virginia)
- 1640 – John Punch Lifetime Servitude Ruling (Virginia)
- 1643 – Tithables Law (“Negro Women” Taxable Forced Workers) (Virginia)
- 1655 – Casor Lifelong Enslavement Ruling (Virginia)
- 1660 – Runaway Law With Harsher Penalties For Africans (Virginia)
- 1661 – Statutory Recognition Of Slavery (Virginia)
- 1661 – Maryland Formal Legalization Of African Lifetime Slavery
- 1662 Virginia Hereditary Racial Slavery Law (Partus Sequitur Ventrem)
- 1669–1670 Virginia Laws & Court Decisions Reinforcing Lifetime Racial Slavery
- 1670 – Virginia: Free Blacks Cannot Hire White Servants 
- Treaty Of Middle Plantation (1677, 1680) – Subordination Of Native Americans
- 1680s – Virginia Laws Restrict Slave Movement & Legal Rights
- 1682 – Virginia: Legal Racial Distinction Between Servants & Slaves
- 1690 – South Carolina Act For The Better Ordering Of Slaves
- 1696 – South Carolina Slave Code Revision 
- 1691 – Virginia Anti-Miscegenation & Punitive Laws
- 1705 – Virginia Slave Codes (Comprehensive Codification)
- American Northern Hereditary Racial Chattel Slavery
- Racial Bias In Guns
- Greedy Racist Corporations
- Racial Bias In Businesses 
- Racist Poisoning In The Food System
- Racial Bias In Transportation
- Racial Bias In Immigration
- Racial Bias In News Media
- Racial Segregation In The Military
- Racially Biased Wages
- The One-Drop Rule
- Racism In Religious Services
- Racist Indoctrination In Education
- Racial Bias In Jobs
- Racial Bias In Medical Facilities
- Sundown Towns
- The Negro Act Of 1740
- Three-Fifths Compromise (1787) – Constitutional Agreement Counting Enslaved People As 3/5 Of A Person For Representation & Taxation
- Naturalization Act Of 1790
- The American Domestic Slave Trade (The Second Middle Passage, 1790–1860)
- Antebellum American Southern Hereditary Racial Chattel Slavery
- Fugitive Slave Laws (1793, 1850) – Legal Enforcement Of Returning Escaped Enslaved People
- Ohio’s Black Laws
- Discriminatory Voter Qualifications (1821 New York Constitution)
- The Missouri Compromise Of 1820 (Slavery Expansion Law)
- The Indian Removal Act Of 1830
- Native American Poor Reservations
- The Oregon Black Exclusion Laws Of 1844
- The Gold Rush
- Anti-Hispanic Racist Xenophobia (Anti-Mexican)
- Targeted Use Of Eminent Domain (1853 Central Park Act)
- Forced Voter Disenfranchisement (Seneca Village)
- Legal Validation Of Colonial “Black Codes” (New York Constitutions 1777, 1821)
- Racial Exclusion In The Homestead Act
- Debt Peonage
- Confederate Army – Defending Slavery & White Supremacy (1861–1865)
- Broken Promise Of Forty Acres & A Mule (1865–1866) – By President Andrew Johnson
- The Creation Of The Ku Klux Klan
- Black Codes
- Convict Leasing
- Racially Motivated Lynchings
- 1866 (Native American Territories)
- U.S. Land Dispossession, Forced Relocation, Cultural Suppression, Political Disenfranchisement, Boarding School Assimilation, Resource Exploitation, & Systemic Discrimination Against Alaska Natives 
- Sharecropping
- Segregation
- Jim Crow Laws
- Racism In First Responder Institutions 
- Vagrancy Laws
- Racial Bias In Wall Street 
- Racism In Banking (Denial Of Loans, Predatory Lending, & Wealth Exclusion)
- Country Club & Private Association Racial Exclusion
- Native American Boarding Schools (Stolen Generations)
- The Chinese Exclusion Act Of 1882
- Anti-East Asian Racist Xenophobia 
- The Dawes Act
- The Land Rush Of 1889
- U.S. Overthrow, Illegal Annexation, Land Seizure, Cultural Suppression, Political Disenfranchisement, Military Displacement, & Systemic Discrimination Against Native Hawaiians 
- Poll Taxes
- Racially Discriminatory Literacy Tests
- Grandfather Clauses
- Separate But Equal
- Eugenics Programs Targeting Black & Non-White Communities (Early 20th Century)
- Anti-Arab Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-Romani Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-Filipino Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-Pacific Islander Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-Korean Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-Turkish Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-South Asian Racist Xenophobia
- Anti-North African Racist Xenophobia
- Asian Barred Zone Act / Immigration Act Of 1917
- Red Summer Race Riots, Tulsa Race Massacre, & Other Race Riots
- Bhagat Singh Thind Supreme Court Decision (1923)
- National Origins Act / Immigration Quotas (1924)
- Racial Integrity Act Of 1924
- Racial Bias In Entertainment
- The Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment
- Davis–Bacon Act (1931)
- New Deal Racial Exclusion
- Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary (High-Security Incarceration)
- Redlining (Housing Discrimination)
- Federal Housing Administration (National Housing Act)
- Margaret Sanger’s Negro Project Of 1939
- Internment Of Japanese Americans
- Levittown’s Racial Exclusion
- Urban Removal
- Social Security Racial Exclusion 
- Louisiana Cancer Alley
- 1952 McCarran–Walter Act (Immigration & Nationality Act)
- Racial Housing Covenants
- Blockbusting
- COINTELPRO (By Racist FBI Counter Intelligence Program)
- Anti-Southeast Asian Racist Xenophobia
- Harvest Shame / Harvest Of Shame 
- The Tragic Compromise Of The War On Poverty
- The Mulford Act Of 1967
- The Southern Strategy
- Racism In Politics (Voter Suppression)
- G.I. Bills (Discriminatory Implementation)
- Bussing Segregation / Re-Segregation After Busing 
- States’ Right
- Stop & Frisk Law
- 1970 – Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention & Control Act
- 1971 – War On Drugs Declared
- 1973 – DEA Creation 
- American Legislative Exchange Council
- The War On Drugs (Racist CIA Flooding Drugs & Weapons Plus Non-White Fatherlessness)
- No-Knock Warrant
- School-To-Prison Pipeline
- Trickle-Down Economics
- Reaganomics
- Economic Recovery Tax Act Of 1981
- Ignoring The AIDS Epidemic
- Crack Cocaine Epidemic (By Racist CIA)
- The Comprehensive Crime Control Act Of 1984
- Sentencing Reform Act
- Anti-Drug Abuse Act Of 1986 – Explicit 100:1 Crack/Powder Sentencing Ratio 
- Mandatory Minimum Sentences (Expanded)
- 1989 National Drug Control Strategy 
- Crime Control Act Of 1990
- Gun-Free Schools Act Of The 1990s
- Three-Strikes Laws (All Across America) – Targeting Habitual Offenders
- The Federal Crime Bill Act Of 1994
- The Racist Militarization Of The Police
- Truth In Sentencing Laws
- Stand-Your Ground Law
- United States Immigration & Customs Enforcement Racial Profiling
- Zero-Tolerance School Policies / School-To-Prison Pipeline Of 2000s
- PROTECT Act Of 2003 
- Combat Methamphetamine Epidemic Act Of 2005 
- No Child Left Behind Act
- Late Help Of Hurricane Katrina In 2005
- Flint Water Crisis (Environmental Racism)
- Every Student Succeeds Act
- Federal Prosecutorial Guidance Reversal
- Expansion Of Private Prisons For Drug Offenders
- Militarized Drug Enforcement Administration / United States Immigration & Customs Enforcement
- Ignoring The Coronavirus Pandemic Mostly Killing Black Americans
- Racist Police Brutality
- Racial Bias In The Criminal Justice System
- Mass Incarceration
- Racial Abuse In Private Prison Work
- Racially Biased Wrongful Executions

Politics aside, these are facts, not feelings. I completely understand that it is hard to believe, but it is not an opinion; it is the truth. They are genuinely committed to opposing the racist system in the United States, and this opposition is not meant to victimize non-white people, attack white people, or destroy America. The goal is to reform the country so that the law is truly equal and fair for everyone, allowing all people to receive true justice. The real problem is the bigoted, corrupt power system. I am not being pessimistic; I am being realistic. The only way forward is for this bigoted, corrupt power system to be corrected so that everyone is treated equally, with no abusive bigotry, no condescending “special treatments,” just true justice for all. Most historically disadvantaged groups do not want revenge; they want equality. When you are accustomed to privilege, equality feels like oppression.
  3. @LeakyGasket-Channel [2 likes]: bro is talking at 200 mph
  4. @patrickbarcinas1679 [1 likes]: Your such a handsom man ben❤
  5. @chrisbarron379 [1 likes]: Shapiro uses the strawman fallacy multiple times in this video because he is more emotional than people think. Sure he can be smart but he’s still susceptible to logical fallacies especially those who repaint the opposing argument so that he could easily “tear it down”. Shapiro isn’t concerned with making the world a better place, he is concerned with winning an argument. Like a child would.
  6. @jakeschweitzer9425 [1 likes]: Not even 4 mins into the video and Ben is already explaining what to do to avoid being systematically oppressed. Ben doesn’t the fact of having strategy’s around oppression ( Jamel getting a school voucher) prove systemic racism exists? If it didn’t exist there wouldn’t be a reason to get a school voucher.
  7. @lemonboiyoutube [1 likes]: 7:12 - plenty of intangibles could be passed down, like social networks, connections, tutoring, psychological effects of financial security etc. America's IGE is ~0.4-0.6, meaning 40-60% of income differences between among parents are passed to children. that's really significant!

9:15 - there are plenty of reasons why moving neighbourhoods is difficult that I shouldn't need to spell out. also, it's quite dystopic that we should tolerate massive inequalities between geographic regions. finally, there's the less obvious effect of property values -- if everyone who can leave the neighbourhood does, that increases the property value of more affluent neighbourhoods, which further locks out mobility.

9:33 - agree! we can't accurately study implicit bias in laboratory settings. however, the consistent name effect betrays the continued existence of individual racism, implicit or otherwise.

10:42 - washington and jefferson are black coded names...? also, yeah! maybe they're reading class discrimination into black names, but that's still racism. maybe they'll be right more often than not, but the negative externalities, that is the cost incurred to wider society, is one of entrenching discrimination.
  8. @VSSE4pd4 [1 likes]: Antisematism is also a farse. People who are critical of israel are just that. Shapeepee is a propagandist.
  9. @LibraYall: Ok so lets play Monopoly. Ill start out with a subsidized home [Like whites got in places like Levittown] and $1000 and you start out with a "Go to Jail" card, $200 and you're segregated to one side of the board, you cant own a property on Park Place, only I can. Then when i absolutely crush you, dont complain.
  10. @chriss3030: Blocking brown people calling themselves black or African American based on race? What race might that be? And what's the different or opposing race? When I say different i mean different. So, if a doctor examines a so called white person and examined a so called black person would that doctor find unique internal organs in each of the patients? Or would the doctor find the same thing in both - you know lungs, a heart, kidneys, liver, stomach etc. ? Or would the doctor find just a bunch of pioneer stereo equipment in a black person and the traditional internal organs in the person labeled white.. like come on the entire conversation about racism by basing it on social and or economic differences isn't racism. Yes it is? How so? Cause one person is brown and the other person is a lighter shade of brown? But they're both humans with no clear Instructions as to what makes them different races? Cause they grew up in different financial circumstances? How does that apply? There is nothing that links economic power to race in the cartoon video. And it is true if one is poor and wanted to change their circumstances they only have to move but that's a matter of geography not an issue related to racism. Where is the racism? And if someone is too stupid to make a change in their own circumstances. Is that actually something you can blame on fictional things such as racism? Fiction because nobody seems familiar with how it requires there being multiple races in order for one of those races to some how deny the other one something because of it. But since most people seem to be exactly the same inside and out with the minor exception of skin pigment that's not a strong enough argument for there being different races, in order to make a case someone is being belligerent or malicious without justification towards another person because of racism. 

Show me the how a person called black is different from a person called white? They have different internal organs? Or one is a cyborg or what? What makes them a different race? Tell me how they're different without leaning on skin pigment, cause that is not an example of a characteristic of race anyway.
  11. @troyterry6919: Glad Ben is here to debunk this nonsense.
  12. @SamboCabero-rp8fc: the video is right u are wrong
  13. @Kenny-g4r: Not used to seeing Beardless Ben 🤣
  14. @libertycoffeehouse3944: How can an object that is not alive be racist? A system could be good or bad. An institution is lifeless. It can only exists. A policy or a law could be just or unjust. An individual could be racist or have a preference for his race but racism is not a crime so I am confused about that.
  15. @calvinmakupson: Exactly True and why they are Also stealing mineral Royalties
  16. @mego581: Wait but to his first point, even if you had charter schools and could go to whatever school you wanted Jarom still couldn’t cause he doesn’t have the money so.. right? Also all the good schools would fill up quick and he couldn’t get in…
  17. @pashagolshan6490: I miss the old ben shapiro
  18. @jeremyharrison9347: Why can’t the failed neighborhoods offer educational opportunities?
  19. @xcbaby123: Lolololololololol. Still don't exist Benny boy?
  20. @jackiesmith2710: Even now it continues Historical Restrictions: For a long time, the Hays Code in the U.S. explicitly prohibited the depiction of "sex relationships between the white and black races" on screen. This historical precedent created a long-standing industry habit of avoiding interracial relationships.

- family vloggers try to defend themselves... 😬 "Born to be Viral" documentary | Internet Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en Hello my dudes. Welcome back to Internet Analysis.&nbsp; Today I have another episode about family&nbsp;&nbsp; vloggers. I was recently interviewed in this&nbsp; documentary series called Born to be Viral, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is about kid influencers and family channels. So,&nbsp; I had to make a video. No, like this is voluntary.&nbsp;&nbsp; They didn't ask me to do this. I'm not going to&nbsp; cover everything that happened in this series.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's um six episodes that are 20 minutes each.&nbsp; So, feel free to watch the whole thing yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're interested. I'm just going to touch&nbsp; on the parts that are most intriguing to me. There are so many factors that make&nbsp; it very appealing. You can stay home&nbsp;&nbsp; with your family full-time. You can make&nbsp; memories and potentially make thousands,&nbsp;&nbsp; if not millions of dollars.&nbsp; That sounds like a dream life. So, the documentary crew followed a few&nbsp; families over the course of 5 years to&nbsp;&nbsp; see kind of their trajectory through family&nbsp; vlogging, which I think is pretty interesting. So, here are our main players. First family,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fish fam. We have Kyler and Madison plus&nbsp; five kids, including the very famous twins,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tatum and Oakley. Now, this might shock&nbsp; you, but this family is actually Mormon. Their YouTube channel has 4.75 million&nbsp; subscribers. They have 7.5 million on&nbsp;&nbsp; Tik Tok and then across Instagram,&nbsp; all the different family accounts&nbsp;&nbsp; and child accounts. They have&nbsp; a total of 6 million followers. Next family, we have the McClures, Ami and&nbsp; Justin. Then more twins, Ava and Alexis,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their younger brother, Jersey. The&nbsp; McClures have a few different channels,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, which total over 9 million subscribers and 3.8&nbsp; million across multiple Instagram accounts. Both&nbsp;&nbsp; of these families, the Fish Fam and the McClures,&nbsp; they largely got famous off of their viral twins. Do you have the same face? Yes. Ava was born 1&nbsp; minute older than Alexis. But I want to be older. And they were like toddlers,&nbsp; so they're adorable. and they&nbsp;&nbsp; have those little baby voices and they&nbsp; said cute things and people love them. Then the third family are actually aspiring&nbsp; influencers. So we get to see what it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; starting at zero. Will they be able to&nbsp; make it big over the course of 5 years? We have mom Daisy and her son Ethan and they&nbsp; had another baby. I don't know their name. By the way, I am covering the&nbsp; kids' faces as much as I can,&nbsp;&nbsp; which has been very tedious for this number of&nbsp; clips. Um, so if you notice any weird edits,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's all me. I went back and forth about this&nbsp; cuz in some ways it feels pointless because these&nbsp;&nbsp; kids are so famous and they're featured&nbsp; throughout this documentary. But still,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just don't like showing kids on&nbsp; my channel. So, it felt right to me. This series is an interesting look into the&nbsp; long-term experience of family vlogging because&nbsp;&nbsp; over the course of 5 years, a channel can change&nbsp; so much. You can have millions of followers,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that doesn't guarantee that&nbsp; your success is going to last. I think there has become more hate&nbsp; I guess or frustration with family&nbsp;&nbsp; vloggers. Family vlogging&nbsp; is getting like a bad rap. Some of the world may see it as some&nbsp; form of exploitation of kids. I saw&nbsp;&nbsp; it as family home videos and it&nbsp; turned into something amazing. And especially with family vlogging, the&nbsp; question of what happens when the kids grow&nbsp;&nbsp; up? What happens when the adorable toddler becomes&nbsp; a kid or maybe a teenager who doesn't even want&nbsp;&nbsp; to be filmed at all? I also enjoyed hearing&nbsp; more from the parents because obviously those&nbsp;&nbsp; of us watching are pretty familiar with family&nbsp; vlogging and we know the common critiques of it. When you're in a traditional space,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's understood that it's work. Whereas&nbsp; this is labor without any protection or&nbsp;&nbsp; regulation. You're exploiting us and you're&nbsp; exploiting my kids right now for your gain. To have them asked in this setting where&nbsp; they don't have full control over what's&nbsp;&nbsp; asked or whether a director is going to&nbsp; push back or dig deeper into their response. you're using your kids and all this kind of stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; and like they only knew you just&nbsp; want to strangle these people. I don't know where the negativity&nbsp; is coming from and why people are&nbsp;&nbsp; so worried about kids being online. People say things like, "Well, you're&nbsp; exposing them to this or people who&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn't be looking at little girls." Maybe...&nbsp; those people walk around the world every day. Click analytics. 30% male, mostly 35 to 44. A male commented, "Please keep&nbsp; her safe. She's my future wife." I found that interesting. I could always&nbsp; go for more digging, but let's get into it. I think people are getting jealous.&nbsp; People are realizing that they can&nbsp;&nbsp; make the amount of money they&nbsp; make in a year in 30 seconds. Yeah. First of all, I do think that level&nbsp; of inequality does bother a lot of people,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially in this current moment&nbsp; when a lot of people are struggling. It is insane to hear someone say that&nbsp; they make someone's salary in 5 minutes. And so, they try to make us feel bad&nbsp; going, "You're only making that money&nbsp;&nbsp; because your kids are in it." I'm not&nbsp; going to let all these people in their&nbsp;&nbsp; little comments make me take down all&nbsp; the most memorable moments of my life. I'm trying to not be petty right off the&nbsp; bat, but I love the idea that like haters&nbsp;&nbsp; are the people in the little comments and yet&nbsp; obviously your fans are the reason that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; able to make so much money. I guess that's&nbsp; the catch 22 of being a content creator. But um my favorite things when I was a kid was&nbsp; my videos that my parents took. They're special. Yes, of course. Home videos are special. Nobody&nbsp; is stopping you from taking pictures or videos&nbsp;&nbsp; of your own kids. But posting them to millions of&nbsp; people and monetizing them is a different story. It's It's like Satan's plan. Satan's&nbsp; plan is to take away families,&nbsp;&nbsp; take away happiness. Anything wholesome,&nbsp; they like want to attack it. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're exploiting whatever they can do&nbsp; to take away like good things in life. That's so wild to hear. Again,&nbsp; we know this is a Mormon family,&nbsp;&nbsp; but um criticizing family vlogging is&nbsp; Satan's plan. We're trying to take away&nbsp;&nbsp; families by being like, "Hey, maybe how&nbsp; does this affect the children? What kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of long-term impacts might this have?"&nbsp; Just just asking questions. I don't know. But obviously, it makes sense why these parents&nbsp;&nbsp; are so defensive about this&nbsp; career. They are making bank. Kyler and Madison actually&nbsp; mentioned it like five times. There are some days where we could pay&nbsp; for an entire college career in one day. Days where we're able to make as&nbsp; much money or more than 90% of&nbsp;&nbsp; the people in this world make in one&nbsp; day. So, how could you ever complain? I mean, we've made millions, but we're not in&nbsp; like the next level like hundreds millions,&nbsp;&nbsp; obviously, which should be cool. We're so grateful that we're&nbsp; able to make the amount some&nbsp;&nbsp; people would make in an entire&nbsp; year just in a 5 minute video. Hit that subscribe button. Make sure&nbsp; you give this video a big thumbs up. I'm obsessed with how they try to present&nbsp; this in like a humble way. Like, yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; we make millions of dollars, but we're so&nbsp; grateful. You are flexing on us. Okay, we get it. But before we continue, this portion of&nbsp; today's video is sponsored by Ritual. Raise your hand if you've been slacking on taking&nbsp; your vitamins. I have. But it is really important,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially postpartum, for me to&nbsp; build my nutrient stores back up. So, here I am getting back on track. Rituals Essential for Women 18 plus is a&nbsp; high quality multivitamin for women 18 to 49. I love a good multivitamin because it is the&nbsp; easiest thing to add to my routine and make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure I'm filling in any of those major&nbsp; nutrient gaps such as vitamin D or B12. I take two capsules daily. First of all, these smell and taste&nbsp; great, which is really nice cuz a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of vitamins taste horrible and this&nbsp; just makes it a lot more enjoyable. They're essenced with mint, so they're&nbsp; like very refreshing going down. These&nbsp;&nbsp; are also delayed release, so they're&nbsp; a little more gentle on my stomach. This multivitamin is third&nbsp; party tested, vegan friendly,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus it's free of gluten and other major allergens I also appreciate that Ritual's ingredients are&nbsp; made traceable, meaning that I could learn more&nbsp;&nbsp; about various ingredients if I want to, such as&nbsp; where they're sourced or manufactured. Love that. So, next time you're shopping&nbsp; for vitamins, try Ritual. You can test it out, make a one time purchase, or&nbsp; sign up for a subscription so you never run out. Click the link in the description and use code&nbsp;&nbsp; Tiffany Ferg to get 30% off&nbsp; your first order from Ritual. Family content, kid content. That's all very&nbsp; brand friendly and therefore very valuable. The&nbsp;&nbsp; top earning influencers, they've got sponsorships&nbsp; and brand deals worth five, six, probably even&nbsp;&nbsp; seven figures that can be very lucrative because&nbsp; you can essentially monetize your entire life. Obviously, it's no secret that family channels&nbsp; and kid influencers can make tons of money,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as usual, I am nosy. How&nbsp; much money are we talking? So, right now we're making about 30,000&nbsp; a month from ad money on YouTube. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you add in brand deals and ad money,&nbsp; you could make up to $150,000 in one month. $150,000 a month. Right. Right. We had a Nike brand deal and we had to do a few&nbsp; shorts and two videos, but it was worth it because&nbsp;&nbsp; first of all, the videos were fun and second of&nbsp; all, they paid us $500,000, so that was good. It's crazy how nonchalant she just said that. Even though it noted the parents said&nbsp; the deal was actually $125,000. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's it. Oh, just $125,000. Gotcha. It never ceases to amaze me how much money&nbsp; you can make making family-friendly content. And obviously, these creators are working&nbsp; with massive like household name brands But at the same time, it hurts my brain&nbsp; because so much kid and family content&nbsp;&nbsp; is just utter trash. But somehow it's&nbsp; getting millions of views. c'est la vie! You know, we know we know social&nbsp; media is not a meritocracy. I think what's really shocking is as a child to&nbsp; get accustomed to that. It is a different world. But on the note of family channels&nbsp; and money, let's talk about COPPA. Back in 2019, YouTube was fined&nbsp; $170 million for violating COPPA,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a children's privacy law enacted in 1998. YouTube was illegally collecting data&nbsp;&nbsp; on child viewers and sending kids&nbsp; targeted ads. That's a big no no. So after the lawsuit, YouTube had&nbsp; to crack down and kind of shift&nbsp;&nbsp; the onus onto creators. Hey guys,&nbsp; we have new rules and guidelines,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay? Creators should be marking their videos&nbsp; as made for kids if they fit certain criteria. Well, what counts as made for kids? Basically,&nbsp; if kids are the primary targeted or intended&nbsp;&nbsp; audience, if the content features, you know,&nbsp; popular kids celebrities, characters, toys,&nbsp;&nbsp; games, activities, nursery rhymes, those are&nbsp; all signals that it's probably made for kids. But here's the kicker. Content that&nbsp; is marked as made for kids cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; have those personalized targeted ads,&nbsp; which means it gets a way lower CPM,&nbsp;&nbsp; which means the creators&nbsp; get much lower ad revenue. CPM and RPM can vary widely. But let's say your typical RPM&nbsp; means you earn $5 per 1000 views... but for videos marked made for kids,&nbsp; it could be more like 50 cents, maybe. So, if you got 100,000 views, that would be like&nbsp;&nbsp; $500 versus $50 --- or a million views,&nbsp; the difference between $5,000 and $500. So, of course, family channels have tried to&nbsp;&nbsp; get around these rules because they&nbsp; want their videos fully monetized. So, when I started watching the series, I&nbsp; wasn't familiar with the fish fam or the&nbsp;&nbsp; McClures. I wanted to check out their channels&nbsp; and also see if they seem to be following COPPA. Spoiler, it looks like they are&nbsp; not a lot of the time, allegedly. But how do I know? Made for&nbsp; kids videos do not have comment&nbsp;&nbsp; sections because it's meant to&nbsp; protect the privacy of children so that you don't get comment&nbsp; sections full of kids being like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My name is Tiffany. I'm 8&nbsp; years old. This is my address." You know, so if a video has a comment section,&nbsp; it clearly has not been marked as made for kids. But with COPPA overall in YouTube,&nbsp; there's a lot of gray areas because&nbsp;&nbsp; just because kids are in a video doesn't&nbsp; automatically make it made for kids. So, family channels can argue their videos&nbsp; aren't targeting kids, even if some kids&nbsp;&nbsp; happen to watch them. Their target audience&nbsp; is actually other parents or adults, right? But when it comes to most family vlogging&nbsp; channels, the kids are the stars. We all&nbsp;&nbsp; know that. And they're a big focus of the videos.&nbsp; You can tell by the titles and the thumbnails. And I would definitely argue that the vast&nbsp; majority of these videos are made for kids. You can tell by the subject matter.&nbsp; Again, they're doing kids activities.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're focusing on the kids and playing&nbsp; and toys and all this -- made for kids! But overall, it is very difficult to enforce&nbsp; COPPA. Similar to issues with undisclosed ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people are out here&nbsp; just blatantly disregarding&nbsp;&nbsp; the rules and hoping that they never get caught. So many channels get away with it, which&nbsp; allows them to earn basically like 10 times&nbsp;&nbsp; more in ad revenue than they should be if&nbsp; their audience is in fact mostly children. With that, let's talk about aspiring&nbsp; creators. Even aside from AdSense,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's plenty of money to be made on&nbsp; social media, especially with sponsorships. And as we've all heard, many kids&nbsp; these days want to be YouTubers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many parents would love&nbsp; to be YouTube momagers. At least one in three kids wants&nbsp; to be a social media star when they&nbsp;&nbsp; grow up. There is this idea of equal&nbsp; opportunity. Everyone who has a phone&nbsp;&nbsp; can be a content creator. There's so many&nbsp; other forces at play. Luck, privilege... So, quickly, I want to talk about again the&nbsp; aspiring family vlogger channel, Daisy and Ethan. Daisy talks about how charismatic her&nbsp; son is and how he loves YouTube and he&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to make YouTube videos. So,&nbsp; they start trying to pursue this. They made a couple of videos, but&nbsp; they're struggling to gain a following. But what really stands out to me about&nbsp; the sections that focus on this family&nbsp;&nbsp; is how often Ethan, who I think at the&nbsp; start is like seven or eight years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; how often he talks about money,&nbsp; wanting to do YouTube for money. I would like to make content. I would like to&nbsp; make people happy. I would like to make money. As we know, creators with large followings of&nbsp; kids, like the Paul brothers, many of them brag&nbsp;&nbsp; about how rich they are and their mansions&nbsp; and their cars and their cool stuff. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, these children watching&nbsp; are absorbing this and going,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You know what? Being a YouTuber seems cool.&nbsp; I can make a lot of money. That's awesome. I hope I would get 10 million subscribers. I would&nbsp;&nbsp; make a lot of money." And what would&nbsp; you do with that money? Buy a mansion. So, in one sense, it's just like the reality&nbsp; of the situation. kids do eventually learn&nbsp;&nbsp; that money exists and that money&nbsp; can get them the things they want. But there's another component of this&nbsp; because Daisy talks about their family&nbsp;&nbsp; struggling financially and how she&nbsp; hopes that this can become, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; stable income for the family. I definitely feel&nbsp; for her. Again, the economy is so rough. I get it. You're struggling. And the thought of being&nbsp; able to stay at home, work with your family,&nbsp;&nbsp; and make easy money doing social&nbsp; media, again, sounds like a dream. But the fact that the pressure of this&nbsp; is put on her son, I don't love that. What gets me nervous right now is when&nbsp; will I start to see the money come in? And again, this applies to all family&nbsp; channels. Again, that's one of my big&nbsp;&nbsp; critiques is like the children are the&nbsp; money makers. I don't think that's fair. Another element is that kids do internalize&nbsp; ideas about money. Many kids do hear their&nbsp;&nbsp; parents talk about money or talk&nbsp; about struggling to pay the bills,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that really comes out in a lot of these&nbsp; clips where Ethan just keeps emphasizing over&nbsp;&nbsp; and over and over, I want a bunch of&nbsp; subscribers so that we can make money. What kind of videos do you&nbsp; want to film? I don't know.&nbsp;&nbsp; So then why do you want a YouTube&nbsp; channel? Because it makes money. What is your goal? My goal is to make more&nbsp; money. Ethan's goal is to make more money. So my question here though for Daisy would&nbsp; be like if you want to pursue social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't you pursue it yourself? And&nbsp; maybe she has no interest in being an&nbsp;&nbsp; influencer. But like that's the problem is&nbsp; -- your kid likes YouTube and he thinks it&nbsp;&nbsp; might be fun to make some videos, but don't&nbsp; put the pressure on him to build a channel&nbsp;&nbsp; from zero and hopefully someday be making&nbsp; a ton of money. Do you know what I mean? So much of social media success does boil down&nbsp; to, as I mentioned, luck and privilege. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; a kid who's really trying at this and their their&nbsp; parents are trying to push them and they're all&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to do this. If it doesn't work out,&nbsp; they're going to feel like they personally&nbsp;&nbsp; did something wrong when really it's like the&nbsp; social media landscape is so competitive and so&nbsp;&nbsp; hard to gain traction in. And that's not your&nbsp; fault necessarily. It's just a lot for a kid. Okay, so next up, I want to talk about all&nbsp; of these families responding to the haters,&nbsp;&nbsp; finally hearing them be asked like, "What&nbsp; do you think about, you know, mean comments&nbsp;&nbsp; or snark pages talking about family vlogging&nbsp; and saying it's bad?" So, let's get into that. Some people watching this are going to say&nbsp; it's because you exploit your kids. People&nbsp;&nbsp; that book roles in TV shows and movies&nbsp; and and commercials, things like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the exact same thing. It's just we&nbsp; we have the production inside of our home. I'm going to say right off the&nbsp; bat, I hate Kyler's vibe here. The&nbsp;&nbsp; like posture that he immediately puts&nbsp; on, I'm just like, "Sir, calm down." It's the exact same thing as traditional media. No, it's not. This is blurring the lines between&nbsp; home and work. It's blurring the lines between&nbsp;&nbsp; family time, childhood, and performing. That's&nbsp; different than like being in a commercial. Some people would say that that is the&nbsp; exact problem, though. When you're in a&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional space, it's understood that it's work,&nbsp; whereas this is labor without any protection or&nbsp;&nbsp; regulation. Isn't that bad? I don't necessarily&nbsp; think it's bad. I think as a parent, you have to&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to see the situation. Okay, do our kids&nbsp; look miserable? Okay, is this a good time to film? So, to be fair, Madison then does say that she&nbsp; would support and go along with any regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp; Again, interestingly, Kyler does not. He doesn't&nbsp; say anything and then he jumps in with this. I don't feel like we're exploiting&nbsp; our kids. I think it's kind of a&nbsp;&nbsp; vicious cycle. I mean, you're doing it right now. I can't get over his posture and his facial&nbsp;&nbsp; expression. This is a man&nbsp; who's about to throw a fit. You're exploiting us and you're exploiting&nbsp; my kids right now for your gain. This is an interesting question. Okay. How&nbsp; how exploitative is the documentary genre?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is there a difference between like reality TV and&nbsp; a documentary? I would say yes. I think there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of nuance there. Not going to get into&nbsp; it now because we'll be here for four hours. It's a valid point. How do you feel about&nbsp; what we're doing? I'm allowing you to do&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I'm allowing you to do it because there's&nbsp; a story to be told. There's a story to be told. It's like, yeah, but that goes both ways.&nbsp; You're allowing this documentary crew to&nbsp;&nbsp; follow you because you thought that being&nbsp; in this documentary would be worthwhile. Why? Probably more press. the&nbsp; legitimacy of being featured in&nbsp;&nbsp; a major documentary. It's not like&nbsp; they're getting nothing out of it. There's this later scene where Justin and&nbsp; Kyler are both complaining about the haters. If you if you dive into that stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; like it actually just it actually&nbsp; just kind of messes with your brain. I can sympathize with the idea of being the&nbsp; target of a lot of hate or even like snark pages.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm sure it's not great. I'm sure it feels very&nbsp; bad. There definitely are people who go way too&nbsp;&nbsp; far in their um hatred of various creators,&nbsp; but you can't write off criticism overall. Sometimes you see these negative things out&nbsp; there like "you're using your kids" and all&nbsp;&nbsp; this kind of stuff and -- like if they only knew&nbsp; -- you just want to strangle these people. Yeah. Justin, you're on camera. My god. my kids are happy. They have great&nbsp; childhood. (we're with them!) Exactly. That's like such a big theme or that's like&nbsp;&nbsp; the message that both of these&nbsp; families try to promote is like, family vlogging is a good thing because&nbsp; we get to have the best job in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're spending time together as a&nbsp; family. We're making all this money. Yeah, we get quality time with the kids.&nbsp; So, can't criticize us cuz we're home. That negates everything else&nbsp; that could potentially be bad? Listen, I get why people may have opinions of&nbsp; 'you're forcing this on them' or you're making&nbsp;&nbsp; your kids do that. And I also think some people&nbsp; feel very validated when it comes out about&nbsp;&nbsp; a certain family. Oh my gosh, those kids were&nbsp; locked up unless they performed. They're like,&nbsp;&nbsp; I knew it. I know. That's probably&nbsp; what all these creators are doing. When something as absolutely horrifying&nbsp; as the Franke situation comes out,&nbsp;&nbsp; many fans and viewers are concerned about&nbsp; what actually goes on behind closed doors. You know, obviously we see what makes it into&nbsp; the edited videos, but we don't know what it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like. We don't know what the kids are actually&nbsp; experiencing. And I'm not saying that everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; is being harmed in that way, but as many&nbsp; like family vlogger haters say, it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll wait and see when the kids get older and&nbsp; they can tell us how they really felt about it. But until that time comes, we're just&nbsp; taking the parents words. And of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; the parents tend to say, "Yeah, the kids&nbsp; love it. It's all good. Don't worry." Some people might say we're making our kids&nbsp; work. You should not do that. That is the&nbsp;&nbsp; child ab -- blah blah blah blah blah. Let's&nbsp; be very clear. We're doing most of the work.&nbsp;&nbsp; My kids show up and song and dance for&nbsp; 25 minutes or we do a fun challenge. But&nbsp;&nbsp; who's doing the work? We're editing the&nbsp; videos. I'm looking at the algorithms.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm making the thumbnails. I'm doing&nbsp; all the digital marketing, everything. Okay. You know what, Justin? I will agree&nbsp; with you. I think it is a fair point that&nbsp;&nbsp; the parents are doing the bulk of the work&nbsp; when it comes to this kind of operation. Either that or you're hiring someone else to&nbsp;&nbsp; handle it, whether that's like&nbsp; videography, lighting, editing. Though, I would still argue the&nbsp; trade-off is your kids privacy. your kids becoming famous before they can&nbsp; even understand or conceptualize social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; let alone consent to being put&nbsp; on display to that many people. You have over 100,000 subscribers and&nbsp; you don't even know what you're doing&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz you you're just having&nbsp; fun with dada, right? Yeah. Give this video 50 thousand likes! And also again, even if the&nbsp; kids are only filming for&nbsp;&nbsp; like 20 minutes at a time here&nbsp; and there, that is still work. And when you're a child, most children do not work&nbsp; in any capacity. even if it's a relatively small&nbsp;&nbsp; portion of their day. These kids are working.&nbsp; Okay. I don't think that should be like minimized. But people will say, "Well,&nbsp; if you didn't have the kid,&nbsp;&nbsp; no one would watch your videos." (laughing) Yeah! Absolutely. But I will say, if we weren't doing&nbsp; this, we'd be doing something else that I'd be&nbsp;&nbsp; equally successful in because of the drive that&nbsp; we have to be good at this. Our kids are happy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Leave us alone. We'll leave you alone and&nbsp; I'll meet you at the evolution bell curve. He thinks he just slayed us there, you know.&nbsp; Meet me at the evolution bell curve. I was&nbsp;&nbsp; like, "What does that mean?" Huh?&nbsp; Maybe I'm too dumb to understand. Next question is, "What happens to the&nbsp; money? Are we saving money for the kids?" Obviously, a major issue is these&nbsp; families are making bank off the children,&nbsp;&nbsp; off their likeness. They are the&nbsp; stars of the show. Is any of that&nbsp;&nbsp; money being saved for them? Is it&nbsp; being set aside for their future? What we're doing in the business that we've&nbsp; established is directly going to be our&nbsp;&nbsp; children's inheritance. As they grow older,&nbsp; they have a platform of people to market to. That was interesting because&nbsp; I think that's the first time&nbsp;&nbsp; I've heard a parent blatantly say like the&nbsp; inheritance is not just purely financial,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the inheritance is the business&nbsp; of the social media platforms. And that's interesting though that&nbsp; would still require the kids to&nbsp;&nbsp; continue working like take on the family&nbsp; business, take over control versus like, if the kids decided once they're older&nbsp; that they don't want to do social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; what would they be left with? I think that's a very important&nbsp; question and I want to hear numbers. Are you setting aside money&nbsp; for your children and how much? We are setting aside uh money for our kids.&nbsp; I have a certain amount that I think they&nbsp;&nbsp; should have by the time that they're&nbsp; 18 years old so they can buy a house,&nbsp;&nbsp; not so they can waste it and buy a&nbsp; Lamborghini or purses, but that's around&nbsp;&nbsp; $500,000. That should be enough. I'm not a&nbsp; fan of giving a child millions of dollars. Okay, And not to play into the phony body&nbsp; language analysis, but I was very interested&nbsp;&nbsp; when I watched this. I noticed that Ami seems&nbsp; uncomfortable. I don't know if that's with the&nbsp;&nbsp; question in general or Justin's response.&nbsp; I'm not going to read into that. Who knows?&nbsp;&nbsp; We didn't get to hear from her what her uh&nbsp; perspective is or if she agrees with that. I also wonder I'm like, okay, 500,000...&nbsp; obviously a ton of money. Anyone would be&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely lucky to like inherit that&nbsp; or have that in a trust for them. But are we talking 500,000&nbsp; for each twin or each kid,&nbsp;&nbsp; including the youngest? Yeah.&nbsp; 500,000 each by the time they're 18. I mean, again, that's a great great nest egg, but also again going back to how much they earn.&nbsp; If there were months that they were earning that&nbsp;&nbsp; $150,000 a month between AdSense and brand deals,&nbsp; or they're making 125 grand from a Nike deal,&nbsp;&nbsp; ending up with 500,000 each, even still&nbsp; seems pretty low to me. I don't know. It's hard to say like what the&nbsp; correct number is of course&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is up to a parent's&nbsp; discretion for the most part. But that's again why these rules&nbsp; and regulations can be so important&nbsp;&nbsp; because right now it's just whatever you&nbsp; want. Many of these kids they stop doing&nbsp;&nbsp; social media. They have nothing&nbsp; and that is completely unfair. We have seen many more people calling for&nbsp; increased regulation of child influencing.&nbsp;&nbsp; California recently added child&nbsp; influencers to the Coogan law.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a California state bill that&nbsp; requires that 15% of the child's&nbsp;&nbsp; earnings be placed in a trust that&nbsp; they can access once they're adults. But for many child influencers, this&nbsp; sort of protection does not exist. We are relying on the morality of the&nbsp; parents to completely self regulate. There have been a lot of people&nbsp; speculating that family vloggers&nbsp;&nbsp; have left California because of that&nbsp; law because they're trying to, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; run away from the regulations because they&nbsp; don't want to save money for the kids. I don't know if that's been&nbsp; proven to actually be true. Of course, you can speculate when somebody&nbsp; moves, you know, what their reasoning was. For the most part, a lot of those&nbsp; creators are more conservative&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway. They may just be escaping the&nbsp; liberal hell hole of California -- I love California. I miss it so much -- for more conservative places maybe that&nbsp; fit their lifestyle and and everything more. Nashville has become a uh hot spot&nbsp; for more conservative influencers.&nbsp;&nbsp; No income tax is obviously a huge benefit there. But yeah, like is that influencer law the&nbsp; primary thing driving them away? I don't know. Next critique of family vloggers&nbsp; that they address is the idea of&nbsp;&nbsp; stranger danger. This came up a&nbsp; few times throughout the series. Why are people concerned? I love how frankly naive many of&nbsp; these parents act when they're,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, faced with these kind of criticisms. What about online safety? What&nbsp; about the kids? Who's watching? Why are people concerned? Because we know that&nbsp; creeps are all over these kid and family pages. It's unfortunate. Of course, it's&nbsp; disgusting, but it's been proven.&nbsp;&nbsp; And to pretend like that's not a factor&nbsp; or that's not a part of reality is naive. There's no way of going back.&nbsp; Kind of already just in it.... Let's see how many followers&nbsp; you have, Cohen. 196,000! I do love the editing here, the juxtaposition. Again, the idea of making an Instagram&nbsp; account for my newborn seems asinine, but to be like, "Oh, cool. He has 200,000&nbsp; followers." And that's a good thing to you?? And I'm not even implying that every person&nbsp; who follows these accounts is dangerous,&nbsp;&nbsp; but like even if you're&nbsp; the nicest person on earth, why do you have this parasocial relationship&nbsp; with a literal newborn? That's weird. And again, I feel like so many parents&nbsp; when I've heard them respond to this&nbsp;&nbsp; are just not concerned or maybe they can't&nbsp; even bear to to really think about the issue because if it were me, it would drive&nbsp; me insane to like realize that maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; putting my kids out there publicly&nbsp; might be putting them in harm's way. people's concerns come from&nbsp; like yes, just basic privacy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and like, kids have a right to have&nbsp; control over their digital footprint but also again, the more information that&nbsp; you put out there -- all it takes is one&nbsp;&nbsp; weird fan being obsessed with you&nbsp; and you can have a stalker, you know let alone if you have millions of fans who are&nbsp; obsessed with you from the day you're born! but like even let's say these kids grow&nbsp; up they have their own Instagram they&nbsp;&nbsp; take control of their accounts, kids in&nbsp; general can be very vulnerable online and you never know who might&nbsp; reach out to your kids, it can be really hard for parents&nbsp; to know who they're talking to. Kids have been tricked or catfished. And yeah, it's just really a&nbsp; matter of scale because any&nbsp;&nbsp; kid online can be vulnerable to these these risks. But having millions of followers makes&nbsp; it much much much more likely that some&nbsp;&nbsp; number of those people may seek out&nbsp; your child in one way or another. There are a lot of people watching you guys. You&nbsp;&nbsp; ever noticed anything that is&nbsp; like weird even from like fans? For the most part, no... Recently on Facebook, actually, there was one&nbsp; comment and I was just like, "This is weird." And on the picture of Ava, a male commented,&nbsp; "Please keep her safe. She's my future wife." Please keep her safe. She's my future wife?? If anyone said that to me about my&nbsp; child, I would be burning the world down. And I'm sure that's not even the&nbsp; worst comment or message that&nbsp;&nbsp; they've ever received on behalf of the family. It's terrifying. You're allowing and encouraging and further&nbsp;&nbsp; deepening that parasocial&nbsp; relationship with strangers. You don't know who's out there. my my response was blocked and I went and&nbsp; just blocked. I have nothing to say to that. But it really doesn't happen often at all. People say things like, you know, you're&nbsp; putting your kids online. What if there's,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, child predators watching? And you can't control that. It is true that you can't control necessarily who&nbsp;&nbsp; watches something when you&nbsp; put it out in the public. But you can control what you post to the public. You can control, keeping your&nbsp; kids away or more protected&nbsp;&nbsp; from that versus shoving them out into the world. So for me that's like saying, "Oh,&nbsp; there's, you know, bees in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; You should never go outside. They might&nbsp; sting you." Well, they're not right here. And the bee analogy, I'm like, I'm not arguing for&nbsp; people to be like overly paranoid or like never&nbsp;&nbsp; let their kids out into the world at all, but I&nbsp; think there's a healthy level of care and caution. And yes, this is a parenting&nbsp; decision, but like I am a parent now. I have a 9-month-old and I personally would lean&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty far on the side of caution when&nbsp; it comes to the internet and strangers. You know, my kids aren't affected&nbsp; by them right now. We're perfectly&nbsp;&nbsp; fine with protecting them in the way that we do. It's as if like it's not a real concern unless&nbsp; someone is literally banging down your door... which a lot of YouTubers and content&nbsp; creators don't actually speak about&nbsp;&nbsp; the stalkers or terrible interactions&nbsp; that they have because speaking about&nbsp;&nbsp; it publicly can encourage that kind of behavior. Probably every well-known&nbsp; and even smaller creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost every one of them has had some sort of&nbsp; a stalker or like uncomfortable fan situation. And there are people who show up at YouTubers'&nbsp; houses, you know, it's not unheard of. So, I understand being a parent and saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I'm going to handle my&nbsp; own family. I can keep them safe. But like, can you? I hope you can. click analytics and it shows&nbsp; you 30% male, mostly 35 to 44. Here's their dad, Justin, showing them their&nbsp; analytics, saying that a big portion of their&nbsp;&nbsp; audience are 30 to 40 year-old men. And&nbsp; the girls are shocked because, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're young girls. They cater to a young&nbsp; female audience. Why are older men watching? Over 30% guys. That's crazy. Yes, that's crazy. And he's&nbsp; so nonchalant about it. Yeah that's crazy. A lot of people say this, like they&nbsp; say they've never been catcalled so&nbsp;&nbsp; much as when they were underage.&nbsp; And I can totally relate to that. Like, I started YouTube when&nbsp; I was literally 11 and I was&nbsp;&nbsp; posting vlogs and skits and all kinds of videos. And I never got more creepy comments and messages&nbsp; from men than when I was literally 12 or 13. It's gross. At the time, I would laugh&nbsp; at it and be like, "Ew, creepy old men." But like as an adult now, I'm&nbsp; like that's actually horrifying. Looking at the girls demographic as they&nbsp; grow up. I have to be honest in saying I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't concern myself too much with&nbsp; that because I mean it's the world. I don't concern myself with the world. Actually,&nbsp; I just don't concern myself with it. Oh, okay. You're exposing them to this or people&nbsp; who shouldn't be looking at little girls? Maybe... but those people walk&nbsp; around the world every day. Those people are out in the world.&nbsp; Yes, that's true. And often we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know what people are really like or&nbsp; who we're walking by on the street. But again to just be like, it's&nbsp; inevitable. It's it is what it is ?? Our job is to protect our children&nbsp; generally regardless of what's going&nbsp;&nbsp; on on the internet and we keep them very&nbsp; close because that is our job as parents. I think the thing with these family channels,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a central piece of beef I have, is like&nbsp; the foundation of their existence as creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; would be absolutely rocked if they had to&nbsp; actually truly reckon with this reality. So, I think they often don't really let&nbsp; themselves think deeply about this issue. Like, they're like, "Yeah, yeah,&nbsp; weirdos exist, but like it's fine." Which like is a shocking response to me already,&nbsp; but I'm like, No, truly, really think about it. Think deeply and consider, is it&nbsp; worth having my kids out here,&nbsp;&nbsp; knowing that these people are in their audience,&nbsp;&nbsp; not knowing who those people are or if they&nbsp; may someday pass my child somewhere, you know? Is there not the questions of like, what&nbsp; if? Like what are the actual risks here? That's the wild thing is like I feel like&nbsp; they don't even acknowledge like yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a risk. Yeah, this is a risky decision,&nbsp; but it's a risk that we're fine taking. I honestly would rather hear&nbsp; them just blatantly say that&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of being like no, it's not an issue. It very well could be an issue and you don't&nbsp; know it's going to be an issue until it is. But again, the foundation of family vlogging&nbsp;&nbsp; requires you being okay with putting&nbsp; your kids out publicly to the world. And if you decided that you&nbsp; weren't a fan of that anymore,&nbsp;&nbsp; you would be forced to remove your kids from&nbsp; the internet, which many people have done. Many creators now don't show their&nbsp; kids anymore, even if they used to. And I love seeing people do that because&nbsp; you can change your mind. It's not too late. Yes, there's tons of videos and pictures of&nbsp; them out there, but like you can at least&nbsp;&nbsp; stop today and at least stop continuing&nbsp; to expose them to more and more people. At least give them the power to&nbsp; later rejoin social media once&nbsp;&nbsp; they're old enough to truly consent&nbsp; to that and handle it themselves. Like, yeah, you can't keep your kids in a bubble.&nbsp; You can't protect them from every sort of harm. But all of that being said,&nbsp;&nbsp; all this talk of like we're not concerned&nbsp; about creeps or people in the real world, the McClures also in this series&nbsp; show that they threw a birthday party&nbsp;&nbsp; for their 2-year-old son and invited&nbsp; the public. They invited their fans. It was actually a fan-only event to&nbsp; come celebrate this toddler's birthday. I understand doing like meet and greets&nbsp; and meeting fans like at a VidCon or a&nbsp;&nbsp; convention or even like if you put&nbsp; together your own fan event, sure. But like choosing to have&nbsp; the youngest kid's birthday&nbsp;&nbsp; as the venue is like a little interesting to me. 40 kids, 60 adults, a bunch&nbsp; of people we don't know. Can you just explain a little bit about&nbsp; how you maybe vetted some of these people? Basically had like trivia questions&nbsp; and video questions and questions&nbsp;&nbsp; about Jersey and the family. At what age&nbsp; did Big Boy Jersey take his first steps? I really wanted to see who had&nbsp; something genuine to say... which I'm like, that's not vetting. That's&nbsp; just showing that like they are a fan of&nbsp;&nbsp; yours. They know a lot of information about your&nbsp; family, but does that mean that they're safe? Again, you don't know who's showing up to this. We're being smart. We have security&nbsp; coming. Um, things like that... because I mean, I'm sure&nbsp; everyone is innocent enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we have to always protect our family.&nbsp; That's just, you know, number one priority. I love fan conventions. I love that&nbsp; people are able to meet, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the artists and the creators that&nbsp; they love and get to speak with&nbsp;&nbsp; them in person and let them know how&nbsp; much they like their work. I get that. But I think first of all that's fine for adults,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe okay for teenagers, but&nbsp; still. But like a two-year-old? And again, many of these fans were just&nbsp; sweeties who were like, "I'm a grandma and&nbsp;&nbsp; I miss my grandkids being young and it makes&nbsp; me happy to watch your kids." Okay, sure. Again, parasocial relationship with your kid. I'd be a little weirded out,&nbsp; but like seems harmless, right? I just cut my television off because I want&nbsp; to dedicate a certain number of hours to just&nbsp;&nbsp; watching them. I raised four daughters and&nbsp; they're all in their 20s now. So, I miss&nbsp;&nbsp; that that baby phase and it's like I'm getting&nbsp; it back from watching them raise their kids... and they're kind of like my kids and I really&nbsp; appreciate that you share them with us. Mhm. But as we've seen with like Christina Grimmie,&nbsp;&nbsp; you never know who might show up to this&nbsp; event and all it takes is one person. So, it's just an interesting&nbsp; weighing of risk factors to me. And then the poor kid while he's at this party,&nbsp;&nbsp; he wants to go home. He's tired. He's&nbsp; over stimulated. And they're like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, we got to stay here. All these&nbsp; people came for you." He's 2 years old. Go back home. Go back home. You hear him?&nbsp; I think he wants to go home. Ready? Say&nbsp;&nbsp; hi. He wants to go home. But he's&nbsp; having a good time. I know he is. There's a lot more that I need to skip&nbsp; cuz I've gone way too deep into this. But there were sections about like, you know,&nbsp; the stresses of the algorithm that we all&nbsp;&nbsp; experience and chasing trends and feeling&nbsp; obligated to just do whatever's popular and family channels definitely&nbsp; experience that as well. And especially when it comes to kids trends,&nbsp; like you're doing all the weirdest things cuz&nbsp;&nbsp; you're like, I don't know, kids are into&nbsp; slime and like hidden rooms or whatever. And like a big portion of this was about pranks. The fish fam had done a bunch of pranks like&nbsp; pranking my husband that my water broke,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was so clearly like not even a real prank. That's my thing is I'm like, "Okay,&nbsp; pranks are the scourge of YouTube." But like at least a real prank, a genuine&nbsp; prank where someone is actually surprised,&nbsp;&nbsp; that can be good sometimes. Okay,&nbsp; it can be kind of satisfying. But once you know that your&nbsp; family does pranks a lot,&nbsp;&nbsp; like everyone always knows that a prank is coming. And also, most of the time&nbsp; it's not even an actual prank. They're acting like it's a prank. And that one I'm like, Kyler and Madison,&nbsp;&nbsp; you guys were pursuing acting and you&nbsp; were not very good in these videos. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Okay,&nbsp; we really need to go. Tell me&nbsp;&nbsp; where the bag's at and I'll go figure it&nbsp; out. Okay. What do you need? Tell me... Anyways, and it did 6.2 million&nbsp; views, had 102,000 likes. So, naturally, like we want to do it again,&nbsp; you know, cuz we got to get the views! So, now we're going to prank the kids. But like&nbsp; kids don't understand what water breaking means. I've been having really bad cramps. We might&nbsp; need to pack a hospital bag. I think your&nbsp;&nbsp; baby brother might be coming today. If my&nbsp; water breaks, that means the baby's coming. It's like the kids are just confused. What was that? Did my water just break? You&nbsp; guys, the baby's coming out, in my backyard! Then the McClures had also, you&nbsp; know, dipped their toes into pranks. There was a prank going around arguing in&nbsp; front of our kids. And so today's video&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be me disrespecting&nbsp; Ami to get the kids reaction. Love that concept. Hilarious. So they stage this argument in front&nbsp; of the girls and the girls get upset&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're like, "Is this real? Please tell us." It seems like I'm the only one in this&nbsp; family working hard doing things. Three&nbsp;&nbsp; bozos right here. Especially that one right there. (Is this real... is this real?) It's very real. This is pissing me off so much.&nbsp; I have another girlfriend. Looks&nbsp;&nbsp; better than your mom. She's smarter than your mom. And then eventually the kids get&nbsp; upset because they're confused. They're used to filming and&nbsp; they know cameras are set up,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the line between real and fake&nbsp; is confusing, especially for a child. Are we filming? Are we acting? You don't know what's genuine or what's scripted,&nbsp; especially when you're pranking your own kids. So then they turned it into a&nbsp; family lesson that it's wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; to prank your kids or lie to your kids. And um... Why did he do that? I think that he thought that it&nbsp; might be a good video, I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think he expected you guys to be upset like that. (I don't like the video) I understand&nbsp; that. (It's the worst thing ever.) Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; do pranks anymore. We won't do those&nbsp; types of pranks ever again, okay? So finally we get to the end of this&nbsp; and a big remaining question is, what happens when the kids&nbsp; of family channels grow up? Everybody loves a toddler. They're&nbsp; hilarious. They say the darndest things. But that's like the peak of cuteness&nbsp; on family channels. As they get older,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of times the audience gets less interested. You know, oh, who wants to watch an&nbsp; 8-year-old? No offense to the 8-year-olds!! but you can focus on the younger and younger&nbsp; kids, but eventually you stop having kids&nbsp;&nbsp; and all the kids start to grow up and you&nbsp; think, hm, our views are dropping. What next? I found that what's his name? Not Ryder. What's&nbsp;&nbsp; his name? Kyler. Dad Kyler is&nbsp; pursuing a country music career. And I wanted to laugh at it at first, but&nbsp; then I realized I'm like, you know what?&nbsp;&nbsp; People pursuing art is cool. All right. Is&nbsp; it a genuine passion or is it just another&nbsp;&nbsp; like cash grab? I don't know. But like I don't&nbsp; WANT to make fun of people for pursuing music. But then I found that Cole Labrant&nbsp; from the Labrant family is also&nbsp;&nbsp; pursuing music kind of right now.&nbsp; He made a song called Swag Daddy. And I definitely want to make fun of that. I'm like, you know what? If it's just you&nbsp;&nbsp; do it. Whatever these parents&nbsp; want to pursue, that's great. Another major thing that these parents&nbsp; obviously do is they try to launch businesses. Everybody knows that YouTubers try to move&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond just YouTube. You want&nbsp; to do bigger and better things. The Fish Fam have created drink blocks,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is flavored water for kids in&nbsp; these stackable buildable containers in case you would like to&nbsp; start hoarding your kids trash. Snuggle gloves that are a toy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but really like a pillow on on a&nbsp; glove. I don't know the point of that but their their biggest venture so far is&nbsp; Wittles, which is a "healthy" chocolate milk. Then with the McClures, Ami started&nbsp; a skincare brand called Gleam Beauty and Justin invented the Ultralite,&nbsp; which is like a little light that&nbsp;&nbsp; goes on your tripod for filming and it's&nbsp; been backed by Daymond from Shark Tank. That's cool. You know, I I totally&nbsp; support people looking into new ventures. Final thoughts. Overall, I enjoyed this series. I don't think it it gave as many&nbsp; like shocking revelations as I&nbsp;&nbsp; would like to see, but that's&nbsp; probably like more realistic. We didn't really get to see&nbsp; like the long-term impact&nbsp;&nbsp; from the kids themselves because&nbsp; the kids are still pretty young. Ava and Alexis are I think they&nbsp; just turned 12 and then Tatum and&nbsp;&nbsp; Oakley are I believe 8 years old,&nbsp; so they're still pretty young. Um though the McClure twins have&nbsp; started to like become a lot more&nbsp;&nbsp; active in the social media work and I think&nbsp; they have a better understanding of it now. Still though, I really do think it&nbsp; it takes waiting until kids are a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot older and maybe even removed&nbsp; from the social media situation&nbsp;&nbsp; for them to be able to reflect and&nbsp; think about how they actually feel. And I'm sure their feelings change over time. I'm sure there are good happy memories.&nbsp; I'm sure they enjoyed making bank, but I I assume that there's very complicated&nbsp; feelings when it comes to the experience&nbsp;&nbsp; of being raised online from the time&nbsp; that you were at least like a toddler. There's also a question of like how will the&nbsp; kids react once they are able to read comments. for a long time, parents can&nbsp; protect the kids from that like,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're not able to look at it or&nbsp; they're not allowed to read comments but eventually you will or like kids at&nbsp; school will show you things or tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; what people are maybe saying&nbsp; about your family online -- which is really difficult&nbsp; as a kid, even as an adult. I'm like couldn't this documentary just wait&nbsp;&nbsp; five more years and we could&nbsp; get like a full 10 year span. Let's just do Boyhood, but like&nbsp; family vlogger version, right? Then to wrap up, Daisy and Ethan, the&nbsp; aspiring family vloggers. Spoiler,&nbsp;&nbsp; their channel did not blow up. I think they made like, you know, 5 to 10 videos. So, I wouldn't say that's enough to like build&nbsp; momentum and and potentially gain a following, but by the end, Ethan didn't want to do social&nbsp;&nbsp; media anymore, and he was kind of&nbsp; embarrassed about his old videos. But the mom, frustratingly, Daisy, is still like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I really hope Ethan would get back into it.&nbsp; Oh, maybe our younger kid can do social media." It's like, hello, lady. Like,&nbsp; again, if you want to do this,&nbsp;&nbsp; make your own channel. Stop forcing it&nbsp; on the kids. They don't want to do it. Ethan even specifically asked&nbsp; his mom to delete the old videos&nbsp;&nbsp; because he's embarrassed about them and she&nbsp; wouldn't. And I think that's pretty uncool. Like, even though he's only like 10 or&nbsp; 11, I think. I think it's important to&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to your kids's wishes, especially&nbsp; on a channel that has like basically no&nbsp;&nbsp; followers anyway. It's like you don't have&nbsp; anything to lose. You don't have to delete&nbsp;&nbsp; the videos. You can private them. you can&nbsp; save them for yourselves, but like I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know why you would keep that public if that would&nbsp; potentially hurt your kid and make them feel bad. So, that is that. I hope you enjoyed today's video. Thank you to the Born to Be Viral&nbsp; team for reaching out to me. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was a -- It was very cool to be asked my&nbsp; perspective on a couple of these things. Also, oh my god, I forgot to mention my haircut.&nbsp; My haircut's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, actually. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; not at all what I asked for. It It wasn't meant to&nbsp; look like this, but it's fine. Hair grows. Okay. And thank you again to Ritual&nbsp; for sponsoring today's video.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can click the link in the&nbsp; description to check them out. Last thing, I want to promote uh my latest videos&nbsp;&nbsp; because the algorithm is tough and we are&nbsp; all struggling in the attention economy. If you haven't seen my last few uploads,&nbsp; please consider checking them out. A couple of them are close to 200,000 and&nbsp; that'd be great if we could break through there. I've covered millennial optimism,&nbsp; irony, and cringe, ChatGPT, and my last video was about how&nbsp; motherhood should radicalize you. essentially about how being a mother&nbsp; and a parent in the United States is&nbsp;&nbsp; absolutely insane and I don't know how we survive. My silver lining is that other countries are able&nbsp; to take better care of people and I believe that&nbsp;&nbsp; we can someday too. Okay. Always got to believe&nbsp; in a better future otherwise I will just implode. K thanks bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @tiffanyferg [130 likes]: Hope y'all enjoy this one!! // Thank you to Ritual for sponsoring this video! Get 30% off your first month: https://ritual.com/tiffanyferg
  2. @Weloveturkeyshereinvt [3 likes]: Love that the dad is so uneducated he doesn't know the definition of 'exploitation.'
  3. @Sgtbirdie [2 likes]: 29:48 I really appreciate being raised on a part of Tumblr where people drilled into younger users to not post pictures of yourself and do not give out your age/info
  4. @keciaaskew5166 [1 likes]: I don’t like family vloggers. These families are literally trying to make their kids work and making money off their children. These families need to get a real job. I feel really bad for these children, these families aren’t protecting their children they only trying to make money that’s it. Children are not pawns. 🤦‍♀️🙄
  5. @Legeritytv [1 likes]: I think it's very telling how many family vlogs left California after they passed a law requiring a portion of online revenue needs to be put aside in a trust for the kids. This isn't about having fun, it's about exploiting their kids for every penny
  6. @vikvaaael [1 likes]: 15:38  yes dude it's the same thing talk to the child stars about how fun it was to be a child star, at least kids in movies have some semblance of labor laws
  7. @vicnlevi: 5:10 lmao nobody's telling you to stop having a family or having fun family time, we're just saying that exposing your kids to millions of strangers online and exploiting their entire lives for content is harmful 😭
  8. @vicnlevi: Adding another little layer to the topic here: as a trans person, I cannot even imagine how awful it would've been to be exposed and shared like this as a child, with my deadname plastered everywhere and known to millions of people, maybe even in articles and documentaries later on, which I could never truly escape. Dealing with a few dozen people having known my deadname and deleting stuff from the old 'fake me' is already hard enough, and I only started having more Internet access than just Gmail in my teen years.

A child is a person in the making. They don't know much about themselves or who they wanna be yet. They did not consent to any of this, because they *can't*. They are not aware enough.

They are not supposed to be watched by millions (or thousands... tbh even hundreds is too much) of random people for entertainment.
  9. @margojanus7109: As someone who is Mormon, I have the view of family vlogging IS Satan's plan... like, they're not thinking about how it'll affect their kids? Will their kids have a relationship with them when they're older? Literally their job will tear their family apart, and it gives dangerous people access to your kids, so... don't know where they got that viewpoint from.
  10. @BizzieBee: late finding this video, but I wanted to echo other commenters and say I appreciate that you took the time and effort to blur the kids' faces!
  11. @RoyNakazzi-g5x: Money can buy for you temporary happiness and God gives you eternal happiness.
  12. @justthingstbh6061: "This might shock you, but they're Mormon" nothing could have shocked me less
  13. @beelzeburrito: These parents hate their kids. They’re just props.
  14. @lb1203: Is it too intense to just say out loud that men are pleasuring themselves to pictures of their daughters?! That needs to just be stated. It's not really the risk of if they show up to their house and kidnap one of them, it's that these pictures and videos are allowing these men to indulge in an underage fantasy. Also with AI they can take just a normal photo of your child and turn it into full on inappropriate child images. I think that just needs to be said clearly.
  15. @rebeccajesse4604: Don’t prank your kids. Just don’t. Especially pranks that can be violent or traumatic-which arguing can be. I’m not just being a “snowflake” when I say that. I still have memories from when I was 2 years old burned into my head of turning up the TV to try and block the noise. It’s fuzzy but still there. Plus, causing emotional distress is not the point of a prank, it’s supposed to make EVERYONE laugh. Otherwise it’s just bullying.
  16. @rebeccajesse4604: “There’s predators in the world, walking down the street”. Okay, but they don’t know my name, where I live, my house layout, my parents jobs and schedule. They don’t have a built in excuse to come up and talk to me. They don’t have millions of image at the ready to “fantasize” over. That’s the benefit of anonymity as a child. Being offline and anonymous doesn’t make the predators go away, but it severely limits their access to the children.
  17. @rebeccajesse4604: Bwahaha I don’t quite understand what the “evolution bell curve” is supposed to mean the way he says it….1) evolution doesn’t happen fast enough for you to make any difference and the only difference you could possibly make can be undone by your offspring. 2) a bell curve is not the graph you want to be in if you are trying to show you’re “better” than anyone. If you are on a bell curve you want to be in the middle since that’s where the majority is and where the data is most robust. Basically, the further away from the middle (the majority) the more likely you will just be dismissed as an outlier. Plus, you can’t really apply statistics to one person. So, he is either fundamentally misunderstanding both concepts, I am missing something, or he thinks he’s so special that he alone can intentionally affect evolution and he would be a “good” outlier (not really a “good” thing in statistics or data sets)?
  18. @swampgoddess62: Traumatizing kids for views is disgusting 37:38
  19. @MMMNemesis: I once saw a clip with a baby eating a banana and it was weirdly long and I thought "Who on earth watches this?" because it was so uninteresting. And then one person commented on it that apparently some parents do this because it makes more people click on it, and who are those people? The parents fully know who the audience is that wants to watch their babies put banana shaped objects in their mouths and THEY DO NOT CARE.
  20. @igottahavemore: Madison Fisher literally branded her twins. She's a pimp.

- The aftermath of the viral video! This mother saw her daughter's bitter condition!!: Kind: captions Language: en 15 years long. This girl had a huge fight with her mother >> because she wanted to marry a man she didn't approve of. A man kept watching her because something was strange. He had been daydreaming for a very long time and approached her and asked, "Sorry, Mom. Why are you standing here daydreaming for over an hour?" The mother replied that she saw a viral video of her daughter selling paintings on the side of the road while carrying her grandson. The mother then told him that when her daughter was in college, she dated a man she didn't like and didn't get his blessing. She advised her daughter not to marry that man. But sadly, her daughter didn't want to listen to her. Instead, she scolded and yelled at her mother in a high tone. When this man asked why the mother didn't go to her daughter, the mother said that they haven't seen each other for more than 15 years, and she was afraid that her daughter would be embarrassed that she ended up like this. The man then deafly decided to approach his daughter, immediately greeted by his two children, aged five and seven, offering their mother paintings. It turns out that this woman has a very good talent for painting. The man then said there was a mother who was watching her from afar. And when this woman wanted to see her, she was devastated and started crying. Then she went over to her mother and hugged her tightly, realizing that her mother would always love her, even though she had chosen the wrong path that her parents didn't approve of.

- Lena Responds to Miu? The Emotional Aftermath of Their Viral 2026 Stream 💬💖: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back to Kdrama Diaries. Before we get into the heart of today's emotional update, please don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel and hit that notification bell so you never miss a moment of the Leno journey. Today we are following up on the chaos that shook the fandom last week. Lena responds to Mio, we're diving into the emotional aftermath of their viral 2026 stream. The internet is still reeling from the exposure session where Mionat Shaw playfully outed Lena Lina's softer side, but the story took a deeper turn this morning. Lena finally broke her silence regarding the viral clips, and her response has shifted the narrative from chaotic comedy to a heartfelt reflection on their seven-year bond. Instead of being defensive about the softy labels, Lena embraced the truth in a way that has left fans more invested than ever in their 2026 trajectory. Behind the scenes, the aftermath of that live stream wasn't just about social media numbers. It was a moment of real connection between the two stars. Insiders at Channel 3 suggest that Lena and Mio spent the hours following the broadcast discussing the overwhelming fan reaction. While the exposure felt like a prank on camera, the emotional aftermath revealed just how much they rely on each other to navigate the pressures of their newfound global fame. Lena's response came in the form of a quiet, beautifully written post that many are calling a love letter to their friendship. She addressed the late night calls Mio joked about, confirming that her safe zone isn't just a project title, but a person. This level of vulnerability from Lena, who is usually known for her composed and cool exterior, has marked a significant shift in her 2026 public persona. The emotional aftermath also reached the set of their upcoming series workshops, where the atmosphere has reportedly become even more supportive. Staff members noted that Mio seemed slightly more attentive to Lena's comfort after the stream, almost as if she felt a responsibility for the chaos she had unleashed. This protective cycle between them, where they take turns being each other's anchor, is the secret ingredient to their 2026 success point. One of the most touching revelations from the aftermath was a shared photo Lena posted of the two of them during their traininee days 7 years ago. The caption simply read, "Some things never change, even when the whole world is watching." This nod to their long history together served as a reminder to the Leno community that their bond is built on a foundation that predates any script or camera lens. The truth about Lena's response is that it actually strengthened their professional brand as they prepare for their second GL series. Channel 3 executives are reportedly thrilled with the authentic energy the duo is bringing to their 2026 promotions. By being honest about their emotional connection Lena and Mio are setting a new standard for how Tai stars interact with their global audience. I am the days following the viral stream. Neil also took a moment during a solo brand event to clarify her teasing. She admitted that while she loves to joke, she has a deep respect for Lena's strength. I can only tease her because I know she's strong enough to hold me when I fall. Neo told the press. This reciprocal respect is what makes the emotional aftermath of their viral moments so rewarding for the fans. For the Kdrama Diaries community, the most analyzed part of the aftermath has been the subtle interactions on Instagram. Fans noticed that Lena has been liking fan edits that focus on the emotional depth of their bond rather than just the funny clips. This indicates that Lena is ready to let the world see the more serious, committed side of their partnership as they head into a busy 2026. The 2026 update also includes how this emotional shift is affecting their upcoming work. Rumors from the writing room of their new series suggest that several scenes have been rewritten to better reflect the real life. Depth discovered during these recent live interactions. The writers want to capture the specific way Lena looks at Mio when she thinks no one is watching. A gaze that was caught several times during the viral stream. Another key part of the aftermath was the hoodie mystery being solved. Lena jokingly confirmed that she does in fact steal Mio's clothes because they smell like home. This small domestic detail has fueled the girlfriendcoded narrative in a way that feels organic rather than forced. In early 2026, these are the types of authentic details that turn a ship into a legendary partnership the industry is watching the Lenmo aftermath closely as it provides a blueprint for managing viral chaos. Instead of shutting down the conversation or issuing a cold PR statement, Lena and Mio leaned into the emotion. This vulnerability strategy has resulted in a massive surge of positive engagement, proving that the 2026 audience craves realness above all else. Backstage at their latest photo shoot, the duo was seen in high spirits, showing no signs of awkwardness after the exposures. In fact, the laughter seemed even more genuine. The emotional aftermath has effectively cleared the air, allowing them to move forward into their next project with a clean slate and a deeper understanding of what they mean to each other and their fans. The truth revealed in this aftermath is that the chaos was never about the jokes. It was about the comfort. You can't tease someone that ruthlessly unless you are certain of their love. Lena's response wasn't a rebuke, but an invitation for the fans to see just how deep that comfort goes. This is why 2026 is officially the year of Leno. Social media analysts have noted that the Lena responds hashtag trended even higher than the original Neoexposed tag. This shows that while fans love the drama, they stay for the heart. The emotional resolution of their viral moments is what keeps the Kdrama Diaries community growing everyday, Mio's role in the aftermath has been one of quiet reflection. She has been seen in recent clips looking at Lena with a newfound sense of admiration. It's as if seeing Lena embrace her soft side has made Neo realize the true weight of the trust they share. This 2026 evolution of their dynamic is a masterclass in emotional intelligence. The upcoming Valentine's Day 2026 events are now the focus of the fandom. After the emotional aftermath of the stream, fans are expecting something truly special from the pair. Whether it's a joint project announcement or another heartfelt message, the expectations are through the roof, and the duo seems more than ready to meet them. Looking at the broader 2026 landscape, Lena and Mio are no longer just the girls from My Safe Zone. They are individual powerhouses who choose to stand together. Lena's response proved that she is a leader who isn't afraid to be vulnerable, a trait that will serve her well as she takes on more executive level decisions in her career. The aftermath has also brought their families closer into the public narrative. Seeing the support from their parents in the comments of their emotional posts has added a layer of wholesome credibility to their bond. In 2026, having a family approved partnership is the ultimate sign of a healthy and sustainable career. As we wrap up this deep dive into the aftermath, it's clear that the chaotic stream was a blessing in disguise. It forced a level of honesty that might have taken years to reach otherwise. Lena and Mio are entering the production of their second series with a bond that is truly unbreakable, and the fans are lucky to be part of the journey. The 2026 updates will continue to roll in as filming starts. But for now, the emotional aftermath remains the most talked about story in the GL world. Lena Alina has shown us that being exposed isn't a weakness if the person doing the exposing is someone you trust with your whole heart. Stay tuned to Kdrama Diaries as we continue to follow every heartbeat of the story. From the red carpets to the quiet late night lives, we will be here to bring you the truth behind every smile and every tear. Lena and Yo's story is a testament to the power of a seven-year friendship. And we are just getting started. The era of Leno is defined by this balance of chaos and heart. As Lena said in her response, they are building a world where honesty is the only rule. We can't wait to see what that world looks like as 2026 unfolds and their new series finally hits our screens. Thank you for watching and reading. For more exclusive updates on your favorite stars, don't forget to like and subscribe to Kdrama Diaries. See you in the next one. Do you think Lena's response was the most romantic moment of 2026 so far? And what specific gift do you think Mia will give Lena to make up for exposing her on the next live stream?

- Most Shocking Second a Day Video: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Happy birthday to you. Make a wish. Granny! Have you done your homework? Adam! Ready or not. Here it comes. Violent clashes with.... Live annumition..... ...deserve to get shot Bye mum. Strikes on rebel position... We are going to stay... Where are we? Daddy! Happy birthday to you. Make a wish, darling.

- Reverse Selfie: Social Media's Impact on Girls' Self-Esteem | Dove: Kind: captions Language: en [Music starts] <i>♪</i> [Keyboard clicking] [Electronic 'swoosh' uploading sound] [Electronic 'soft clicks' editing sounds.] [Violin joins in] [Music continues apace] [Camera shutters] [Aerosol spraying] [Drop of liquid] [Girl's hair swishes] [Music subsides.] [Piano continues.] [Music stops]

  Top Comments:
  1. @saminarose80 [2 likes]: Couldn't you find a prettier girl! 😅 She is already astonishing with no makeup
  2. @KeshviDhore [1 likes]: tuff
  3. @andrewcorona1 [1 likes]: Who Is She At 0:46?
  4. @bogusianowocinska1990 [1 likes]: 😢koniec
  5. @DanielRoy-y9e [1 likes]: Beauty standards, 99% of the time are imposed by other women. Stop blaming boys, And point the finger at the carpet entities that peddle the unrealistic beauty standards,  and the social  media outlets that get paid billions to promote them.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!!!!!!
  6. @SaharNaheb-w6y [1 likes]: Thanks to @Dove for yet another ad that celebrates real bodies, keeps it honest, fresh, no filters. This campaign uses everyday folks, not airbrushed images, honestly, it makes a difference. This kind of portrayal can challenge damaging ideals about looks. 🎉❤
  7. @Tortaxx_4k [1 likes]: C'est trop triste ❤
  8. @NikolPeeva-i9t: Just be yourself
  9. @t-man5196: The inconvenient truth is that the unrealistic beauty standards in videos like these are also whats ruining girls self-esteem
  10. @HowtobeaSillybilly101: we watched this in my fifth grade sex ed.
-a freshman
  11. @cberg2731: World gets softer every year.
  12. @nicolaharbord392yyyguitaroiioo: What is your daughter searching for iiiiiiiiiiiiikkkkikkk
  13. @lupu1993: I stay off social media for my mental health because of this kind of stuff. Unfortunately that comes at a price since that's where most socialization seems to occur nowadays so then there's that sense of isolation. So it's a no win situation 😕
  14. @Music-tb3qc: Enjoy your childhood😢❤
  15. @PEREZARTEAGAISAACFRANCISCO: que
  16. @HazelDakins: Such a wholesome moment.
  17. @Tacos-or7fq: Salut je suis français donc salut
  18. @AlekzanderLong: I�ll definitely share this with friends.
  19. @matejmotuz108: The new dove adds made me go out of my way to look for more dove adds and discovering just how pretentious they are , company that sells chemicals for body doesn't care about your well being , don't be fooled
  20. @XjaocjjBxaicj: You always keep it interesting.

- CRAZY! BTS Disappeared for 4 Years… But ARMY Exploded: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to HallyuTalk. This is the channel where we go deeper than the headlines on BTS, K-pop, and the culture that surrounds them. And tonight, I want to talk about you, not BTS. In October 2022, BTS announced they were going on hiatus. Seven members, mandatory military service, South Korea's law. No group concerts, no full group comebacks, no stadium tours >> [music] >> for almost 4 years. The music industry had seen this before. A massive act disappears, fans drift, streams drop, the moment passes. That's what the industry expected. >> That's not what happened. While BTS was gone, ARMY grew, >> not held on, not survived, grew to an estimated 90 million people worldwide. And tonight, I want to answer the question that nobody in the music industry has been able to fully explain. How does a fandom get bigger when the artist isn't there? Let's start with the numbers because they're genuinely difficult to believe. During BTS's 2022 to 2025 military hiatus, here's what happened to their platforms. YouTube subscribers grew to over 82 million. X followers grew to 44.7 million. Weverse, BTS's official fan platform, reached 33.5 million registered users, making BTS the first K-pop group in history to surpass 30 million on the platform. These numbers didn't hold steady. [music] They climbed while the group was legally prohibited from performing together. And here's the data point that tells the real story. A social listening analysis by Meltwater, one of the world's leading media intelligence firms, tracked BTS mentions across traditional, digital, and social platforms from March 2025 through their official comeback in March 2026. Total mentions in that period, 25 million. But, here's what makes that number extraordinary. 2/3 of those 25 million mentions, approximately 16 million, happened before BTS's official comeback announcement. Before new music, before a new tour, before a new album. 16 million conversations about BTS, driven entirely by fans. The music industry has a word for what Army did during those four years. >> It's called sustaining demand. But, what Army actually did was something different. They built it. To understand why Army grew during the hiatus, you have to understand what kind of community Army actually is. Most fandoms are built around access. Access to new music, new content, [music] new tours, new moments. When the access disappears, the fandom shrinks. Army was built around something different, identity. >> Over 13 years, BTS built a body of work that spoke directly to the experiences of being young, uncertain, lonely, anxious, and still trying. Songs about not knowing who you are. Songs about pressure that feels impossible to carry. Songs about being told you're not enough, and choosing to believe otherwise anyway. For millions of people around the world, that wasn't fan content. That was a mirror. And mirrors don't stop being useful when the person who made them goes away. During the hiatus, new fans discovered BTS through those older songs, through Spring Day, through Magic Shop, through The Most Beautiful Moment in Life. They found the music, then they found the community. Music critic Kim Young-dae, in his book BTS The Review, described ARMY as a self-organizing system capable of generating discourse and influence beyond what a K-pop agency's PR department could achieve. A self-organizing system, that means ARMY doesn't need BTS to be present to function. It generates its own energy, its own conversation, its own momentum. And during 4 years of silence from the group, that system kept running. Here's something the media almost never talks about when covering BTS. >> ARMY is not who people assume. The stereotype is familiar, young girls, mostly Asian, obsessively devoted. >> The reality is something the music industry still doesn't fully know how to account for. ARMY spans every gender, every generation, every continent. There's a community within the fandom called Silver ARMY. Older fans who found BTS later in life and stayed. >> One of the most viral ARMY moments of the entire hiatus era wasn't a streaming record or a chart achievement. It was a woman named Isabel, >> 95 years old, American, attending BTS's Permission to Dance concert in Las Vegas in 2022. When a video of her circulated online, she said something that stopped people mid-scroll. She said BTS's music had given her and I'm quoting directly a new life. 95 years old, >> a new life. That is the version of ARMY that the music industry doesn't know how to put in a spreadsheet. The version that isn't explained by demographics or streaming algorithms. The version that is simply >> people who found something true in the music and stayed. And during 4 years when the group [music] was gone, those people didn't leave. They welcomed others in. When the Air Rang world tour was first announced internally, [music] the original plan was modest, 3 to 4 months, a limited number of cities. Jin saw the schedule and in a Rolling Stone interview, he described what happened next. He said, and I want to read this carefully, [music] that the original schedule felt like breaking a promise. We promised so many people that we would come and meet them, he said. I'd like to restructure this tour so that we can touch on more cities than this. So, he asked for it to be [music] rebuilt. A 4-month tour became a year-long global tour, 82 shows, 34 cities, 23 countries, >> because one member looked at the schedule and thought about the people waiting. That moment, >> a quiet internal conversation that nobody would have known about if Jin hadn't told the story himself, is the clearest picture of what BTS and ARMY actually are to each other. Not an artist and their audience, a relationship built on kept promises. So, what does it mean that ARMY grew to an estimated 90 million people while BTS was away? >> It means something the music industry still hasn't fully processed. Fandom, real fandom, is not a product of proximity. >> It's not built by constant content, constant tours, constant access. It's built by depth, by music that means something, by a community that holds that meaning even when the music stops. Most artists have audiences. BTS built something that functions even in their absence. And when BTS [music] finally came back, those 90 million people weren't simply excited. They were ready. Ready in the way that only people [music] who waited for something important can be ready. Not as fans who missed their favorite group, but as a community that had spent four [music] years keeping something alive and was finally getting to hand it back. That's why the 2026 concerts [music] feel different. That's why stadiums glow purple before BTS even walks [music] on stage. That's why strangers in the crowd already know each other's chance, each other's names, each other's stories. >> Because ARMY didn't wait. They worked and the reunion isn't the end [music] of that story. It's what they built toward. If you're part of ARMY, I hope this video [music] felt true to what you've lived through these past four years. And if you're new here, just discovering BTS, welcome. >> The community you're joining has been here a long time. They kept the lights on. Subscribe to Hello Asia Talk for more documentary [music] style analysis of BTS, ARMY, and the culture that surrounds them. >> And tell me in the comments, when did you become part of ARMY? What was the song or he purple heart?

  Top Comments:
  1. @brandycarlyle1352 [22 likes]: I was 66. My Mom had just died and they made me happy. I enjoy every aspect of these boys. They genuinely good people who really appreciate their fans.
  2. @wyntermoonlight [8 likes]: 3:04 This is true because during the hiatus, we (ARMY) kept talking to each other, encouraging each other, lifting each other and our Bangtan Boys up, never let them fall. We held tight, and we won't let go.
  3. @yomarysanchez1808 [6 likes]: Bts members also were very successful releasing music that’s why bts is more popular after military.
  4. @MoonstoneStarChaser [5 likes]: Incorrect.  BTS wasn’t gone for four years.  They kept releasing music the whole time. NEW MUSIC.   Over four years.  They weren’t “gone”.     Apart from that huge error, I like the rest of the video.
  5. @KeshiBautista [3 likes]: I'm a full pledged Army 75 yrs old. I enjoy watching snd listening to the BTS music with my grandchildren. BTS you are all blessed because of your emphaty and truly good individuals with full of compassion to each other. Stay humble and grateful to all the Armies around the world who loved you all. From the Philippines.
  6. @asuncionantonio6431 [3 likes]: I'm 65 yrs old,I got hooked up with BTS only last year ,,but I've known them since 2020,coz I'm not really into boy band, however my grandkids told me to watch them..so I did now I'm a full pledged army 😊❤
Love you BTS ❤
  7. @Amalia-w8f [2 likes]: because, their music is about what's happening around the world that they're experiencing that time they're nobody.
  8. @maggie_857 [1 likes]: Armys Never Left! With BTS Forever 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜❤
  9. @rafaelsmith5737 [1 likes]: I become ARMY when BTS dropped their proof album & left
  10. @hunnerdayEDT: Jungkook went viral for a dance trend from a fan edit to a Jason Derulo song.
RM was a feature on a Meghan Thee Stallion track and went viral. 
Tae's dance video also did crazy numbers all while in the military.
  11. @sambeautiful9720: YES I AGREE