- The Psychological Effects of Instant Fame: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, welcome. Oh my. I was like, do you need me before I We were just talking. By the way, I love your hair. Thank you. Looks fantastic. So, we were just talking about Ted Williams. Yes. Is this too much too soon? It's a really important question. And I think the good news is that he is questioning that himself, which shows a level of insight into what the potential problems could be. And I think if he weren't if we didn't have a him saying, "Well, I'm worried that this could happen, I'd be more concerned." But I think the fact that he is reconnected with mom, hopefully that will be a protective factor for him and he will connect with really positive people who want to see him succeed. I mean hopefully, you know, new year, fabulous new story. Hopefully people won't take advantage of him and they really will continue to support him. But it is overwhelming. I mean this guy was on the streets and now all of a sudden within days he gets tons of not just job offers, huge, tremendous opportunities, right? A house, you know, I think someone offered to pay his mortgage, job opportunities. He's in the media spotlight. Look at how many people have been in the media spotlight their whole lives and can't handle that pressure. So, I think it's really important that he find people to support him. Find people that want to see him succeed because there's enough people that are going to fake it and they're going to act as if they want to see him succeed, but really are out for their own gain. Bryce and I were just talking about his mom. It's definitely evident that there are some family issues and tensions. She had said to us in an interview, "Sure, I'm happy to see him, but I'll be honest. You know, I don't know if he's really going to hold this job down. I mean, she's and and rightfully so, because there's been a bad history, right? He has a bad track record and and he is going to have to prove to a lot of people that he can handle this. Not the least of which is his mom, who probably invested a ton of time to try and help him, only to watch him go back to old habits. And family members feel that way. I I I need to have some distance from you because you've hurt me too much. And I think that's true. He's going to have to do a lot of repairing to a lot of people. And is he going to be willing to do that? And and will they stand by him while he does it and believe in him enough to watch him prove them wrong? Speaking of that, is that going to be a hard journey to reconnect with his mother? It also he says he has nine kids. It sounds like a lot of them don't want to see him. Some do, some don't. Is that's going to be just as difficult to juggle, I imagine. I think that's true. I think that he there's going to be a lot of doubters. You know, right now we're all reveling in the beauty of the story, but there are doubters and those doubters are those people that are his family, his children, his mother, you know, other people, his ex-wife. So, we want to kind of consider how they're going to feel and he's going to have to balance that. He's going to have to figure that one out. What about money? We see this unfortunately with celebrities or, you know, reality TV stars who all of a sudden come into a lot and they they don't know how to manage it, right? Hopefully, someone will offer to be a financial planner for him. I mean, if with all of these offers, let's recommend that some financial planner step up and say, "We'll manage your money." Because I think he doesn't know how to manage money. I mean, he hasn't had any to manage and now he's getting offers where they're paying him tens of thousands of dollars. What does he do with that? Well, how does he not just go on these binges? How does he save it? How does he protect it? How does he really build a life that's worth living for himself? And it'll be interesting to see, you know, as the year progresses where he's at. He had said in one interview in the initial radio station, oh, if I can make $18,000, $25,000 a year, you know, that would make me happy. And I couldn't help but think, you might be able to get that in one commercial. Well, I think I read somewhere that one of the commercials that he was offered was paying him $10,000 in the commercial. So, he's close. And that is a lot of money for someone who doesn't know. And and he needs to really slow down. And I think the media frenzy once it quiets down, hopefully he will be able to take a step back and say, "What's really important here? and how do I prove to everybody now that you know at 53 that I can handle this and make this happen? That is a huge life change at 53 years old. Not just for him but for really anybody. How do how does he go about handling that? I think it's a tough question and I think there are a lot of people who do change careers in their 50s and kind of find new life. And I think it's really just about the p the pace at which you go. You can't go as fast as you are when you're 25 or 35 and you have maybe less riding on it. He also has everybody's eyes. The eyes of the world are on him. So there's so much more pressure. So slowing it down, taking a step back, thinking about all the options, making good choices, asking the people that might help you make those choices, and then moving forward. But you, you know, he doesn't have the luxury of just running around because there's a lot of people looking and watching. What is the game plan when you know that, okay, I've got this job, I don't know what to do with it. Many job offers don't know what to do with it. Money, I don't know what to do with it. family. I mean, there are every major life issue is up in the air for this guy being reborn, right? What do you do? You you stop and take a breath and then assess all of those things. So, where what's what do you and I think you have to come up with a game plan for each one individually. Okay, so I now have a job. What am I going to do with this? How am I going to keep this? You know, and checks and balances to do that. I want to reconnect with my family. I have to be ready for them not to accept me. I have to be ready to work really hard at it. How am I going to do that? I need to get a house. I need, you know, each thing needs its own kind of checklist. And you're going to start at the top and just go down with the basics, especially with reconnecting with family. They may not want to reconnect with him and he's going to have or they're going to want to reconnect with him because he's going to have money. So, he's going to have to really be prepared that there might be some hurt in there. He's hurt a lot of people. There might be some hurt back. And that's unfortunate, but that's life. And that's the insidious nature of addiction very often. And he's got to prove to people that he's ready to be who he wants to be. Now, you brought up addiction. He has a a history there as well. And he had said to our correspondent Seth Don on the evening news as a recovering alcoholic and and you could see he was just just grasping for it. And he said, "All I really want right now is a drink." And you could see there was this really deep internal struggle. And he even mentioned, "I need some kind of anxiety medication because this is too much for me to handle." How is he going to keep himself in check there? Hopefully, he will go to the things that helped him get sober in the first place. So, if that means he goes back to finding sober supports, going to AA meetings, who is a finding a great sponsor, all of the things that are going to help him stay sober, does he need a psychiatrist because he needs some medication? You know, hopefully he won't have people that will take advantage of him. He will really find those people that'll be the insular circle and protect him. Well, one because he had said that he might have one drink. He said, you know what, I can't say I'll never not have another drink again. Would that be enough to put him over the edge? Could be. It could. You know, there are certain people who one drink leads to everything else and there are other people who can handle having one drink. So, it's really the question of the nature of his addiction. And if he is one of those people that one drink will really is the beginning of the slippery slope, why bother? You know, find another way to get that high and get that release because that could really cause him to lose everything he's just received. So, the bottom line, it all boils down to a support system in every facet of his life pretty much. You know, he's got all the stuff he doesn't really know what to do with. So the more people he can surround himself that will help him succeed, the better. Will the all of this media fanfare screw things up in any way for him as well? Does it kind of blow up the picture in any way or just kind of make things look even better than they really are? You know, I think we have it'll be, you know, curious to see what happens when the media goes away because right now he's got to stay on on track and what happens when that goes away. Is he going to be able to do that? Do you think that he'll get potentially less offers with less media following him around? Is he just the new IT guy for 15 minutes, right? This could be his 15 minutes of fame or it could we could maintain it. So, we'll see what happens. We have Lonnie behind you. Hi, Lonnie. Sorry. Wanting to jump in just back. I'm being you polite. Raise my hand. Lonnie Quinn, we'd like to call on you. Come on out. I've been listening over there because obviously the whole country is talking about this guy. I mean, and we're all Listen, I think we're everybody's rooting for him. He comes across as such a nice guy. That reunion with his mom. He's in tears calling her mommy. It it My question is this though. Don't you think when he talks about two years being sober, I'm just fearful that he was sober because he didn't have any money to buy any of the drugs or to buy any of the booze and I would say that's true, but unfortunately the homeless community is one of the biggest substance using population. Yeah, you're right. How do they get it? I mean, must be they panhandle, you know, I mean, he was panhandling, so he they panhandle and their money goes to drugs and alcohol first often instead of food. They, you know, they prostitute. I mean, there's so many different ways they steal. There's lots of different ways that they can get it. They barter. So, the fact is is that um I think that he it and I think being on the street it's actually very hard to be sober. So, because you have to dull the pain somehow. So, the fact is is that he was able to stay sober on the street is pretty impressive. This is why she's the expert. It really is. And why I'm sitting in the back raising my hand ask questions. We like that question. Hey, and do we do we know was this guy because I saw when he walked in to meet his mom, he was wearing like a a fatigue sort of a camouflage jacket. Does he is is he a veteran or does he have a military? Well, he said those were the only clothes he had own he really owns. So that those were the same jeans I know that he wore yesterday the day before just from the pieces that we had. I I don't know about the jacket though. I was just actually Bryce maybe you could look that up for us. Maybe he camouflage jacket. Yes. Yeah, that was what he was wearing in that. No, but was he a vet? Because I know a lot a lot of vets end up, you know, in in different situations on the street. I think the one thing that I found really striking too is when he greeted his mom. Here's a 53y old man. Mommy, mommy, mommy. child. It was very childlike. And so, so to me, I was I had certainly had a lot of thoughts of, okay, so what psychological issues because a lot of psychiatric patients also end up homeless and on the street. What kinds of and substance abusers because it modulates their mood and so it's they basically self-medicate to feel better. So, I would love to see him get some sort of psychiatric consult because I think that the Don't you think that's gonna be part of the whole somebody's gonna step up there and take care of that to provide him that service because I feel like if we he can kind of stay even in his mood, his chances of success are going to be that much better. The other thing that sort of that uh had an impact on me when they had their reunion, yes, the childlike aspect of of of Ted, but also his mom was kind of stoic almost like she's been through this before. That's what we spoke about. Yeah, we we we were talking about that earlier that the fact is is that I think for family members especially who have substance abusers, there's a there's a point at which you have to put that guard up because how much more can you take every time you put yourself out there if if they go back to using and you try and give and give and give and they can't they can't manage it. I think she's afraid. And so if she opens herself up too much, she could get hurt again. She's 90. Remember this woman is 93 years old. No, she's actually 90. She was very insulted. It was pretty funny. It was funny. She was very insulted. Yeah, I think we reported actually that she was 92. No, no, no. Well, I know on the evening news we said 90. No, but what I'm saying is that's why I think she was probably insulted because the word had gotten out that that's what she was. But even at 90. Yeah. Okay. 90 93. Oh yeah. Let's split some hairs on this one. Well, for the 90 or 93 I was with the fact is that how awesome she is totally with it. She is a strong woman and she has to be careful that she that he he's got to kind of put his money where his mouth is so to speak and really kind of prove it. You know that she said um there was a sound bite that we had a quote that she had on our local newscast where she said, you know, and I'll quote her. She said, "Drugs is a terrible thing. It's destroyed my family." Is this the only one of her children that's been affected by it? I had a feeling from that quote that she was talking about a bigger picture. I don't know. You know, it's a good question. I don't know. And I think the one unsung hero in this is Ted Williams's ex-wife who has really taken care of not only the biological children that they had together. I think they had five or six children together. But she took in the children he had with other women when he was in the heart of his addiction. She or other family members so they didn't end up in the system. That's a pretty dynamite. I mean she's really like the unsung I have to just kind of shout out props to her because I think she's also giving props. We're giving props. Come on. Give some props. But I feel like she's got she's legally blind. She and she and she took all these children and cared for them and they're good, you know, and raised them to be strong willed adults as far as we know. And I just think that that's an amazing person who was willing to take in her ex-husband's other children too to make sure they don't end up in the system. The first time I saw the clip, okay, when that uh the journalist from uh the paper in Ohio, you know, said, "Hey, let me hear that golden voice." I thought it was like dubbed. I thought it was it was I'm like, "What?" Yeah. Sounds like Cousin Brucey from WCBS, right? You know, like that's and he had and he had all the catchphrases from radio. You're listening to oldies 102.3. And my other favorite part of the reunion just before you go is when he all of a sudden was hugging his mother saying, "Mommy, mommy." But he couldn't resist playing announcer and he just got on his knees and broke into the craft commercial that he just done from this morning. Right. Which was really saying, "Be proud of me." Absolutely. He's looking for her acceptance and approval. And that's what that all was was like, "Look what I just did. Aren't you proud? Look, I'm finally making you proud. Sure. And now, I was listening to the Craft commercial. I want to get your opinion and your opinion as well because listen, I'm rooting for this guy more than anything. I do hear his voice in my head more as like a radio announcer. And when I heard it as a voiceover, I don't I it almost it almost didn't feel like the voice of Mac and Cheese. I'm waiting I'm waiting for what's waiting for a movie trailer. Yeah, a movie trailer that the voice of NFL films. I could see that like they they they uh they marched into the frozen tundra to take upon the Minnesota, you know, stuff like that. He needs emotion cuz he has a very emotional voice in the gravitas, right? What's so what's so deep about mac and cheese? I got to go upstairs, guys. Don't tell Craft that. You know, it's a very deep food. A lot of metaphysical stuff going on with your mac and cheese. I have multiple tastes. Dr. Hartzine, thank you so much for being with us. I'm so glad we were able to talk about this. Come back again soon. It's always a pleasure having you here. And I hope your feet feel better. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @barbarachieme9094 [5 likes]: still wanna be famous tho hahahahhahaskjndkjsdnf  edit: and rich as f*ck !!!
  2. @PUA_GF: 4th
  3. @itsthatsebguy93: 3rd
  4. @designanddirection: Wanko!? Unfortunate!
  5. @BusinessLamp: 1st? :o

- What's Behind the DARK Side of Social Media Fame?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The world of social media fame can be a really alluring one. Who wouldn't want to have thousands of adoring fans hanging on their every post or be able to make a living simply by sharing their interests and passions with the world? But beneath the surface of perfectly curated feeds and selfies, there's often a much darker reality. Imagine building your entire identity on a platform you don't own. For an audience that doesn't know you, chasing a validation metric that is designed to be just out of reach. You are performing constantly for a phantom crowd. This is the modern gold rush. But what is the true cost of this digital fortune? The first currency you spend is not your time, but something far more intimate. The true cost is your authentic self commodified. You begin to perform not for joy, but for the algorithm's approval, a system designed to exploit our deepest neurological cravings for social validation and variable rewards. Every like triggers a dopamine hit, conditioning you like a lab rat. But as Carl Jung warned, people will do anything, no matter how absurd, to avoid facing their own souls. The curated persona, the influencer, becomes a mask that fuses to the skin. You are caught in what Sartra called bad faith, replacing your complex, messy humanity with a two-dimensional grand. This internal fracture creates a haunting dissonance. But the most insidious damage is yet to come. This dissonance silently metastasizes, warping your perception of reality. The constant performance for an invisible jury fuels intense isolation. A paradox Jeang Paul Sartra termed hell is other people. You are never alone yet never truly connected. Your self-worth becomes outsourced, tethered to metrics you cannot control, leading to what Victor Frankle identified as the existential vacuum, a profound emptiness when life lacks meaning. The algorithm, a modern sisphus, forever dangles the next viral hit just beyond reach, ensuring you push the boulder uphill indefinitely. This cycle isn't accidental. It's by design. But what if the very pursuit of visibility is blinding you to the only escape route? The rebellion begins with a radical act of invisibility, withdrawing the performance. It requires the Nietian will to power not over others but over your own attention. You must dethrone the algorithm as the arbiter of your value and reclaim your inner narrative. This is the stoic practice of differentiating between what is within your control, your intentions, your craft and what is not. Virality, public opinion. It is choosing depth over breath. crafting for an audience of one, your truest self. This isn't quitting. It's a strategic retreat to higher ground. But this journey inward reveals the most profound, unsettling truth of all. The ultimate truth is that the platform is merely a mirror. The darkness you perceived wasn't in the code, but in the unexamined void within yourself that you asked it to fill. Social media fame is the modern siren's call, promising significance but shipwrecking you on the shores of your own insecurity. The final most powerful realization is that you are never meant to be a brand. You are meant to be a soul. Authentic connection and legacy were never found in the spotlight's glare, but in the quiet unrecorded moments of genuine creation. The screen reflects a phantom. Your life is the reality. So, what are your thoughts? Have you encountered situations where woke culture seemed more about appearance than action? Share your experiences in the comments below. If you're interested in exploring more topics like this, check out my other video on the impact of social media on our perceptions of reality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @exportintlexp6873: #TXTM

- The Psychological Impact of Viral Fame: A Double-Edged Sword: Kind: captions Language: en In the age of social media, the quest for viral fame is more tantalizing and attainable than ever before. While the lure of instant recognition can be compelling, it's crucial to explore the psychological impact this notoriety can have on individuals, viral fame, often achieved overnight through a single post or video, represents a double-edged sword, bringing both rewards and challenges in its wake. To start, one must understand the allure of viral fame. Many pursue it for the perception of success it conveys millions of followers, lucrative brand deals, and the allure of widespread admiration. There is a powerful appeal in the sudden validation and perceived popularity which can elevate one's self-esteem and propel further opportunities. However, with the rewards come distinct psychological challenges. The fleeting nature of viral fame often leads to intense pressure to maintain relevance. This pressure can result in a continuous cycle of producing content at unsustainable rates, ultimately leading to burnout and anxiety. Moreover, the influx of online scrutiny can be overwhelming. Criticism, trolling, and cyber bullying are inherent in such public exposure, contributing to stress and negatively affecting mental health. Additionally, the evolution in personal identity can be profound. Individuals may find themselves crafting an online persona that distances themselves from their authentic identity. This disconnect can lead to confusion, impacting their real life relationships and self-perception. The speedy ascent to fame may also blur the lines between authentic interaction and those driven by ulterior motives as friendships and professional relationships may transform in unexpected ways. In conclusion, while viral fame may promise lucrative rewards and instant recognition, it is accompanied by significant psychological challenges. It is vital for individuals and society to recognize this dual impact. Fostering a more supportive environment that values mental health as much as metrics. Balancing visibility with authenticity remains key. Ensuring that the pursuit of fame does not come at the expense of personal well-being.

- Ishowspeed Reacts to Ronaldo and Virat Kohli Ad: Kind: captions Language: en your luggage please kiss kiss hard to let go American tourister oh Two Goats collab

  Top Comments:
  1. @PlayerGaminggg [1 likes]: Kiss kiss kisss oh hell nahhh
  2. @PerfectUseofAI107 [1 likes]: 0:20 Kiss Kiss Kiss!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂
  3. @pankajshukla6477 [1 likes]: Virat kohli aura 🔥 💀
  4. @KIRYAGAMING-07: Kiss kiss kiss 💀
  5. @GamerProYT_3235: One cricket goat 
One football goat
  6. @tiprasaentertainmentchalle1460: Bro deserve an adhar card😅
  7. @PriyaBhowmick-t1h: Wait a minute wdym by Kiss kiss 🌚
  8. @OrangeArmyGeneral: Speed, you saw SRH cooking RCB. SRH are the OWNERS of RCB remember that
  9. @JahmarrStedman: Hey, how are you?Could land drawn near live stream
  10. @GopalSaha-ni7dw: What the kiss
  11. @sourikghosh4090: Kiss kiss😂😂😂
  12. @Prem-51-ch: Bro this ad is fake😂
  13. @Aniketh1106: First time, when speed got more excited to see Virat than ronaldo
  14. @SudhaThevar-sy4je: Y Rat Coli😂😂😂
  15. @ejazjindran: Salman khan🔥
  16. @skitegamerr: Plzzz kiss kiss kiss 😂😂
  17. @RTXGAMERshb: If this video gets 250k likes SPEED IS GAY AND MARRY'S KAI CENAT👬
  18. @anshbisen-l8j: Kiss,kisss,kisss😂
  19. @SiddiquiGamers: Bro literally saying them to kiss 😂💀
  20. @CertifiedBlackScreen: Kiss kiss kiss 🗣️🗣️😭😭

- J Balvin & ATEEZ — Mi Gente (Full Performance from KPOPPED) | Apple TV: Kind: captions Language: en Performing Mi Gente, it's ATEEZ and J Balvin. ♪ Colombia, Latino gang. If the rhythm makes you move your head, we've already started that's how this is. My music doesn't discriminate against anyone, so we're gonna break it down. All my people are moving. Look at the rhythm they have. I make music that entertains. The world loves us, it loves us, loves me. My music's got them dancing hard and it's danced like this. Let's go. Let it go now. Hey, hey! Let's do it now. We're breaking the club, the party doesn't stop. It's hardly started. It's like this! It's like that! My darling. La-la, la-la-la. France, Colombia. I like them. Freeze! J Balvin, Willy William. You like us. The DJs don't lie. My people like this, and that went worldwide. Hey! We won't turn it down, in fact we'll never stop. It's another hit. And blam! Where are my people? Shake your head. Say yeah, yeah, yeah. One, two, three. Let's go! Get your hands up. Bounce, bounce. We're going corner to corner. The world is big, but I have it in my hands. All right. Let's start. In the end, we keep going. Let's keep breaking it down here. 'Cause this party has no end. Hold up the bottle higher. This song is what lasts. And where are my people? Get your hands up! J Balvin, let's get it now! Let's go, let's go. ♪ Oh, yeah. J Balvin and ATEEZ. Collaboration with ATEEZ. Make some noise!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TaniaUrdiales-t4z [3 likes]: 😃❤❤❤❤🫶🫶
  2. @TeresaHill-h2w [3 likes]: Fire!!!🦁🔥🎤🎧🎸👍💯😎💙
  3. @gulba3597 [2 likes]: Ich bin total süchtig nach Hongjoong's Rap Part 🔥🔥🔥🔥
  4. @SanujiSenarathna [2 likes]: Obsessed ❤
  5. @눈꽃송이-k1c [2 likes]: 에이티즈 👑
  6. @Kpopinyourarea-p7u [2 likes]: 0:28 k fans are so calm 😭
  7. @marymurshida7484 [2 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @8_makes_one [2 likes]: 5,228 ❤️‍🔥
  9. @63annushka [2 likes]: Kylie is so cute
  10. @adrianamonzon9001 [2 likes]: ATEEZ & J Balvin together 😎🤩😍👏🏻❤
  11. @nathalycalderon9 [2 likes]: Mingi Latino es lo mejor del mundo 🌎❤❤❤ Amoooo
  12. @mslita09 [1 likes]: Music is for EVERYONE! everyone can sing whatever they want! And to tell someone you are not allowed to sing a certain genre, style of music or song is disgusting! All forms of music uniting the people. It is truly a beautiful thing! That is what I love to see.
  13. @steffy4259 [1 likes]: Hongjoong, Mingi, Yeosang, Choi San + J Balvin ♡♡♡ mi gente Latino, ATEEZ Argentina 2027 please
  14. @allisonburke424 [1 likes]: That was amazing❤❤
  15. @gulba3597 [1 likes]: HONGJOONG 😍🔥🔥🔥
  16. @peanut_nt [1 likes]: Best Collab 🔥🫠
  17. @dessicacristinadc1974 [1 likes]: Mi gente latino kakaka
  18. @Aemeya: J Balvin Ícono 🔥🔥
  19. @MissJuliaNoordin: YASS... LATINO GANG!! LA.. LA.. LA... 🎧🎧
  20. @scourakadi-pz3md: Algerie ❤❤❤

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- I Cracked The Social Media Algorithm (Full Formula Explained): Kind: captions Language: en is there a formula for going viral this is the million-dollar question I get asked by Brands every single day and the answer is yes I've made over 300 videos my viral hit rate is about 1 in six so I've had about 50 videos get over a million views or more and all I've done the last 2 years is make videos and study virality so I'm going to break down the full formula it has six components and all of these translate to long form and short form video first you need to understand how virality works the good news is it is very very straightforward all you need to do is get a lot of people to share your video with others I call this share rate that is literally all that matters in content total shares divided by total views if this share rate is above 3% your content will go viral as long as that share rate stays above 3% so in simple math for every 100 people that watch you need at least three to share that video with a friend now it's simple straightforward but it's very difficult to achieve this consistently and my formula each of the variables is designed and optimized to increase that share rate that's all we're doing here so the first one is a unique content idea to get people to share you either need to be first to Market with a common idea or have an uncommon idea first to Market with a common idea would be something like covering a new Apple product release event and being the first one to post your video but this alone doesn't guarantee virality because for one lots of people are quick to react to the news and for two it takes a couple hours for the algorithm to really heat up and start start sharing your video by then other people will have posted and you lose that First Market Edge so even if you beat the market by a couple of hours you need a couple of these other factors to be true if you go the common idea route the other route is to choose an uncommon idea now this is something that people haven't really seen before could be a story a product a concept an idea a framework anything unique to find uncommon ideas you have to look in uncommon places you need to find blogs or YouTube channels or newsletters that are super unique and weird I personally spend a lot of my time hunting for these resources because having uncommon ideas is almost a cheat code to virality and once you find a weird tree that tree tends to bear fruit often so to summarize for this first variable you either need to be first to Market with a common idea and have other things go right or have an uncommon idea and the best way if you're just turning this switch on is to go The Uncommon idea route now to get more specific what are some examples of uncommon ideas let's say you're a tech content creator Maybe it's an obscure app that no one's heard about or it's a new startup that just launched or maybe you find a story that there was a third Apple co-founder that accidentally sold his stock for 2K all of those would be uncommon ideas that you could use in the tech category and the reason uncommon ideas work is because people share stuff when they feel like they can earn credibility or social status from either their friends or Professional Network if it makes people laugh if it makes people think they're smart if it makes people respect them that's why they share it's a form of currenty uncommon ideas are more sharable because people wouldn't have heard of them before and if you're the fourth person sharing the same common story you don't get that social credit so you either need to be the first one to tell it or tell people something that nobody's ever heard okay I think we hit unique idea enough the second variable is large applicable audience and this is where they start stacking on each other the reason common ideas if you're first often go viral is because there's usually a large applicable audience or Tam total addressable Market of people that would consume and share it if we use that Apple new product release event there are a lot of people that care about tech that would be willing to consume that video and there are a lot of people that if shared to them would consume it as well that's a large applicable audience the larger the applicability of the content the more people you'll have that might like it now like we said the problem with common ideas even if they have a large applicable audience is that if you're not first to Market and they've already been shared all of those new eyes have already been sucked up so there could be a lot of people you'd share to but so many people have seen the story that if you're late they won't share it now on the other side the problem with uncommon ideas is that usually they're so n that they have a small applicable audience there just aren't that many people that would be willing to receive and then share it again and if you think about psychology it makes sense sharing an uncommon idea with your friends is a little risky from a social credibility perspective it might be a weird rabbit hole that you're into that most people aren't and so if you share that it can actually be a social inhibitor this would be like if you tried to share a video about the history of licorice there's a chance people be like oh wow that's really cool but for the most part people will be like this guy's a weirdo so to summarize so far across the first two variables the highest probability of viral success is finding an uncommon idea with a large applicable audience that's the sweet spot for me an example in this bucket would be the video I made about Taylor Swift's eras Tour stage construction so the stage construction itself was super niched I found it on a really small YouTube channel of somebody that recreates these 3D stages but Taylor Swift as a concept has a very large applicable audience so I combined uncommon idea with large applicable audience that gave me the best surface area for luck for that to succeed another example is this video I just made about life-size floor plants this company on Australia renders your home design floor plan on a projector and blasts it in a onetoone scale on the warehouse floor so people can actually walk around and move furniture around that inherently is a very uncommon idea but there's a large applicable audience of people care about home design that video has done 8 million views in 6 days and I knew that combination had the potential if executed well to go viral so this is what you're looking for uncommon ideas plus a large applicable audience now the third variable which can change things is a unique point of view the best way to make a common idea go viral is to apply a unique point of view on top of it I call this a story lens it's the lens through which you're going to tell the story and this is important because it's really hard to find these uncommon ideas consistently so a lot of my mega viral videos actually come from common ideas with a large applicable audience but with a unique point of view story lens on top of it a good example of this is my Leo Messi signs with inner Miami video which is the biggest one I've ever made 17.5 million views on Instagram 11 million views on Tik Tok certified Banger why did that one work it was a common idea Leo Messi signing with interner Miami biggest news in soccer it was a large applicable audience both soccer and Leo Messi but I put a unique point of view on top of it talked about the business impact of the deal a non-unique point of view would have been just to report on the news and say that he signed lots of people would do that and that's not going to cut through you'd have to be first to Market with all of those and execute it well what I did is take a unique point of view a unique story lens at the intersection of culture and business and that's why my video cut through what I find is that people are willing to share a common idea if it has the unique point of view layer on top interestingly the unique point of view or the unique story lens actually acts kind of like an uncommon idea in a weird way and this is even more interesting I found the uncommon idea plus unique point of view actually doesn't work as well as a common idea with unique point of view or an uncommon idea with a normal point of view it's weird you would think uncommon and unique point of view would have a multiplier effect but it's actually too Niche and there aren't enough people that would react for example it'd be easier to go viral with a video about Taylor Swift plus her business strategy or Taylor's dad and something he said to her verbatim then would to be about Taylor's dad and his business strategy it makes sense you're getting too Niche and cutting it too fine when you go uncommon uncommon so the best case scenarios of the three variables so far are common idea plus large applicable audience plus unique point of view or uncommon idea plus large applicable audience plus normal point of view those are the two sweet spots now the fourth variable of the formula is a world class hook if you nail just the three variables we've talked about so far you should guarantee at least a Medi performer six figure views maybe small seven figureure views but if you're trying to go Super Saiyan and have one video completely change your business you pretty much have to have those three variables tied and a world class hook the hook is probably the most important aspect of going viral when people share your video they either repost it as a story or send it in the DM and when it gets reposted as an Instagram story it only plays the first 10 seconds so it's critical that those first 10 seconds actually rehook someone who it's been shared to that plus the viewer curve is an exponential decay so you're going to have the most eyes at the beginning and in order to have the platform algorithmically boost they want increased average view duration the hook will hold people longer so the hook is critical if you spend 80% of your effort on the first 5 Seconds that's probably the Right Mix that's how important a hook is now I've talked a lot about what makes for a good hook in the past I've got a bunch of videos on that I will link those at the bottom and I'll link them in this upper right corner I also share a lot about my latest learnings and trends and insights around hooks in my content newsletter which I'll link below but I'll share a couple things that could help the first thing is you want to open a curiosity loop after one sentence ask yourself is the viewer curious enough to want to continue watching to find the answer if not you need to remap rewrite the hook and go again the second piece is actually to design a visual hook turns out that if you just write and speak a compelling first line even if it opens the best curiosity Loop in the world that's often not enough you need to add a visual hook that usually includes b-roll with motion and text on the screen people can read faster than they can hear or consume the context of a visual scenario so you want to actually put the text on the screen for every video this takes the visual hook and combines with the Curiosity Loop and this should accomplish the goal and the last little quick tip on hooks is a quick delivery you want to concisely and as short as possible deliver the words so you can show the visual hooks you can get out of the way and get into the body of the video you don't want to linger and spend too much time on the hook you want to go as quick as possible in a normal rhythm again if you want more tips on how to write these hooks I'll link my content newsletter this is where I go really in depth on the things I'm seeing that are working how the trends are changing and exactly how I'm applying it video to video all right the fifth variable is to have a compelling story now it's interesting is if you've nailed the first three and you have a compelling hook you almost don't even need that good of a story those will carry you for the rest of the way you just need a decent enough story to keep the viewer kind of entertained and the best way to do this is to hook rehook and rehook throughout you want to think of the body of the video like a dance with context and conflict give a little context add a conflict rehook them add a little more context to solve that conflict add a second conflict you just go back and forth with the dance it's interesting but the story is actually not that important if you've nailed the others if you haven't nailed the others you have an average idea you have a good hook but you have a low applicable audience size you need a great story to make it go and people will share it just because the story is so good this is more of an outlier strategy though I wouldn't try really hard to optimize for this type of Storytelling just get the viewer from the beginning to the end I'm actually working on a software that will extract all of my storytelling Frameworks into a simpl to use SAS tool where once you identify the uncommon idea and you add your lens on it it will go ahead and write the hook and the story for you that's called sand castles it's not ready yet I'll link the weit list below if that's interesting I'm trying to abstract away a lot of the additional effort to write the story because that's not really the highest leverage thing to spend time on all right and the last variable is of course luck nobody wants to hear it but a lot of what virality is just comes down to luck and if the right people share your video initially to get that Viral crank moving one reshare from somebody with over 100,000 followers can mean the difference between a 10,000 view video and a million view video and so if you have friends with big accounts and you see something breaking out with a high share rate go ahead and DM them and ask them to share it that will really add gasoline to the viral fire because big accounts sharing your video both mathematically exposes it to a lot more people but also psychologically shows that it's something that should be watched It's a coign to other viewers that they should take a look and both of those things matter but luck is huge the truth is you could post the exact same video seven different times on sever different days and only one or two of them would go crazily viral if it's a great video the other five will do pretty good but the absolute Super Saiyan outlier returns are fairly luck dependent so to revisit the formula as we wrap up virality equals unique idea plus large applicable audience plus unique point of view Plus World Class hook plus compelling story plus luck if you have those six and all switches are turned on sayanora all right that's all I've got for this video that was a jamack tactical session so if you like that and you want more like it drop in the comments what you want to see for me next I'm trying to figure out how to map my kind of content ideas on YouTube where can I add value what do people need so drop in a comment what you want to see from me next time and we will see you then peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOriginalJDR [1 likes]: Can you do a video on editing and sound effects and transitions? I think you could do that and I think you could tie that back together with your storytelling techniques and curiosity, loops, etc. And plug wherever you’re getting your sound from
  2. @marielayeng6590: Uncommon idea + large applicable audience = sweet spot
  3. @crescitaly: The share rate being THE metric is something I still see creators ignore. Everyone's obsessing over likes and saves but if your friends don't text each other your video, you're not going viral. The uncommon idea + large applicable audience combo is gold - been testing this framework for 3 months and the hit rate is insane.
  4. @udontneedtoknooo: I want access to these type of edits without spending days on it
  5. @fsoap: Great video thanks
  6. @mukaddesgun: 6.7milion izlenen videomun toplam paylaşım sayısı 4226 ve bunları söylediğin gibi böldüğümde viral olmuyor ama bu video sayesinde 6k potansiyel müşteri kazanmıştım pek çoğu da satın aldı bu hesabın doğru olduğuna emin misin?
  7. @mldnr-c5k: I'm waitin for understand e-commerce algorithm
  8. @Improversaad-q8: From here the sensei start thanks 😊 for valuable content
  9. @Trav-ateeyate: Guess you didnt do the "formula" with this one.
  10. @JakeThehedgehog-m1x: Why is he seperating unique point of view from story it just doesn't make any sense...your point of view is the part of the story aka script of the video!

If anything that point of view shaping the story of the video!

He's overly complicating things
  11. @armananjoomrooz4603: i am  persian ....very good
  12. @Wanderlust-oats: Finally an honest, transparent creator
  13. @100PERCENTFREECHANNEL: Make sense
  14. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️☆☆ 3\5
  15. @preciousjohnson5656: Thank you so much
  16. @Skills.Time.Skills: Gamification on content please!🙌 :D
  17. @AndreaAb: Hey I don´t get it, this is your first video, so the previous ones were eliminated?
  18. @Fahimstour: Bro, are tou using your AI avatar? seems kinda like that🤔
  19. @mirkobs: i follow you from Italy, never seen something like that, when im gonna go viral i promise i give you some money
  20. @debarajbasak4066: Just subscribed you ... man you should start a membership you deserve it .. I'm paying .. just keep it affordable

- The Entire Longform Algorithm Explained in 300 Seconds...: Kind: captions Language: en When you start a new long form channel, the first thing that happens is YouTube reviews your account to figure out if you're a real person and you're worth pushing out. If your channel looks empty or suspicious, YouTube has no reason to trust you yet and won't push your videos out anywhere beyond search. To avoid [music] this, you need to make your channel look legit from the start. Warm it up, brand it personally, use an older [music] trusted email, and enable third-level feature eligibility. The less your channel looks like spam, the more willing YouTube is to push your content out beyond just search. YouTube is way more forgiving with long form than shorts. If you're not getting into the browse feed, your video's either bad or your channel just looks [music] like spam. After you upload your first video, YouTube immediately transcribes everything you say, scans your thumbnail, and classifies your content. The algorithm is trying to figure out what your video is, who's it for, and whether it's safe to push. Then over the next 24 to 48 hours, it continues [music] to build a profile on your content, with the main thing being your target audience. During this time, YouTube isn't really pushing your video out anywhere. It's just reviewing your data. That's why it takes a couple days before reviews start coming in on the first video of a brand new channel. This is where the metadata becomes the most important thing. YouTube's entire goal is to keep viewers on the platform for as long as possible. on YouTube means more ads watched, and more ads watched means more money to YouTube. So naturally, the algorithm's job is to find the videos that specific viewers would enjoy the most. To do that, it needs to know exactly who your video is for. If the algorithm can't figure out your target audience, it would rather push out someone else's content it actually understands, rather than risking showing yours to the wrong person. Like I said before, you really need to focus on your metadata here. Your title needs to clearly tell YouTube what the video is about, and then tags, chapters, [music] and timestamps all give the algorithm more context. Your thumbnail matters too because YouTube's AI is actually reading it. It scans your faces, objects, and text. The clearer everything is, the faster it matches your video to the right people. Typically, channels that write vague titles and leave descriptions empty are forcing YouTube to guess. And once again, YouTube doesn't want to take the risk showing it to the wrong person. Once the data is collected and the target audience is determined, YouTube starts testing your video through browse to collect initial data and decide whether to keep pushing it or not. Similar to shorts, the algorithm pushes out your videos in kind of waves. YouTube is testing your video against small groups and watching how they respond. If they respond well, YouTube slowly ramps up impressions. Then depending [music] on how the next group responds, it either keeps ramping up, slowing down, or plateaus. And before you guys ask me about why my studio looks so much better than yours, I use New Studio, which is by far the best Chrome extension [music] if you want to take YouTube seriously. So how do we get YouTube to push your video as much as possible? Well, this comes down to the stats. There's three stats you need to be focusing on, with the first being click-through rate. This is the percent of [music] people who saw your video in their feed and actually clicked on it. Every person who sees your video in their feed is considered an impression. Picture it like this. Every single impression on YouTube is like a slot. There's a limited amount of slots in a given feed. So YouTube is pretty selective with where they give a video that has a low click-through [music] rate an impression when they could give an impression to a video that actually has a high click-through rate and it's proven that people are willing to click it. It's much more valuable for YouTube. Your click-through rate is determined by your thumbnail, your title, and your idea. This is the first thing a viewer even sees, so you really need to focus on this. Your goal is to make your video the most appealing to click on out of every other impression on their feed. But the best way to stand out is being in a niche that has a ton of viewers willing to watch. To help with that, I have a playlist of a bunch of viral niches I find and I'll be constantly updating it. These are niches I would use myself. A lot of you guys were asking me how I found my niches, so if you're wondering, majority of these niches were found with Algrorithm. What percent should you be shooting for? Well, the average CTR on YouTube sits around 4 to 5% and anything below 3, YouTube definitely won't push it. The next stat the algorithm focuses on is the retention graph. This is by far more important than CTR. You want this graph to be as flat as possible, as high as possible, and the initial dip to be as small as you can manage. The graph will always go down over time because viewers just naturally leave, no matter what you do. If you're losing too many viewers at the start, your hook is bad. graph is too steep, your storytelling and video idea is bad. But after the algorithm pushes your video in the browse feed for a bit, it starts being shown in the suggested feed. This is the sidebar when someone's watching another video. YouTube really only pushes your video in the suggested feed after it tests it in browse first because the suggested feed is much more dependent on your target audience. So YouTube naturally waits until they have more data before showing your videos there. These impressions in the suggested feed are much more valuable to YouTube because their goal is to keep people on the platform for as long as possible. Now, these two stats are the most visible things you can improve. Beyond that, the algorithm tracks a ton of different things. Engagement, what the comments are about, likes, shares, subscriptions gained or lost, returning viewers, viewer satisfaction surveys, [music] not interested clicks, search terms, whether your video started a session, whether it ended it, and what the viewer did after watching. And there's three things I said at the end all fall under session time. If your video makes someone spend more time on YouTube, this is the strongest signal you can send to the algorithm. This is why linking your viewers to a playlist or another video at the end helps so much, even if it's not related to you. You can see this in action on my videos. The first long form video on my channel went viral. One of the reasons for that is because at the very end, I linked viewers to a playlist with a bunch of viral niches. This playlist got tens of thousands of views and because my video, even though it was relatively short, I got viewers to spend more time on YouTube and the algorithm rewards that. As you continue to post more videos and start getting traction, you start to build an audience. YouTube shows your next videos to people who watched your previous ones first, so you always have a solid seed audience going in every upload. But if you're struggling finding ideas, once again, you can use Algrorithm for this. You can actually integrate with Claude and you'll be able to instantly analyze all your competitors through using it. So check it out. If you want a free personalized channel review or need help with anything, join the Discord.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dmscales [105 likes]: Yooo, long awaited video boys. Leme know what yall think about this, i promise ill be more consistent on the uploads from now on 🙏

Edit: yo I wanted to clarify a few things on this vid that I didn’t fully explain in the video. 3rd level isn’t as important for longform content but still is a good habit. Some channels are pushed to suggested more then browse (suggested/browse/search is niche dependent). I kinda exaggerated how much tags + chapters affect everything (def still a great habit tho), and ctr is really niche dependent.

Tools I recommended in this video:
NewStudio: https://www.newstudio.app/?ref=dmscales
Algrow: https://algrow.online/?ref=dom
  2. @babykiafanpage666: i love the music change 😂❤1:43
  3. @PaidThinker: Makes sense thank you!
  4. @Queenbg1: Being a YouTuber is a sad job:
- either you make good videos with original ideas and your own personal pace of presentation and construction - without any financial success;
- or you follow YouTube's casino-approach to hooking people up and make stupid, monotonous, boring videos - you do all the dirty work for the platform to hook people and they pay you back with a few bucks;

The standard dilemma: should I sell my soul for a few dollars or be myself for nothing.
  5. @whatifyouwerebornas: this video really helped me understand, thanks!
  6. @jamietestchannel: Such a helpful video. Thanks for sharing this.
  7. @TechnikInfinity: Thanks for the advice!
  8. @hentsp: I just want to know , is it too late to reset the algorithm . On a shorts type channel. Because i had no clue , about it . I cant get into algorithm on long form videos , which was going to be my main focus at one point lol.
  9. @thetacotrades: ts helpful asf
  10. @pyrd945: GREAT video
  11. @KesElavatedDivision: 😮😮😮😮
  12. @any_a.c: ily thx
  13. @enjie16: Love how he explains it in under 5 minutes. Some YouTubers stretch it to 10 minutes and add a bunch of useless comments.
  14. @HistoryFromTheHell: You deserve a subscribe brother. ❤
  15. @RobertWilliam-g2l: great knowledge
  16. @BigStealCar: thanks bro
  17. @M.INDLESS01: This video really worked 4:43 .
  18. @b3ndyplays: Did you attend and graduate explaining school before making this video?
  19. @Mazsh00tz: good vid
  20. @CatDaddy0327: Let’s take our advice from a child guys. Did your balls even drop yet OP?

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- How Social Media Algorithms Actually Work (And How to Beat Them): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about the social media algorithm. If you want to get more views with less effort, it's critical you understand how the algorithms actually work. And once you learn this, I guarantee you will never look at content the same way again. In this video, I'm going to break down how social algorithms work, why they pick certain videos to push over others, and the specific things you can do to make them prioritize your content. Now, this information is based on a ton of outlier data and comments made by the Instagram CEO himself. So, this is the latest and greatest for what's actually working right now. If you just follow this, your content will perform way better. By the way, if you don't know me, my name is Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, first, let's just start with how the algorithms actually work. And this is actually super helpful to understand. Once you hear it, it'll make a lot of sense. Social media companies only have one goal, to keep people on the platform as long as possible. When people stay longer, they watch more ads, and the companies make more money. It's as simple as that. Now, to keep you on the platform longer, they do their best to serve you the content they think you'll enjoy the most. And that means the algorithm is just one giant match maker. It's matching people with content. If it does a good job with this matching, you're going to keep watching and stay. But if it starts doing a bad job and it shows you stuff you don't want to watch, well, then you're going to leave. It sounds simple, but this is how social algorithms work in a nutshell. Now, here's why this matters for you. If you want to hijack the algorithm and make it push your video more, all you have to do is help it make better matches with your content. [music] So, in this video, I'm going to explain exactly how to do that. And this really is the highest leverage algo hack you could ever learn. Okay, now here's how this matchmaking process actually works under the hood, so we can understand exactly what to do to manipulate it. When you post a video on social media, the very first thing the platform does is analyze what that video is about. I call this a digital fingerprint. Now, this analysis is multimodal, so it's watching your video with computer vision to understand what's going on visually. It's listening to your video with audio fingerprinting to get a better understanding of the transcript and what's actually being said, and it's also reading all the metadata, the caption, the hashtag, the creator, the location, anything else it can find. It then combines all that information together in real time to build a single contextual understanding of the video. This is called a topic mapping. Now, based on that topic mapping, the algorithm builds a fit score, which is its prediction for who it thinks will best like this video. So, at this point, you've posted it, it's analyzed it, but it hasn't been shown to anyone yet. So, we're ready to start showing the video to people. But, this is where things get interesting because obviously the algorithm doesn't just blast your video off to millions of people right off the bat, or you'd have millions of views. This is what actually goes on under the hood. The algorithm uses its fit score to pick roughly 200 people to show the video to first. This is called the initial sample test group. If it could rank all 100 million people that are on the app at one time, this is the group of 200 people it thinks will like the video the most. Now, very important, of these 200 people, most of them are non-followers because the algorithm wants to test how well strangers react to your video. It knows followers should like it cuz they already follow you, but if strangers like it, too, well, then that means this is a really good video. This is why when people say followers don't matter anymore, they're kind of right. They don't matter in the sampling process because most of those 200 people are non-followers. They're strangers to you. Now, based on the metrics from this initial sample group of 200 people, the algorithm is going to get positive, neutral, or negative data back. Essentially, of those 200, how many of them liked and watched the video? What was the set of data? If the data is positive, that means the algorithm's guess of the fit score was accurate. And so, it knows exactly what type of person to push the video to further. The next time it pushes, let's say it's 2,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 20,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 200,000 people. And it just keeps going until the data starts coming back weaker. Now, if the original data was neutral, kind of good, kind of bad, the algorithm will redo its fit score and push the video again. But this time, only to maybe another group of 200. It doesn't go crazy to 20,000. It just resamples. If the data is negative right off the bat with those 200, well then the algo's going to tighten up and stop pushing almost immediately. And again, it slows down that push because it doesn't want to risk alienating people and pushing them off the platform because they see a bad video. So, if you're in the 200 view jail, or you post a video and it flops, what this really means is that the algorithm got bad data back from that initial sample group of 200. Now, one more thing before we move on this. The reason why even million view banger videos eventually slow down is because even those run out of people that want to watch it. The data gets bigger, bigger, bigger, and then eventually it starts to fade off. So, in a nutshell, this is how social algorithms actually work under the hood. This is what happens when you go to post a video. You post it, it does the topic mapping, it samples with a group of roughly 200 people, and then it either boosts, retries, or stops immediately based on how the sample data comes back. So, what does all this actually mean for you tactically? Knowing this is happening under the hood, how can you best adjust your content strategy to take advantage and get the algorithm to push you more? That's what we're going to go through right now. If you want to hijack the algorithm to get more views, you only need to do two things. Number one is to help the algorithm build a better fit score, so that it finds the best possible sample group of 200 people to go to first. And then number two is to make sure that sample group actually likes and engages with your video. Because if the sample group is the right fit, and they actually like your video, well then you're going to be in great shape because the algo will get amazing data back and just [music] keep boosting you to more and more people. So, what I'm going to do now is break down the tactics for how to trigger both of those things. Helping find the right sample group, and then helping make sure that sample group engages well. This is essentially the systematic process for activating the algorithm and getting it to work for you. Now, if you like how I'm breaking this down kind of from like a scientific and psychology perspective, I actually just published a free guide doing the same thing for my entire content system. It's from ideas to hooks all the way to monetization. Science-based and data-backed. This is the exact content system I ran last year to generate hundreds of millions of views and millions in profit from content. It's also the same thing I install with business owners when I work with them one-on-one. Completely free, my gift to you. You can get it below or at the link shortformsytem.co. All right, let's talk sample groups. What can you do to help the algorithm build a better fit score and find a stronger sample group for your video? Here's the answer, very simple. All you have to do is consistently make videos about the same topic for the same audience avatar over and over and over. You want to become intentionally precise and narrow with the topics you pick and how you position. Here's why. After a few similar videos in a row, the algorithm will start to understand that your channel talks about X topic for Y avatar profile. It will then have built sample groups for all those previous videos and have a very clear understanding of who to go back to from an avatar perspective. The more this avatar group is the same over time, the more confident the algorithm can be when it dials this in. Now, this process of consistently making videos about the same few topics for the same avatar is called audience matching. And if there's one content principle I swear by, it's this. When you make videos for lots of different topics for several different avatars, the sample data comes back mixed and the algorithm gets confused. When it's confused, it pushes your video less because it doesn't want to risk bad fits to bad viewers. For example, imagine you made three videos. One on tech, then the next one on health trends, and then the next one on politics. The algorithm would have no idea what your fourth video is going to be about. And because of this, it doesn't know which of your previous three videos it should model its fit score after. So, let's say your fourth video also ends up being about health trends. Chances are the algorithm's going to build a blended fit score across those first three videos. A little bit of people from tech, a little bit of people from health trends, and a little bit of people from politics. Not literally those people, but influence from who liked those videos. And when it does this, the fit score targeting for your fourth video is going to be a mix of all three. And so, when it pushes it, of course, the sample data for the health trends video that also has tech and politics type viewers is going to come back weak. This will result almost certainly in your video flopping. What this means in simple terms is that if you want to help the algorithm find the right sample group and build a better fit score, you got to keep your topics and audience selection narrow consistently. And this means sometimes saying no to ideas that seem viral, but would resonate with the wrong audience. Even one viral hit to an audience outside of your core demo will result in the next several videos having poor sample data because it confuses the algorithm. This discipline in topic and audience selection is very important, and typically beginners that are starting out are spraying and praying all over the place, and they don't have this. Okay, so that's one side of the equation. Very simply, just narrow your topic and audience, and your sample fit will go up. Now, on the other side of the equation, the two-part piece was making sure once you have that sample that it actually engages well with your video. And that means they watch it, they like it, they save it, they share it, they comment, they repost, all the engagement metrics, as many as we can possibly get. >> [music] >> So, what can we do on this side to make sure that initial sample data from these people comes back strong? Well, when the algorithm's gauging if it's strong or not, it's really only looking at three core metrics. The first one is average watch time. How long did someone watch in a number of seconds per video? And also, by proxy, percent completion. What percent of the video was completed on average? The second metric is engagement rate. So, this is likes plus comments plus shares divided by views. And the third, which is really important and nobody can access, is called watch time session share. In a session for a viewer, if they're on there for 60 minutes, how many of those 60 were spent watching your videos? That percentage is watch time session share. You can't access this anywhere, but it's a critical metric that social algorithms use to know how influential your content is. >> So, the million-dollar question for you is how can you improve these metrics? What can you do in your video to make sure those metrics go up so the sample data comes back clean, so that it just pushes your video to more people? Well, a short, cheeky answer is if you want the metrics to go up, you just make better videos with better ideas, stronger hooks, better storytelling, and more interesting visuals, obviously. But, that's not helpful at all. So, is there anything tactical you can do at a studs level to increase the effectiveness of those videos? And if you watch this channel a lot, you already know, of course there is. There's only four things you need to do to make your video better so that that engagement rate goes off the charts. >> Number one is that the topic needs to be relevant for the ideal viewer. This is obvious and it goes with the first piece I said. What you cover has to actually solve a problem that they have. If that's the case, engagement will go up. Number two, the information you share needs to be both non-obvious and tactically implementable. Is it new stuff they haven't heard before, and can they actually use it to solve that problem? If those things are true, the engagement rate will go up. Number three, the viewer has to actually have a high absorption of the information you say. It could be on target and non-obvious, but if they can't actually understand what you're saying, then they can't apply it. So, if they could apply it, the engagement rate will go up. And then number four, there needs to be a short distance to implement your recommendations. Tactically implementable means they can take a little bit of action and get a big result based on your promise. Now, you won't typically hear people frame it in this way, but if your content has those four attributes, I guarantee you're going to have higher engagement. If you have higher engagement, the data comes back more positive, they push it to more of the people, those people are people you want, and the flywheel spins. What this really means, those four things in layman's terms, you got to cover a core pain point or problem they have. You got to have something useful or interesting to say. You got to say it in a way they can actually understand, and they have to be able to take what you say and apply it on their own. Those are the four horsemen to driving good video performance. If you do this, you're set, and that's really all you need to hijack the algorithm to push you more. Pick an avatar, stick to it, narrow your topic selection, and then drive those four things home. When you do this, the sample group will stay dialed, and they'll all engage with the video at a high rate. Incidentally, these four factors are also how you turn viewers into buyers. If you want people to buy, those four components also make sense to include in the video. They're kind of like the core DNA if you're trying to build a money machine with content. Now, I'll say this, the easiest way to make sure you're picking the right topics that actually work for your avatar group is to just study the videos that are already working in your niche. It shocks me how few people actually do this, but in sandcastles.ai, you can build a group of competitor channels that are already crushing, and just filter by outlier score to see all the best performing videos. There's now this feature where if you save the video to library, you can see all the attributes. I'm talking transcript, topic, the exact hook, the exact storytelling mechanics, everything about the video that drove the curiosity. You can then take that, remix it. Everything you need is right in there. So, all you need to do if you're confused on which topics to pick for your avatar group, just go in sandcastles and use this resource. It shocks me how few people are using data to make their topic decision. This basically guarantees that you're serving the right stuff to your audience. Now, before I end this video, I just want to include one more bonus topic around the algorithm. Because I know my explanation is a little bit theoretical, hopefully it made sense, hopefully it helped you, you have action items to work on. But, I just want to include one more thing at a tactical level that you can take away and really hammer value from this video. Another way to drive algorithmic push is to increase the number of comments on your video. Most people know this. There are five things you can do tactically to increase the number of comments you're getting. Number one is to take a hard stance on your topic. People typically comment when they violently agree or disagree, mostly disagree, with whatever your stance is or perspective. If you play the middle and hedge, you're going to get fewer comments. So, I recommend you pick a side, pro or con, and that will drive comments. [music] Number two is to pick the side that is the contrarian side. Like I said, people love to comment when they disagree, when they think you're wrong. If you pick the contrarian side, that means you think the majority of people are wrong, which means they'll think you're wrong. The majority of people will want to comment because they disagree with you. If you create more enemies, you drive more comments. Tip number three is to amplify the stance you take by ratcheting up the way you frame your points. If you said something like, "This is the best way to cook pasta." versus "This pasta is better than all the mom and pop pasta shops in the world." Which one is going to drive a more violent discussion in the comments? The more extreme version, of course, always is. So, that's how you ratchet up your stance. Tip number four is to build your topics around cult-loved brands, people, ideas, and movements. The more you talk about things people already have made up their opinion on, the faster they're willing to jump into the comments, especially if they disagree. For example, if you take a stance on Nike versus just the category of shoes, more people will have already made up their opinion whether they like or dislike Nike, and it will trigger them to comment. Tip number five is to position your take or stance to drive significant emotion. The more people feel something when they watch your video, the more they're going to feel compelled to want to comment. Now, those five things around comment, that was just a little extra sprinkle to give you more tactics on how to drive activation and engagement to make the algorithm push you. All of those feed back to picking the right topic for the right group. So, it's kind of like a sub point on what I just went through. Hopefully that's helpful and you can put that to use. All right, guys, that's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered a lot of ground. We really broke down the ins and outs of how social algorithms work and how you theoretically and fundamentally can hijack them to push your videos more. I tried my best to kind of demystify this black box and give you tactics that you can use to your advantage. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to give you perspectives that most people don't cover in a tactical bite-size way that you can actually put to work. What you typically see about the algorithm is talking about settings, hacks, or these little caption tweaks. None of that stuff actually works. If you think that actually works, you need to watch this video again. Posting time does not matter. Hashtags in your captions don't matter. The captions themselves don't matter. The only thing that matters is making great videos for a specific avatar group across a narrow band of topics over and over and over. That's the only thing that matters. That is the cake. Everything else is the icing. Focus on the cake. As a reminder, if you want access to my full content system, this is the exact blueprint I use with my own team. How I find ideas, how I write hooks, how I validate these things, how I do research, my entire funnel to turn viewers into dollars, literally everything. I've got it linked below for free, my gift to you, shortformsytem.co. And if you have any other topics around social media growth, around content and content systems that you want me to cover or that you feel blocked on, just drop them in the comments. We use the comments to inform the database of videos that we make next. So, anything you guys are stuck on, please put in the comments. It will help greatly to inform what we should make. All right, guys, that's all we've got. We will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @viveen360 [1 likes]: Toda esta teoría se va al caño, cuando el mismo video lo publica otra persona y ahí si se viraliza.
  2. @MadikoMani [1 likes]: To All small creator's like me.. Good luck 🤞
  3. @simplpoints [1 likes]: If a video is pushed out by default to a sample of 200, why do videos than not get by default a view count of 200?
  4. @AetherFramesOfficial [1 likes]: Finally! A worthy vedio🫠🤝🏻✨
  5. @funnyannesunny [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:It's a difficult world even though I heard it well 감사합니다
  6. @gantavyaghagat [1 likes]: The spelling of matchmaking is wrong at 1:41
  7. @Living-Wildly-Well [1 likes]: My issue with this advice is that I have followed creators that do this and quickly get bored with their content because it is so similar to itself and end up unfollowing.
  8. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp
  9. @XSonify_yt: https://youtu.be/xYrKwUXdQLU?si=HuJAi0N9s60e5W8m
  10. @NebenbeiPassivPOD: great video !!!
Thank you for that !
  11. @THE_35_CUB: Best algo video so far
  12. @nijfilms: Thanks
  13. @1EnigmaTV: I’m in school all over again ✍🏾
  14. @Matchday38-v6t: This was so helpful
  15. @creeepyface: thanks will consider this info ❤
  16. @ThisOrThatTheoryy: Just started my own channel - good luck everyone!
  17. @ayoutubechannelthatfailed: Do these guys really listen to themselves?
  18. @DailyFixmemes: Anyone who likes memes can follow me❤
  19. @jona.laurel: Should I niche down?
  20. @GoldenRockMemoriesmusic: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- Viral Interactive VIDEO: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. One [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ipuuun [4 likes]: please make it 30 minute, would be so fun
  2. @ShieramaeLavapie-p9e9j [2 likes]: Ry😅y😂
  3. @LoloNafee [1 likes]: أحلى فيديو شفته
  4. @恒久サブ正広 [1 likes]: なぜプレイ動画がよく伸びこちらはそれほどなのか
  5. @Esila-h5d [1 likes]: Gelicek❤
  6. @عبدالحميدالفرجاني-ص9ك [1 likes]: غننبب
  7. @Asirval [1 likes]: 0:26 teh funny (suspitcion)
  8. @LolnayaDani: هثه
  9. @АринаК-ч1и: Яьтя,сё.
  10. @GlobalWarmUp: Good🎉
  11. @esedheyderov2495: Üğ😂1❤❤rg
  12. @Leyla-xf1ph: Iəə
  13. @Bona-m5r: Thank you very nice❤😂😂
  14. @JAHONGIRMAHKAMOV-c2o: Что ььь8рогг+организует😅гномов за дддддддд
  15. @CoComar-143: Can you callab with me
  16. @SayyoraIsanova-nc4vw: Zõr
  17. @hulyagumus4465: B🎉😂❤😊
  18. @cristinargomez2070: Song please?
  19. @aitkenaitken2830: 😢
  20. @autobustramvaj-zhu: I gleda na instagram je ona na radi ovo

- What really matters at the end of life | BJ Miller | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Well, we all need a reason to wake up. For me, it just took 11,000 volts. I know you're too polite to ask, so I will tell you. One night, sophomore year of college, just back from Thanksgiving holiday, a few of my friends and I were horsing around, and we decided to climb atop a parked commuter train. It was just sitting there, with the wires that run overhead. Somehow, that seemed like a great idea at the time. We'd certainly done stupider things. I scurried up the ladder on the back, and when I stood up, the electrical current entered my arm, blew down and out my feet, and that was that. Would you believe that watch still works? Takes a licking! (Laughter) My father wears it now in solidarity. That night began my formal relationship with death -- my death -- and it also began my long run as a patient. It's a good word. It means one who suffers. So I guess we're all patients. Now, the American health care system has more than its fair share of dysfunction -- to match its brilliance, to be sure. I'm a physician now, a hospice and palliative medicine doc, so I've seen care from both sides. And believe me: almost everyone who goes into healthcare really means well -- I mean, truly. But we who work in it are also unwitting agents for a system that too often does not serve. Why? Well, there's actually a pretty easy answer to that question, and it explains a lot: because healthcare was designed with diseases, not people, at its center. Which is to say, of course, it was badly designed. And nowhere are the effects of bad design more heartbreaking or the opportunity for good design more compelling than at the end of life, where things are so distilled and concentrated. There are no do-overs. My purpose today is to reach out across disciplines and invite design thinking into this big conversation. That is, to bring intention and creativity to the experience of dying. We have a monumental opportunity in front of us, before one of the few universal issues as individuals as well as a civil society: to rethink and redesign how it is we die. So let's begin at the end. For most people, the scariest thing about death isn't being dead, it's dying, suffering. It's a key distinction. To get underneath this, it can be very helpful to tease out suffering which is necessary as it is, from suffering we can change. The former is a natural, essential part of life, part of the deal, and to this we are called to make space, adjust, grow. It can be really good to realize forces larger than ourselves. They bring proportionality, like a cosmic right-sizing. After my limbs were gone, that loss, for example, became fact, fixed -- necessarily part of my life, and I learned that I could no more reject this fact than reject myself. It took me a while, but I learned it eventually. Now, another great thing about necessary suffering is that it is the very thing that unites caregiver and care receiver -- human beings. This, we are finally realizing, is where healing happens. Yes, compassion -- literally, as we learned yesterday -- suffering together. Now, on the systems side, on the other hand, so much of the suffering is unnecessary, invented. It serves no good purpose. But the good news is, since this brand of suffering is made up, well, we can change it. How we die is indeed something we can affect. Making the system sensitive to this fundamental distinction between necessary and unnecessary suffering gives us our first of three design cues for the day. After all, our role as caregivers, as people who care, is to relieve suffering -- not add to the pile. True to the tenets of palliative care, I function as something of a reflective advocate, as much as prescribing physician. Quick aside: palliative care -- a very important field but poorly understood -- while it includes, it is not limited to end of life care. It is not limited to hospice. It's simply about comfort and living well at any stage. So please know that you don't have to be dying anytime soon to benefit from palliative care. Now, let me introduce you to Frank. Sort of makes this point. I've been seeing Frank now for years. He's living with advancing prostate cancer on top of long-standing HIV. We work on his bone pain and his fatigue, but most of the time we spend thinking out loud together about his life -- really, about our lives. In this way, Frank grieves. In this way, he keeps up with his losses as they roll in, so that he's ready to take in the next moment. Loss is one thing, but regret, quite another. Frank has always been an adventurer -- he looks like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting -- and no fan of regret. So it wasn't surprising when he came into clinic one day, saying he wanted to raft down the Colorado River. Was this a good idea? With all the risks to his safety and his health, some would say no. Many did, but he went for it, while he still could. It was a glorious, marvelous trip: freezing water, blistering dry heat, scorpions, snakes, wildlife howling off the flaming walls of the Grand Canyon -- all the glorious side of the world beyond our control. Frank's decision, while maybe dramatic, is exactly the kind so many of us would make, if we only had the support to figure out what is best for ourselves over time. So much of what we're talking about today is a shift in perspective. After my accident, when I went back to college, I changed my major to art history. Studying visual art, I figured I'd learn something about how to see -- a really potent lesson for a kid who couldn't change so much of what he was seeing. Perspective, that kind of alchemy we humans get to play with, turning anguish into a flower. Flash forward: now I work at an amazing place in San Francisco called the Zen Hospice Project, where we have a little ritual that helps with this shift in perspective. When one of our residents dies, the mortuary men come, and as we're wheeling the body out through the garden, heading for the gate, we pause. Anyone who wants -- fellow residents, family, nurses, volunteers, the hearse drivers too, now -- shares a story or a song or silence, as we sprinkle the body with flower petals. It takes a few minutes; it's a sweet, simple parting image to usher in grief with warmth, rather than repugnance. Contrast that with the typical experience in the hospital setting, much like this -- floodlit room lined with tubes and beeping machines and blinking lights that don't stop even when the patient's life has. Cleaning crew swoops in, the body's whisked away, and it all feels as though that person had never really existed. Well-intended, of course, in the name of sterility, but hospitals tend to assault our senses, and the most we might hope for within those walls is numbness -- anesthetic, literally the opposite of aesthetic. I revere hospitals for what they can do; I am alive because of them. But we ask too much of our hospitals. They are places for acute trauma and treatable illness. They are no place to live and die; that's not what they were designed for. Now mind you -- I am not giving up on the notion that our institutions can become more humane. Beauty can be found anywhere. I spent a few months in a burn unit at St. Barnabas Hospital in Livingston, New Jersey, where I got really great care at every turn, including good palliative care for my pain. And one night, it began to snow outside. I remember my nurses complaining about driving through it. And there was no window in my room, but it was great to just imagine it coming down all sticky. Next day, one of my nurses smuggled in a snowball for me. She brought it in to the unit. I cannot tell you the rapture I felt holding that in my hand, and the coldness dripping onto my burning skin; the miracle of it all, the fascination as I watched it melt and turn into water. In that moment, just being any part of this planet in this universe mattered more to me than whether I lived or died. That little snowball packed all the inspiration I needed to both try to live and be OK if I did not. In a hospital, that's a stolen moment. In my work over the years, I've known many people who were ready to go, ready to die. Not because they had found some final peace or transcendence, but because they were so repulsed by what their lives had become -- in a word, cut off, or ugly. There are already record numbers of us living with chronic and terminal illness, and into ever older age. And we are nowhere near ready or prepared for this silver tsunami. We need an infrastructure dynamic enough to handle these seismic shifts in our population. Now is the time to create something new, something vital. I know we can because we have to. The alternative is just unacceptable. And the key ingredients are known: policy, education and training, systems, bricks and mortar. We have tons of input for designers of all stripes to work with. We know, for example, from research what's most important to people who are closer to death: comfort; feeling unburdened and unburdening to those they love; existential peace; and a sense of wonderment and spirituality. Over Zen Hospice's nearly 30 years, we've learned much more from our residents in subtle detail. Little things aren't so little. Take Janette. She finds it harder to breathe one day to the next due to ALS. Well, guess what? She wants to start smoking again -- and French cigarettes, if you please. Not out of some self-destructive bent, but to feel her lungs filled while she has them. Priorities change. Or Kate -- she just wants to know her dog Austin is lying at the foot of her bed, his cold muzzle against her dry skin, instead of more chemotherapy coursing through her veins -- she's done that. Sensuous, aesthetic gratification, where in a moment, in an instant, we are rewarded for just being. So much of it comes down to loving our time by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the very thing doing the living and the dying. Probably the most poignant room in the Zen Hospice guest house is our kitchen, which is a little strange when you realize that so many of our residents can eat very little, if anything at all. But we realize we are providing sustenance on several levels: smell, a symbolic plane. Seriously, with all the heavy-duty stuff happening under our roof, one of the most tried and true interventions we know of, is to bake cookies. As long as we have our senses -- even just one -- we have at least the possibility of accessing what makes us feel human, connected. Imagine the ripples of this notion for the millions of people living and dying with dementia. Primal sensorial delights that say the things we don't have words for, impulses that make us stay present -- no need for a past or a future. So, if teasing unnecessary suffering out of the system was our first design cue, then tending to dignity by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the aesthetic realm -- is design cue number two. Now this gets us quickly to the third and final bit for today; namely, we need to lift our sights, to set our sights on well-being, so that life and health and healthcare can become about making life more wonderful, rather than just less horrible. Beneficence. Here, this gets right at the distinction between a disease-centered and a patient- or human-centered model of care, and here is where caring becomes a creative, generative, even playful act. "Play" may sound like a funny word here. But it is also one of our highest forms of adaptation. Consider every major compulsory effort it takes to be human. The need for food has birthed cuisine. The need for shelter has given rise to architecture. The need for cover, fashion. And for being subjected to the clock, well, we invented music. So, since dying is a necessary part of life, what might we create with this fact? By "play" I am in no way suggesting we take a light approach to dying or that we mandate any particular way of dying. There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there. Rather, I am asking that we make space -- physical, psychic room, to allow life to play itself all the way out -- so that rather than just getting out of the way, aging and dying can become a process of crescendo through to the end. We can't solve for death. I know some of you are working on this. Meanwhile, we can -- We can design towards it. Parts of me died early on, and that's something we can all say one way or another. I got to redesign my life around this fact, and I tell you it has been a liberation to realize you can always find a shock of beauty or meaning in what life you have left, like that snowball lasting for a perfect moment, all the while melting away. If we love such moments ferociously, then maybe we can learn to live well -- not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @deisycastellanos3819 [1 likes]: Ayudenle a mejorar su calidad de vida y que sea feliz ❤
  2. @brichardson131 [1 likes]: One minute in and you run an ad for an electric car from Toyota. Have you no decency?
  3. @annpettit8837: wow tears...well done sir
  4. @priyankaarjun: ❤
  5. @nancybaez7240: Wow  God Bless him.  So peaceful, so kind, so full of life..
  6. @1abracadabra11: let death be what takes us not lack of imagination.   Beautiful Thank you
  7. @WadingIntoRetirement: Very powerful.....
  8. @lucykraal2225: Your eyes make me wanna 😭 God bless you and your family ❤
  9. @faceious2006: The only thing that will matter ar the end of your life is that you voted for Donald J Trump.
  10. @Gina-x5j: He is so authentic ❤,  it is the little things of life
  11. @milesreading9585: Yawn …. What are you talking about???
  12. @pakababy3710: Your snowball story moved me. When I was hospitalized over Christmas in '95 for 11 days due to a ruptured appendix causing peritonitis, some girl scouts came in and gave me a Christmas "card" made of popsicle sticks and Christmas wrapping paper. I can't tell you how much that small gesture meant to me at the time.
  13. @MichaelNewman-c5b: Why im a jewy Buddhist.    Rock steady good Doctor, great Being!
  14. @Dynamoe1836: His teary eyes tell me everything I need to know, and that I already know.  And we all do too.
  15. @jonredd650: In the end with really matters 😢
  16. @savithpanamgama2107: Poetry
  17. @nala3038: In the end, it's not about how much time we have... it's about what we do with it.
  18. @FruitByCake: Here listening in 2026
  19. @ChomitiBura: From suffering we can change 
Really bro i never think about it really
  20. @ChomitiBura: We need this kind of people

- Viral Immersive and Interactive Hands Warm Up Experience: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Pinch, pinch, pinch, pinch. Hit. Hit. Point. Point. Point. Point. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Thumbs up. Flick it. Flick it. Flick it. Clap clap clap clap. What? What?

  Top Comments:
  1. @otcloset [12 likes]: Immersive Hands Warm-UP Exercise l Viral Interactive Game l Brain Break Activity
https://youtu.be/rPeJekIFLBc
  2. @thaisonlê-e4q [2 likes]: wow
  3. @product_wala [2 likes]: How to create this repeated loop on premium pro
  4. @CerryGame [1 likes]: GBL 2026 was here
  5. @bexiexz [1 likes]: this feels like a type of therapy! very cool
  6. @Pleebixx [1 likes]: These are so much fun😂
  7. @allieabels7812 [1 likes]: super cool
  8. @BarchinoyHoshimova [1 likes]: Its greate and very nice
  9. @ErinAhern [1 likes]: This was good because it made it easy to follow the beat and go with the motions all on cue with the visuals. Well coordinated
  10. @pakdaniel2551: GAK JELAS
  11. @CerryGame: by samuel
  12. @ThandarWint-j1h: ဝါ​ါမ😭😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😭😭😍😍☺️
  13. @nblfdlnn: A BIT LATE TUNE
  14. @MovisionImmersive: So satisfying
  15. @RuaRuaWallia: Background music name
  16. @CrazyNice-f5n: amazing!
  17. @kynningar: Please make more longer videos. Enjoying it so much 😘
  18. @kurtishall4881: Keep going youre almost there. Keep going 🙌
  19. @sanaefleurita1559: Thank you and big big love from morocco❤
  20. @YuNgBlUd-FAN101: How do u play it is someone supposed to copy you?

- How I Actually Edit Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Where's the editing tutorial? How do&nbsp; you edit? Bro, are you using Adobe to&nbsp;&nbsp; edit your videos? How do you edit so good?&nbsp; Your editing style is crazy, man. Where do&nbsp;&nbsp; you edit videos? How to edit smooth like&nbsp; you? How to edit? Bro, we need a tutorial… Yep, this is the editing tutorial. But why&nbsp;&nbsp; the hell did it take 9 months to make&nbsp; it? Well, it all started one year ago… An editing tutorial? From me? Really? Why not? Have you ever checked your&nbsp; views? People love your videos, man. Look, I know a thing or two about editing,&nbsp; but making a tutorial?! There are fricking&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizards out there making stuff I can’t&nbsp; even imagine! I mean look at this guy. How the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell does he do that?! The best I can do is&nbsp; “how to edit slightly above average” tutorial… And? Isn’t that the point? You don’t need to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizard. You just need to be… You…&nbsp; Someone who’s been through the journey. What do you mean? Remember your early days, man. You knew&nbsp; nothing about editing. I’ve been there. Wait. You were there? I mean for the most part… Oh… Everything you know, you learned&nbsp; the hard way. Wouldn’t you want&nbsp;&nbsp; someone to guide you through that path back then? Yeah… Just keep it real. Show the way for past Isaac.&nbsp; How you edit your videos, from start until the&nbsp;&nbsp; end. The stuff you learned along the way. And&nbsp; hey, who knows, maybe I’ll send it back to him. Alright. That’s my man! But if I’m doing this, I’m making the best&nbsp; editing tutorial YouTube has ever seen… Yeah, I know, you’ve probably heard this a&nbsp; million times and rolling your eyes. But different&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences want different editing. You can’t use&nbsp; a MrBeast style editing in a Ruhi video. It just&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t feel right. Now, every editing tutorial is&nbsp; saying this exact same thing, but the problem is,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of them proceed to explain both editing&nbsp; styles in theory and never actually give you&nbsp;&nbsp; practical advice. You know why? Because they don’t&nbsp; want to lose the other side of their viewers.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s all about keeping the retention high! I&nbsp; know, it’s not a wise choice for retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don’t wanna be one of them. I want to&nbsp; actually teach you something. So instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; juggling 2 different editing styles&nbsp; and giving random tips from each one,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s pick the one that I’m better at, which&nbsp; is, fancy editing! The editing like this… and&nbsp;&nbsp; this… and this. I want you to walk away from&nbsp; this tutorial actually knowing how to edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; not watching another video that explains&nbsp; the same theory for the 100th time. You wouldn’t wanna sit down to edit and realize&nbsp; halfway through that your script isn’t good&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, or even worse, the video idea doesn’t&nbsp; make sense! If you wanna edit viral videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything else should be made with&nbsp; that in mind as well. An amazing edit&nbsp;&nbsp; can’t save a boring script, or a bad video&nbsp; idea. So let’s quickly fix these at first. Think about your target audience.&nbsp; Is the idea interesting for them?&nbsp;&nbsp; Would someone click on this&nbsp; video if they didn’t know you? I already covered it in another video. For the script, start by outlining all the&nbsp; points you want to cover in the video, and write&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that’s on your mind. Most youtubers&nbsp; stop here. But after writing everything, I always&nbsp;&nbsp; come up with a secondary story. Something deeper.&nbsp; Almost like a short film that runs alongside the&nbsp;&nbsp; main video. After that, create a structure. Cut&nbsp; out useless parts, ask ChatGPT to make it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand, and build some kind of progress&nbsp; from the start until the end of your video. We’re&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna dive a lot deeper into scripting in a future&nbsp; video, so I’ll not waste much time on that here. Just record your voice on a microphone,&nbsp; or like me, use an AI voice generator&nbsp;&nbsp; like Elevenlabs. Create a voice, and paste&nbsp; everything in your script, but little little,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle. Some people still think that&nbsp; AI voices are too robotic, but trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it has improved a lot. I mean I can get random&nbsp; emotions like SIUUU. See? You can check out&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs with the link in description. It’s&nbsp; not sponsored by the way. I just get a small&nbsp;&nbsp; commission if you use my link. And it’s a great&nbsp; tool. SIUUU! Haha. Sorry… Okay, let’s move on. Here’s the thing about filming… I have absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; no clue. I get all my footage&nbsp; from the internet… So… yeah… Look at other youtubers’ videos, but even&nbsp; better, watch a good movie before editing. Uhh,&nbsp;&nbsp; just a heads-up, don’t watch 5 seasons of&nbsp; Breaking Bad just to get inspired for one&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Don’t ask me how I know… With all the&nbsp; rise of short-form content, some people haven’t&nbsp;&nbsp; even sat and watched a 2 hour long movie in years.&nbsp; But if you find any type of movie that you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; and watch it with your editor's eye, you’ll get&nbsp; so much inspiration that you can’t even make&nbsp;&nbsp; that much video! Transitions, storytelling,&nbsp; montages, cool camera angles, you name it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most of this stuff hasn't even been implemented&nbsp; once on youtube yet. So, you want originality?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where you get them. Even though it’s not&nbsp; gonna be as good as a masterpiece like Morbius,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re making your own movies here. Once&nbsp; these are ready, move on to the next step. When I say assets, I’m talking about music,&nbsp; sound effects, overlays, and presets. It takes&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of trial and error to find the right&nbsp; ones. But if you don’t have time for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; I put together all the assets I use to edit&nbsp; my videos. Here’s where I get them from. Now, this part may seem a bit unnecessary,&nbsp; but it made everything way faster for me in&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual editing. Take your script, and color&nbsp; code what’s happening in each sentence. I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to divide it into 6 categories, but you can&nbsp; adjust this based on your style. Once you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; done with the entire script, collect all the&nbsp; elements you need for each part. I marked this&nbsp;&nbsp; part as ‘screen record’. So now I’ll gather&nbsp; all the screen recordings for this section.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same process for images, videos, and&nbsp; everything else. And for the animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; uhh… Just keep it there. I’m gonna explain&nbsp; it in a few minutes. After you went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire script and got everything&nbsp; you need, you’re ready to move on to… Alright, finally, it’s time to open Premiere&nbsp; Pro. Click create a new project. Create again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add a new sequence. I like to&nbsp; make my videos in 1920 by 1080,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is high enough so no one’s&nbsp; counting pixels, and low enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; not burn my computer. Though you can use 4k if&nbsp; you got a beast in your house. Oh, and 60fps. Create your workplace by dragging windows around,&nbsp; however you’re comfortable with. Personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like this layout, which has&nbsp; the main video in the center,&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline at the bottom, footage and effects&nbsp; here, effect controls and raw footage monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; here. If you’re missing any windows,&nbsp; just enable them from the menu here. Next up, import your voiceover, drag to&nbsp; the timeline, cut it based on the script,&nbsp;&nbsp; and remove any awkward pauses or&nbsp; moments where it drags the flow. Okay, this one might not fit for&nbsp; everyone's workflow, but I like&nbsp;&nbsp; adding the music right after the voiceover.&nbsp; I know, most editors save it for the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it gives more clarity on the vibe&nbsp; you’re going for in the entire edit. Plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; it lets you make cuts based on the beat. And&nbsp; most importantly, it’s more fun! So, where&nbsp;&nbsp; to find good music? I used to grab no copyright&nbsp; music from youtube for a long time, but lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve been hooked on Epidemicsound. It’s just more&nbsp; convenient to find music and sound effects based&nbsp;&nbsp; on every detail, and you don’t need to worry&nbsp; about copyright issues. One thing I didn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; realize until editing this video, is that you can&nbsp; copy and paste your favorite songs from Spotify,&nbsp;&nbsp; and get similar music. I mean what the hell?&nbsp; Why didn’t anyone told me that?! Once you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; got your music, drop it to the timeline, and&nbsp; adjust the volume based on the voiceover. Now comes the fun part. Remember the highlights&nbsp; on the script? Start layering in all your videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; images, and screen recordings based on the&nbsp; highlights. It’s not necessary if you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; new to editing, but it’s a good idea to&nbsp; experiment with some cuts based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; music beats. It gives your edit that extra&nbsp; punch and keeps it flowing easier. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; little trick I like to use, is just plain&nbsp; text on a black background. Just like I’m&nbsp;&nbsp; doing right now. We’re gonna dive into text&nbsp; in a minute, so leave it blank for now. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking good so far! But remember? You highlighted&nbsp; one more thing in your script. Animations… Alright, here’s the truth. Animation&nbsp; is not as easy as it looks. Especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it’s your first time. But don’t&nbsp; worry, we’ll break it down together. So, in the script that you highlighted,&nbsp; let’s take the first animation. I’m just&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna take a cool one from my previous&nbsp; videos. And show you the exact method I&nbsp;&nbsp; use to make them go viral. Grab a pen and&nbsp; paper, and imagine the animation. You’re&nbsp;&nbsp; probably thinking of something that walks&nbsp; the viewer through the method step by step,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Picture this. We’ll have some&nbsp; boxes connected to each other by arrows,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a flowchart. Inside each box, is a heading,&nbsp; but they’re blurred out for now. Then, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; zoom into the first box, and boom. The text is&nbsp; revealed. That’s a solid one. Let’s create it. Now there are two ways to create the animations.&nbsp; Easy way, and hard way. Let’s start with the first&nbsp;&nbsp; one. If your animation is too simple,&nbsp; and not much fancy stuff is going on,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create it in Canva. I made my&nbsp; first video’s animations using only Canva.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just create the animation you sketched, with&nbsp; shapes, text, and graphics. For our example,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might look something like this. Once you’ve&nbsp; got your design set, add some animations. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s it! Keep in mind, if you want to&nbsp; add some zoom-ins to them in the edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; export the video in a higher quality. Or it may&nbsp; look like this. That works for simple animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you want to edit like a pro, it’s time to&nbsp; dive into… After Effects… But here’s your warning.&nbsp;&nbsp; This route gets much more complex than Canva. So&nbsp; it’s okay to freak out if it’s your first time&nbsp;&nbsp; using it. Every editor has been there. Honestly… I&nbsp; think I'm still freaking out each time I see it...&nbsp;&nbsp; OH! Sh… There’s too much detail to explain here,&nbsp; so I’m gonna do a separate video for creating more&nbsp;&nbsp; complex animations in the future. But the idea is&nbsp; the same as Canva. Use tools like text, shapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or pen to create the base of your animation.&nbsp; Once you have something similar to your sketch,&nbsp;&nbsp; adjust them based on the voiceover. Add typewriter&nbsp; animation to texts, and trim paths to move shapes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lastly, add some glow effect to make them pop.&nbsp; At least that’s what I do. It takes more time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the result is next level. You can repeat&nbsp; the same process for all the other animations&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Sketch, create, animate. Until&nbsp; I make the full animation tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to do some research yourself,&nbsp; I shared some keywords and tutorials from&nbsp;&nbsp; other creators that might help. And once all the&nbsp; animations are ready, drop them to the timeline&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Line them up with your voiceover, and&nbsp; we’re one step closer to a polished final edit. By now, your timeline should be looking pretty&nbsp; solid. But here’s the thing. The first rough cut&nbsp;&nbsp; is never perfect. So if you have time,&nbsp; go back and watch it again. Trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll spot points to improve. Add&nbsp; extra animations, screen recordings,&nbsp;&nbsp; some funny memes. Sometimes I even rewrite parts&nbsp; of the script if a better idea pops in my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it’s not about just adding things. At some&nbsp; point, you’ll need to cut off useless parts. Look&nbsp;&nbsp; out for boring lines in the script, unnecessary&nbsp; footage, or bad jokes. Cut everything that doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; serve the video’s main goal. And yeah, I only&nbsp; keep the good jokes. You wouldn’t wanna see&nbsp;&nbsp; the bad ones… Don’t, hey, don’t show it! So&nbsp; you added new stuff, removed useless stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s still not enough. There’s one&nbsp; more thing you need... Space. I know, I know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you always heard that people’s attention span&nbsp; is shorter than a jellyfish, and if you wanna&nbsp;&nbsp; make a viral video, you’ve gotta keep up the pace.&nbsp; Get to the point as fast as possible, and move on&nbsp;&nbsp; to the next one. Because if you slow down for too&nbsp; long… you’re gonna be… boring… So cut every single&nbsp;&nbsp; millisecond where something interesting isn’t&nbsp; happening, fry people’s dopamine receptors, make&nbsp;&nbsp; them hate their life after watching your video,&nbsp; give them a heart attack… and maximize your&nbsp;&nbsp; retention… But here’s the twist. Cutting every&nbsp; space may mean cutting the actual story from your&nbsp;&nbsp; video… So how do you balance it? The best way&nbsp; to summarize this point is, ‘People don’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; shorter attention spans. They just have higher&nbsp; standards’. So make the stop worth waiting for… Alright, we’re done with the boring parts.&nbsp; Now it’s time to get our hands dirty. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive in, just remember this. Good editing&nbsp; doesn’t mean using as many effects as you can.&nbsp;&nbsp; It means using it to complement what’s being&nbsp; said in the video. So you need to resist the&nbsp;&nbsp; urge to throw in every flashy&nbsp; thing you find in the effects tab. Sometimes you need to zoom in and out&nbsp; to highlight something on the screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just to add a little movement to your&nbsp; video. To do that, use a transform effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; add scale and position keyframes to the&nbsp; start, move forward in the timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjust where you want the zoom to end. Sure,&nbsp; it gets the job done, but it’s not smooth at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; To make it flow better, expand the effect, and&nbsp; make the curves smoother. Much better. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's basic knowledge. To take it further, you&nbsp; need to keep the point of focus consistent in&nbsp;&nbsp; between cuts. This keeps the viewers’ eyes from&nbsp; wandering all over the place, and makes it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch. To do that, use guides. Center point,&nbsp; eye line, but my favorite is the rule of thirds.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea is that the main focus of each zoom&nbsp; and cut must stay at the same spot. Like this. Text in videos is a subjective choice. Some&nbsp; people never use it, some use it all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; place. Personally, I use it in 3 places. First -&nbsp; as a caption. Captions are the most obvious one,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I try not to slap them all over the video.&nbsp; Because it can become irritating to see a text&nbsp;&nbsp; pop every second throughout the entire time.&nbsp; So I use it where I talk about something&nbsp;&nbsp; important. Second - as a center text. Center text,&nbsp; is for moments where captions aren’t enough. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can have its own color, glow, or whatever makes&nbsp; it pop. Third - as a part of the video. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s text that becomes a part of the scene.&nbsp; Attached to a screen, a wall, or something in the&nbsp;&nbsp; background. Now, how do you actually create these?&nbsp; It’s simple. Click this text tool, click on the&nbsp;&nbsp; video, type something, and adjust its settings&nbsp; in the effect controls to match your channel’s&nbsp;&nbsp; brand. To give it a pop animation like you see in&nbsp; my videos, we’re gonna use the ancient technique&nbsp;&nbsp; of sensei Finzar. Take the transform effect, add&nbsp; it to the text, set a scale keyframe at the start&nbsp;&nbsp; around 70%. Then, move about 7 frames forward,&nbsp; increase the scale to 110%, move forward another&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 frames, and bring it back to 100. I smoothed out&nbsp; the keyframes, but there isn’t a big difference.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, add glow, glitch, or whatever else fits&nbsp; your style. Repeat the same for other texts as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. Looking good! To save time in the future,&nbsp; select your text and animations. Right click, and&nbsp;&nbsp; save as a preset. Next time, you can just drag and&nbsp; drop that preset to a text box, and you’re done! Obviously, using a character isn’t a must. So&nbsp; if you don’t use it, just skip this part. But&nbsp;&nbsp; if you do, here’s the process. Create a head,&nbsp; or a logo with an AI image generator. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; video diving deeper into this matter if you’re&nbsp; interested. Once you got something you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; slap it onto a stock image, export the image,&nbsp; and add it to your video. Again, use keyframes&nbsp;&nbsp; to move it around, smooth out the keyframes, the&nbsp; same stuff. And of course, create presets to use&nbsp;&nbsp; it next time. By the way, if you’re looking to&nbsp; save time with some of these effects, I’ve put&nbsp;&nbsp; together a few of my presets for free. Link’s in&nbsp; the description if you want to check them out! You’ve probably noticed those fancy&nbsp; electric effects, dust, light leaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other textures throughout the video.&nbsp; They’re called overlays. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; a video with black background, so that you can&nbsp; change the display mode to ‘screen’, and make&nbsp;&nbsp; it transparent. You can use them as highlighters,&nbsp; transitions, or just to make your video fancier. I mostly use light leaks for transitions,&nbsp; but there are some preset packs for changing&nbsp;&nbsp; in between scenes. Like slides, shakes,&nbsp; zooms, rotations, and things like that. I don’t go too heavy on effects, but&nbsp; when I do, my go-to options are glow,&nbsp;&nbsp; 3D, transform, blur, mosaic, and things like that. At this point, I get it. You’re probably&nbsp; overwhelmed by the things you have to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a single video. That’s normal.&nbsp; But here’s the secret. You don’t have to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn everything at once. Just pick&nbsp; one small thing from this tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; and try it in your next video. Practice&nbsp; until you’re decent at it. Then take&nbsp;&nbsp; another. Then another, then another,&nbsp; and repeat. Nobody is chasing you. Now keep in mind. Just because you can use&nbsp; an effect or a transition, doesn’t mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; should. Sometimes keeping things simple is more&nbsp; effective than using every single effect you can. But no matter how great your edit turns out,&nbsp; without proper sound effects underneath,&nbsp;&nbsp; the video will feel flat, and viewers will sense&nbsp; something’s missing. There are 3 main types of&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effects. Whoosh, riser, and impact. These&nbsp; are the basics, so don’t limit yourself. Based&nbsp;&nbsp; on your video, you can throw in keyboard&nbsp; sounds, gears, memes, clicks, bomb, clock,&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much anything you can come up with. You&nbsp; can find all kinds of sound effects from youtube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and paid platforms like Epidemicsound. I use a&nbsp; combination of both. Now, the technique I found&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes the process easier, is just mute&nbsp; all the other audio tracks. Watch the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add the sound effects you think would fit&nbsp; best. May sound obvious, but when I started,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was doing my sound designs with voiceover&nbsp; and music enabled. It wasn’t good… And don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid to experiment and combine different&nbsp; sound effects together. It may feel too time&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming and unnecessary since you can’t&nbsp; see anything visually changing in the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sound design is literally half of the video.&nbsp; So it’s definitely worth investing time on that&nbsp;&nbsp; part. And finally, lower the volume of the&nbsp; sounds, so that they don’t become annoying. We’re almost done, but the colors look a&nbsp; bit off. To fix that, I add a lumetri color&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on each clip, and change the exposure,&nbsp; contrast, saturation, and things like that. Alright, so mastering the basics and improving in&nbsp; all those skills with every video is essential.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here's where a lot of channels fail. At&nbsp; one point, they stop trying anything new. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know the channels, where each video feels&nbsp; like the exact same copy of the last 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s the recipe for failure.&nbsp; Now, I have to admit something... I&nbsp;&nbsp; still don’t know 90% of the stuff in editing.&nbsp; And neither does anyone else! But the key is,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you learning with every video? If you keep&nbsp; trying new things each time, and that gap between&nbsp;&nbsp; what you know and what you don’t know will slowly&nbsp; get smaller. Sure, it will never go down to zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s the point. Most people are stuck&nbsp; here forever. And even if you’re here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can overtake them just by learning with&nbsp; each video. Because most people don’t even try… Editing isn’t just what you see in tutorials.&nbsp; There’s so much out there you can improvise&nbsp;&nbsp; or learn from others. For every video I make, I&nbsp; try something new that I could not do until that&nbsp;&nbsp; point. For my first video, I didn’t know how&nbsp; to make animations, so I tried making crappy&nbsp;&nbsp; animations with Canva. For the second one,&nbsp; I tried these electricity effects. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; I used After Effects for the first time, and tried&nbsp; creating an entire storyline. The list goes on for&nbsp;&nbsp; every single video. That’s why these videos take&nbsp; so much time to create. Sometimes I spend 3 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; learning a new technique to use in a 5 second&nbsp; part of my video. Most editors just do what&nbsp;&nbsp; they already know - to be more efficient. But if&nbsp; you invest 3 hours to learn that new effect, the&nbsp;&nbsp; next time that 3 hours will become 1 hour. Then&nbsp; 30 minutes, 10 minutes, then just a few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And once an impossible effect will become an&nbsp; ordinary thing. That’s how I learn to edit better… Sounds cool, right? But sometimes, well, most&nbsp; of the times, things don’t go as planned… How’s the masterpiece coming along? Almost done. Just adding some final touches.&nbsp; You know, little details to make it perfect. Dude, you said the same thing&nbsp; last week. And the week before… Just a few more tweaks, okay? Trust me.&nbsp; It’s gonna be the ultimate tutorial. Alright, man. But remember, sometimes&nbsp; ‘done’ is better than ‘perfect’. Oh. You sound like an AI&nbsp; generated motivational video. Just don’t get lost in details, okay? Alright, don’t worry about me. So I kept editing, applied everything I learned,&nbsp;&nbsp; even researched new techniques to take my&nbsp; video a step further. Every day, it felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like the video was getting better and better. But&nbsp; after a while, something started to feel… wrong… What the f… is going on?! Almost 60 days had passed, and I&nbsp; was still editing the same video. Wanna grab some drink? It… it feels like I’m stuck in&nbsp; a loop that will never end. What&nbsp;&nbsp; should I do? Isn’t there a tutorial for this? I mean, you’re the one&nbsp; that’s making tutorials here. You know, I’ve been watching you since&nbsp; the beginning of your journey. Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; know what your weakness is? You think&nbsp; that you can learn everything just by&nbsp;&nbsp; watching a tutorial about it. But&nbsp; there isn’t a tutorial for this. So, am I gonna stuck here? Look, I’m not an editor, but let me tell you&nbsp; what I know. That's the thing about anything&nbsp;&nbsp; creative you do. It’s never done. You can&nbsp; always improve it. Add a new effect. Create&nbsp;&nbsp; a better animation. Find better music. Tell&nbsp; a better story. It’s a cycle that never ends… So, how do I escape? Maybe you just need to say it’s good enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a deep breath, and press&nbsp; publish. It's good enough. Yeah, I still couldn’t fully overcome&nbsp; my perfectionism, but I’m trying my&nbsp;&nbsp; best. Even if it’s not flawless, it’s&nbsp; still gonna help someone out there. More than you know. Sometimes it’s better to&nbsp; see the process. Not only the right things,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the mistakes as well.&nbsp; That’s what makes it real. Dude, I didn’t finish my motivational speech… Don’t worry… They get it… Alright, whatever… I know, some of you were probably expecting some&nbsp; kind of secret technique that I use to make my&nbsp;&nbsp; edits stand out. While making this video, I&nbsp; thought about this a lot. But the truth is,&nbsp;&nbsp; such a technique doesn’t exist. I can’t&nbsp; fully explain how I edited those videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only technique was to keep learning new&nbsp; things each time. Combine different styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; draw inspirations, break the&nbsp; rules, and add something from… you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorar-wa-rodod [1 likes]: 12:24 vibing to akaza ost 🔥🔥
  2. @IsaacVargas-c3i [1 likes]: Eh yo también me llamo Isaac
  3. @Elxeo [1 likes]: sen türksün
  4. @SelamCahiller: ONUR NACİ :d
  5. @junaidkhoda: Nice 👍
  6. @yahyazadeTvo: ruhi çenet ve onurnaci detayları çok iyi
  7. @kinili58: @spunkram
  8. @FURYxPulsar: Onur naci öztürkler :) olmana gerek yok diyoor
  9. @ControSapiensOfficial: Suuuuuuuuuuu.....😂
  10. @HazeOsu: Thanks man, this video maybe not a fully usefull tutorial for me but its a good reminder for me, well now i know maybe what i need is not "perfect" but "It's good enough" big thanks man
  11. @dr_Fess: This is too good ,you deserve 100 Million subs 💯
  12. @muanyaking: Finzar mentioned 🎉😂
  13. @dorar-wa-rodod: What a great video!
  14. @Langkahmu-sekarang: This tutorial? ... Ah maybe this cinema , best cinema I found in yt ❤❤
  15. @soaresilva2k: That was one of the shortest videos I've ever seen—let me check if it's really 60 seconds long...
  16. @Fuzzey-DarkAndDarker: Man thanks for this video. I just recently started this bs channel about a tiny ass vid game. I only did it to overcome my destructive  perfectionism. I ve been depressed for 5 years and recently "snapped" out of it. For me the better i got the more i hated myself for failing not reaching the level i thought ive already reached. Seeing 1000 people clicked on my dumb ass video i was cutting while having a smoke and laughs with the boys on discord truely opened my eyes. Ppl want authenticity. This video of yours was authentic af my man. Shout out for that❤
I will start another channel for my real life stuff like crafts as knife and furniture making, sewing and cooking, some short docus and philosophy which helped me form a healthier mindset and way of thinking about my miserable self😂 im about to embrace the cringe and process of failing. Why act as if im the best while im definently not. I will buy a cam this month and start recording. My channel name will maybe be hermes if thats not already taken (pretty sure it is tho😅) if you wanna se me struggle and lose fingers or nerves. Until then thanks for the vid and wish you great fun
  17. @turkcipitiofficial: turkish dub added.
  18. @Mr.MaskedGamingOfficial: yeah same i espected a tutorial and got a boring ai scripted movie
  19. @Generic_mann: Bro made a short film on how to make cool edits ... Absolute cinema 😭🙌❤💐
  20. @rdx7ip: 🇧🇷

- How to Make VIRAL English Learning Videos with AI | Full Course: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I've brought a secret niche that has generated 4 million views and $12,000 US in earnings in the last 30 days. Literally, no paid tools, no heavy editing. Just give 1 hour per day and your complete video will be ready. If you upload one video per day, literally you can get four to 5 million views possible every month. Let me show you how. So guys, this is our course content. There are four simple steps. Script generation, voiceover generation, editing, and thumbnail. Literally in these steps I will give you a complete breakdown of how to generate script voice over editing and thumbnail. That's it. Now let me take you through. Below this niche there is a channel called Mr. English. Simply you have to work in this niche. You have to teach English. Now you'll say I don't know English. There's no problem. Literally no problem. You will just copy this channel and literally create your content with a small content gap. How to create? What will happen? What are the steps? I'll tell you. First you go to the channel link. Okay. And let's see this channel. This is our channel. And if you see every video, 15 minutes, 16 minutes, 20 minutes, and I'll also play the first video that was uploaded half an hour ago. This is a simple video, okay? If you focus, captions are running from here to here. I've added one picture and one small area. I've added one element and made the complete video. And this is 100% monetized, literally. And you know how many views per month? Let me show you. If you focus on the last 30 days, there are 4 million views. 4 million views. Okay? And if you calculate, you'll get 3 to4 per,000 views. RPM. RPM means how much money you get per thousand views. So this is almost $12,000 he earned this month by uploading simple videos. The way I'm telling you you can make one video in one day. And if you make one video in 2 days, if you upload 15 videos per month, then in 3 months you'll see your growth potential. Okay, you're watching a simple video. This is a simple video. There's no problem in this. You saw just one picture runs throughout. Okay, now what do we have to do? First, we'll generate a script from chat GPT. But remember one thing, chat GPT also gives you very bad script directly. Before that you have to tell chatgpt what our niche is so that your chat GPT model gets trained. The best way to train is to go to your channel. Okay. And go to your competitor's channel. You take any three script to analyze. I'll take any. I'll take popular. I'll take latest. I'll take oldest. Okay. I've taken a latest video. Okay. We'll go to its script. If we go to its description, we'll click on show transcript. Then its complete script will open here. If we toggle transcript, its complete script will open. So here we'll copy its script simple and you have to come to chat GPT. So we've come to chat GPT. Okay. Here we'll simply write script number script number one. Okay. And here you'll paste your first script from your competitor. Okay. Similarly you have to do two more scripts so that chat GPT can analyze your niche. Well here I'll paste it below and I'll write script two. And here I'll take the competitor's second script 4 months ago. 4 months ago this had 1.3 million views. If we do a simple calculation this is an 11minute video. 4 months ago. If I tell you calculation from just one video, this is $4,500 to $5,000 from one video. Whenever I bring such niches to you, please subscribe so that every week you get at least three to four niches. First, you come to its description. Okay? Simple. We'll repeat the same thing. Okay? And we'll come to its show transcript. Okay? And we'll copy its complete script here. Simple thing. Our script number two is copied. After copying script number two, we'll paste it here. And here we'll write one more simple script. Okay? So, I'm taking the oldest file for the third script. So we know everything. Which video did he upload first? Which is latest? Which is popular? Okay. So here we'll copy its description. Same repetition. Okay. You have to write all three scripts on chat GPT. Okay. Now I've written all three scripts here. Now what will I tell chat GPT? I'll tell chat GPT to analyze this. Well, give me its complete breakdown. What's the tone in this? What's the storyline structure? What's the word count? What's happening? Okay. So here I'll give chat GPT a simple prompt. I could have made my own prompt, but for you for easy, I've given a general prompt here. Here's the prompt. Okay. You just have to copy and write below. Okay, remember not just this course, not just this niche. You can take any niche in the world. You analyze the same way. This is the way to generate script. What do you have to do simply? You simply copied the prompt and here you came to chat GPT and pasted this prompt here. What is this prompt for? This prompt is to get your analysis done. Simple. I'll give you its input. You wait for its output. Okay. It has given us complete output and it has analyzed and told what the tone and voice is in this niche. Because it's teaching, you're guiding people in English. So your tone will be like this. So what's the structure? What's the audience targeting? What's the word count and style? What are the unique technique? It has told us everything. This is in script number two. This is in script number three. Now what happened? Our chat GPT model is done. Okay. It's trained. What's in this niche? Okay. Now I'll give it a simple prompt and I'll tell it I also want to work in this niche. Give me such a script. Give me such a prompt first. Okay. So this is simple. You'll give chat GPT input prompt. Okay. Now I also want to work in this neat but I don't know how to work. So give me such a prompt in which I just put one title and an output I get a complete generated script. This is simple. Now we give it input. Now we wait for its output. Now we got the output. Now it has created a universal prompt. We've created such a prompt. I just have to put my title here and I'll get a complete generated script. Okay? Literally I've made it so easy for you. Now you got the complete prompt. Remember that you don't get a good prompt the first time. You have to refine the prompt. Okay? Like I know I can also make mistakes. So I'll tell it I want to make changes. So I'll also make changes in front of you so that we can generate a good prompt. Here we got the generated prompt. Okay, let's open a new chat GPT so we can make a good script. Now we got the prompt to write the script but we don't have a title yet. Okay, you can copy the title of your competitor's first five to six videos but but only five to six. After that you have to create your own content. So I'll write here give me 10 topic ideas. Okay, so this will also give us 10 topic ideas. It has generated 10 topics for us. We can select any of these restaurant English ordering food and drink. Here it's telling that there should be 10 topics in which people want to learn English. Write English at work. There should be shopping English like how to speak English in shopping mall, how to speak English in restaurant, how to speak English at airport. So we've made this. So this is simple. Any of these English in 10 situations, taxi, hotel. I like the 10th one the most. Whenever you travel, travel because obviously you're going abroad. So you should know English. So I'll tell here travel English in 10 situations. Taxi, hotel, restaurant, emergency. So I've copied the 10th one. Okay, I like it. So I'll paste the 10th one here. This is my title. Okay, if you focus here, this is the title. Okay, I'll just put my title here. and it will generate the complete script for me. If your script is not related, you'll refine its prompt. Otherwise, we'll wait for the complete script. So, it has started giving the script an output. Okay. Let's see the script once. According to me, it has given a good script because it has hosted the complete video. So, one host is sitting here and the other is giving answers. A podcast is running. Okay. And we'll go back to the script. It is given from situation one to situation two. And your complete script is generated. The script will be approximately 1,150 words. Yes, if you think the script is short, I want to make it a bit longer. Now you have to come here again and tell it I want to make changes in my prompt. So you have to say like this. Now I'll tell it I want to make changes in the prompt. Whatever changes you want to make, increase word count, you want simple English, you want to change host name, whatever you want to do, you'll first refine the prompt. A new prompt will be created. Then your new script will be made. Simple thing I want to make changes in the prompt. And whatever changes I have to make, I'll write okay I've written here. Now such a prompt will come here where length will increase. written here prompt at least 2,000 to 3,000 words. Now, if you come back to your sheet, if you look at the course content, your first part is complete. Your script generation is done. The next step, which is most important, is generating voice. This is very simple. Let's go. So, guys, voice over is very simple. You just have to go to Google and type 11 Labs. Literally, this is such a tool. It's very effective and every big creator uses it. You have to log in. Its plan is also very simple. In $5 to $10, you'll get the whole month. will need studio the most specifically in this niche. In other niches, you can come to text to speech. I've told this in my paid course. There's no problem in this. But now you have to go to studio. You have to go to studio. Here you have to go to new blank project. You'll come to audio project. Now the interface is open in front of you. This is very interesting for you. Now you must have seen if you see this video in this video one boy or one girl. One boy or one girl. One host is asking and the other guest is giving answers. Means there are two communications. One is asking and the other is giving answers. People are learning English with each other. We'll do a simple thing here. See how the script is generated. Host one is excited. Imagine this. You land in a new country. You need a taxi, a hotel, food, and maybe even help in an emergency. But wait, what if you don't know the right English word here? Host two will come smiling. Don't worry. In this video, we will show you 10 real time. Now, a communication will start here. He'll ask, he'll answer. He'll ask, he'll answer like this. We'll take both systems. Simple. Now, we'll start with host one. Imagine this. We'll copy this. And here we'll do 11 lab here. Simply write. If you see left side, A is written. What does this mean? You can select your voice here. I like Adam's voice. But if you don't like it, no problem. I can take another voice. Rachel. I can do it for Brian. I can do it for Alice. I can do it for Chris. I like Chris anyway. Let's do it for Chris. This is my Chris. Let's listen to the demo once. >> Imagine this. You land in a new country. You need a taxi, a hotel, food, and maybe even help in an emergency. But wait, what if you don't know the right English? >> See, now how will the second person speak? I'll show you. Here we'll go back to our script. And here we'll come to host two. Don't worry. In this video, we will show you 10 real travel situations with simple English you can use today. Taxi, hotel, restaurant, emergency. We will get you covered. We'll copy this here. Copied and we'll paste it here. Now we'll select our second voice here. How? Because there are two hosts, right? Now we'll come here again. I want a girl to come here. Sarah. So we'll click on Sarah. So now this voice will speak. Means Chris and Sarah have become a couple. Chris will ask questions. Sarah will give answers and so on and so on because the whole video script will be made like this. Our voice will be generated like this. So you saw this method. Now if you focus a bit, Sarah's voice will be heard. >> Don't worry. In this video, we'll show you 10 real travel situations with simple English you can use today. Taxi, hotel, restaurant, emergencies, we've got you covered. >> So now the whole video has started here. Okay. Like one person is answering another person. Let's go down both. Let's get started. Okay. You can also leave this. Okay. Now, what will you do here? Hi everyone. Welcome back. Today we are learning English for travel. So, who will speak here? Your Chris will speak here. Okay. Because Chris is hosting. Now, we'll come here. Here. Chris's voice came. Okay. Now, let's go down here. Our host too. Yes. Simple English. Okay. We'll come down here. This will come. Sarah's. Yes, we've put Sarah here. Here Chris. Here's Sarah. So on and so on like this. Sarah. Chris. Sarah. Okay. I'll show you a bit more so you get an idea. Here you have Chris's. And below you'll have Sarah's. This is very simple, guys. This is very simple. Literally, you'll make a video very easily in one day. Literally. Here you got this. Okay. Here you'll apply Sarah. I'll take you a bit from here. Now, listen. >> Hi everyone. Welcome back. Today we're learning English for travel. >> Yes, simple, easy English that helps you survive and enjoy your trip. >> We'll teach you with role plays, examples, and mini quizzes. >> And you can practice with us. Repeat after us, answer questions, and have fun. >> So guys, this is the way to generate voice. Okay. So on and so on. Your complete 10-minute video, 20-minute video, 30 minute video, your script will be generated, your voice will be generated. Done. If I take you back to our course content, then voice generation part is also done. Now our part is main part editing and thumbnail, which is very simple. Now you'll say thumbnail, I don't know how to edit. I don't know how to make thumbnail. No problem. I'm going to teach you cover the editing part. But before that I'll tell you about some free AI tools for voiceover generation that will help you in that there's speechma with which you can generate voice for free and second is node GPT you can check the link this will trouble you a bit in this you have to put each voice separately I'm starting editing we've come to cap cut from here we'll take the voice we generated 11 labs or any free AI tool with this we'll cut unnecessary space by listening we'll cut it like this now we come to image generation let's take any image from this channel let's take it screenshot and then we'll come to chat GP PT will paste this image and tell it you can come to whisk and generate and instead of Mr. English you can write your channel name. So in this way you can generate an image from this. It has generated a very good image. We've downloaded the image from here. We'll add this image here. Then generate captions correct according to where it's missing. We can also select style from here. You can check everything from here. And now we come according to it. We also have this vocal animation. We'll download it from YouTube. We'll download it from here. We'll paste it on cap cut and we'll remove its green screen with chroma. Then make it a bit smaller and put it in center. Put it here. Where you feel better, put it on top like this. If you try cutting all spaces is better. Or when you generate voice over, keep this in mind. This is done. And if you want to add movement in this, you can add from scale and add movement like this. Press scale and scale it for 5 seconds or 10 seconds and then scale down like this. Animation movement will also come in background and then we can export from here. Our video is complete. We'll export it. Don't export some things that are pro otherwise it won't give you export option. It has given me export option because I didn't use anything that was in pro. You can put location from here and export all your things and this will simply export. Our last part is thumbnail design. Step four. For thumbnail design, let's check this thumbnails reference. How is he making it? We'll copy the video link from here and paste it here. And then thumbnail will download from here. Come to chat GPT. Go to file and select and then write prompt. It has generated the prompt. So its main part is power of positive thinking. So he highlighted this. Similarly, whatever title we have, we'll highlight this here. And then think positive. This is our second part. So we've copied this. We'll come to whisk. This is a free AI tool. And it generates images. Then we'll paste. It has generated the image. You can do it in a better way. And here you can input text according to your choice. So our thumbnail is also ready. So guys, I hope you like this video. I've told you all the steps that I counted with

  Top Comments:
  1. @MuntasirShorts9i [1 likes]: copy video
  2. @dangminhvan: I don’t know how to have caption and insert caption to synch with voice?
  3. @EnglishCalmTalk: I can't seem to find the Whisk app anywhere. Is it still available?
  4. @GeneralKnowledge-qu5lr: Prompt please ❤
  5. @relax360tv: Thank for your great video. Can you share the script on the video? My script doesn't work well like yours.
  6. @learnenglishwithmini-1: Apne apni ye video text se voice me converte Ki h ya voice change Ki h plz btaye
  7. @VenusVibesCare: Amazing
  8. @kolibrilove6017: Editing part when cutting sound is confusing. Why do you cut the sound?
  9. @CalmCurrentt: Awesome vid bro!!
  10. @TalkBoost-j1u: 😂😂😂 nice copy converted AI voice
  11. @Ranksbym1: Can this be monitized? b/c we use one image  so...🤔

- Suicidal Doesn't Always Look Suicidal: Kind: captions Language: en you're happy and know it your hands if you're happy and you know it and you really to show it if you happy any know clap your hands y bring me in your smile I it off bring me laugh all the while in this world where we live there should be more happiness so much joy you can give to each brand new bright tomorrow what are you going to do today I going run around about your shoes make me happy through the [Music] years never bring me any tears let your arms be as warm as the sun from up above bring me fun bring me Sunshine bring me love

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ben-q6c [3 likes]: Years ago, I'd never be able to relate to a video like this. Today, as someone who has no other way out, I totally do.
  2. @ParasSharma23 [3 likes]: I’m about to collapse and I hope I don’t see tomorrow
  3. @steves9955 [2 likes]: Too everyone with that thought in their head: 

Theres a reason youre still here! Theres a reason you havent given up, its because youre in the middle of a life long test. This life we live will end one day, its temporary. It may seem like a never ending nightmare, but all the enduring, stress, anxiety will end one day. And after that youll never have to worry again. Trust in the lord your God Jesus Christ, reject this world and youll have eternal life with him. Start a relationship with him and you wont be sorry. He'll never leave you like people do. Hes an ear you can chat off 24/7.


And yes, like you ive wandered astray from Jesus but like always i will always go back and repent. YOURE ALL STILL HERE AND YOU NEED TO KEEP GOING A LITTLE WHILE LONGER. YOURE ALL WARRIORS AND THE REWARD FOR NOT GIVING UP WILL BE HUGE! 



Y'all got this. Tough times never last, only tough people last. Keep going champs!!
  4. @Lisizasa_No [1 likes]: Stay alive, stay alive for me
You will die, but now your life is free
Take pride in what is sure to die
|-/
  5. @Void-Jayc [1 likes]: What if the version of you everyone loves is just the version that hides how broken you really are?
If you stopped texting first, how many people would slowly forget you exist?
How many memories of you are already gone… even though you’re still alive?
  6. @Aw_Rash [1 likes]: I hope they found the peace they were looking for
  7. @swagatabanerjee9002 [1 likes]: Hmm. Bye guys
  8. @Vanguard_Flow [1 likes]: I would love to show this to everyone about my thoughts and tell them but last time i told my parents they got mad at me and grounded at me and now im tired of life i have a feeling that life is not fair seeing that my "friends" parents actually believes in them i chased my dreams but got pulled back by the people i live with i just wish to be alone and leave this world the feeling of people saying men dont cry and only being able to cry alone in the dark and hiding emotions i feel like its just too much i see these videos to see if it cures me but nothing really is...
  9. @shogunraiden6943 [1 likes]: Iam too afraid for doing that, if anyone wanna take my soul, i dont mind, im too tired for living alone
  10. @oceanman3859 [1 likes]: I spent part of today seeing my daughter and playing happily with her. Now I'm sitting in my car ready for oblivion. I did enjoy my time with her, and yet I'm still on the verge. You never know what someone is actually going through
  11. @superpipp8: I respect them, I would like to follow them
  12. @jimmorris1424: Ill be in one of these one day.
  13. @A.S.H.: most of em were male?
  14. @ndeankaulomi4912: Women cry to lie , men laugh to hide their pain
  15. @___Guilherme___: I think the content of the video and the philosophical comments on the subject reinforce the disturbing idea of ​​Thomas Ligotti described in the pages of his book The Conspiracy Against the Human Race. It is a dark and frightening book, but indispensable to the intrigued, repeat viewers of this video. Through his work,  we understand that conspiracy works best on those it treats best, and somehow the conspiracy did not work for the respectable and honorable friends in the video.
  16. @Pretzel999: Wish I could’ve helped my dad..
  17. @geodash29: Im next…🙂

Edit: I decided the 16th of may to be THAT day (personal Relation with that date)…
  18. @noriktalks: God doesn’t make mistakes so why would He start with you I struggle but Gods love is still there
  19. @imn0tg00se-v18: This song breaks my heart 💔
  20. @HelenKN: I want to go so badly but my mom made me promise her on her dying bed to take care of my sister. How? When every year, I seek of ways to die? I’m purposely not trying to have kids in order to leave.

- Shocking Aftermath of Viral Video (Morning Show #2): Kind: captions Language: en comedy welcome to the morning show with bill bill Burson I'm bill Duggar son recently we received a disturbing tweet from one of our viewers apparently this videos gone viral we have with us young Bob Bob Orson you may remember him from a previous episode Bob this must have been quite an embarrassment yes it was I had no idea I was live-streaming to all my social media accounts hmm how does this affect your daily life I lost all of my subscribers and it's really gonna set us back hmm and I'd like to publicly apologize I just want my subs back you know Bob you are one brave young man to keep going the way you are you know I think you're an example to all those young people out there who've lost everything so uh how long you been a fan of Debbie Gibson I don't really want to talk about it well like Backstreet Boys myself like you can't subscribe okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @universityprof6111: I guess you had to watch the debbie Gibson sing along first
  2. @ibig3: Bill,  YOU ARE DISTURBING!

- Most Shocking Second a Day Video: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Happy birthday to you. Make a wish. Granny! Have you done your homework? Adam! Ready or not. Here it comes. Violent clashes with.... Live annumition..... ...deserve to get shot Bye mum. Strikes on rebel position... We are going to stay... Where are we? Daddy! Happy birthday to you. Make a wish, darling.

- Make An Impact - Inspirational Video: Kind: captions Language: pt-PT Quando estamos a morrer... Não te vais preocupar com quanto dinheiro tinhas... Quanto poder... ou prestígio. Vais perceber que era tudo um jogo, uma ilusão. O que vai ser importante é o impacto que tiveste na vida das outras pessoas. Estamos todos num caminho separado. CAUSA IMPACTO Mas o maravilhoso da vida aqui na terra... É que no meu funeral não vão falar do meu sucesso. Eles vão falar de quem era o Nick. E como é que o Nick viveu... ...e como ele amou. E encorajou. O sucesso é muito importante. Mas mais importante do que o sucesso... ....é ter impacto. É saber que não andaste pelo planeta em vão. É saber que pela tua presença, abençoaste vidas. Ajudaste pessoas a crescer. Tornaste o mundo num lugar melhor. O efeito que tens nos outros é a moeda mais valiosa que existe. Tudo o que conseguiste na vida irá apodrecer e desintegrar-se. E tudo o que irá restar de ti... ....era que estava no teu coração. A vida é um espelho. E a vida dá-nos não aquilo que queremos. A vida dá-nos aquilo que somos. Quando nasceste choraste, enquanto o mundo alegrava-se. Vive a tua vida de forma a que, quando morreres... ...o mundo chore enquanto tu te alegras.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenLionelScott [52 likes]: Download this video and audio version by subscribing on PayPal, plus early access to all new videos and more. First month is free! Cancel anytime.
Sign up & more info here: http://benlionelscott.com/subscribe
  2. @LaurenMichelle2026 [1 likes]: ♾💓♾
  3. @keithedwards9498: After we die, our family will walk into where we lived and all the stuff that we worked so hard to collect, that we spend time and effort in our lives, some to the cost of everything else, and they will look at it all and say what are we going to do with all of this junk. 
Life is not about the things we collect, it about the people we collect around our lives to the point they feel
More valued than anything else.
  4. @RavinderSingh-ft5dw: Superb
  5. @asnnew24: “This video doesn’t just inspire, it creates impact. 💯”
  6. @kingbowser6991: When you’ve realized your expiration day you won’t care what ppl said about you either you’ll care If you chased you goals and dreams and put in the work.
  7. @happygwenzi5181: Thank you
  8. @motivation_club7: Hello friend. May I translate and publish your channel videos in another language?
  9. @derekwhite7634: life is a vapor! Don't waste it on nonsense!!
  10. @jackieanderson9408: 👍🏿
  11. @aryanchadha3894: amazing editing, which software do you use? @BenLionelScott
  12. @ForestViVu: great video
  13. @theresiliencedoctor001: Thank you so much for preparing this great message and sharing it!
  14. @Elizabeth4JesusAmen: That is the most powerful video i've ever watched.
  15. @mariamakorede6537: Powerful message.👏👏👏
  16. @kjhoops673: This video is so inspirational and it makes us better people and grow ❤️
  17. @SafeSpaceInc: ♥
  18. @SwordoftheSavior: Nonsense, impact on others lives means nothing if you don't share Jesus with them. The only thing that WILL matter at the end of our earthly lives is whether or not we know Jesus as Lord....period.
  19. @mohsinsayed7254: I am in Recruitment work for US market . I am a manger of small team of 10 members.

It's been few years with the startup now again the situation we did not get placements ...there is slowness in client response our efforts is there.
The candidate does not respond sometime no interview I hope we get through this situation bcz no placement no income for company tricy business sometime can give a lot sometime it's always sturggle
  20. @johnchun370: 2:07

- Tina Exposes Mistress's Backstage MELTDOWN & Onya Addresses Backlash | Have Your Say: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back for some more Drag Race gossip, secrets and drama! So I'm back for another Have Your Say video. "Please, just stop." And this video is for All Stars 11 episode 3. So today we're going to be recapping the episode, going through the results of the Have Your Say poll where you voted on if you agreed with the outcome of the episode. And I'll be talking about a little bit of recent drama to do with Tina Burner calling out Mistress Isabelle Brooks and exposing some off-camera behaviour that Mistress did on All Stars 10, and Onya Nerve breaks her silence on why she left Kinky Boots and the drama surrounding it. All that and more coming up in today's video, so let's get started. Okay, let's start by recapping the episode. So this is the final episode of Bracket One, and because the premiere was two episodes and now this is the third, it does feel like this is just flown by. I do feel a bit bad for the queens in a way because it's kind of more like they only really got two episodes in reality. So it feels over very quickly. I personally feel like maybe four episodes each bracket would be better but what do I know? Nothing. So they start off by giving out the MVQ points and in kind of a gaggy drama moment a lot of the queens gave their points to Akeria even though she was already in the top. So it ended up with Akeria having uh let's have a look, six points. Dawn has four, Lucky two, Morgan three, Morphine two, Mystique one. And it was quite gaggy because obviously normally you wouldn't push the front runner even further ahead. But I think most of the queens were saying because Akeria was just so helpful in the design challenge and was genuinely taking time to help the queens, that's why they did it. But it was a little bit of a gag. And as we know from my time in prison, I do love to gag. Okay, so let's move on to the main challenge for this week. So we find out it's kind of an acting slash improv, but maybe more acting challenge for the home spooky network. So basically they are spooky creatures selling spooky products on kind of like a home shopping QVC type thing. I actually don't mind these sorts of challenges. The only thing is it's definitely more, I would say, on the scripted side by the sound of it. And we all know my thoughts on scripted acting challenges. They suck. I think I would have preferred them to be more improv rather than acting. But again, what do I know? Absolutely. Okay, so let's go through the actual performances and we'll go through them in order in which they appeared. The first pair was Dawn and Morphine and we'll start with Dawn first. So Dawn was selling the Buzzkill body razor. I think this was, I've seen other people say this as well, but I feel like out of all the products, this was kind of one of the easier to sell and you could kind of as a werewolf hair trimmer, it kind of sells itself. But I thought Dawn did a great job. She definitely to me was the main character of this scene. I loved the bit where they had the before and after of like the the werewolf and then the pit crew member. I thought that was quite funny. And the bit with the the coconuts because we all love a shaved coconut don't we? But I loved Dawn. I thought she was very natural. She was very funny. So she made me want to say yay! That was me howling like a werewolf. And in the Have Your Say poll, 68.6% said yay. So that's, I think, less than what I thought you were going to say. Then 26.9% for Just Okay, which is over a quarter, which I was a bit surprised about. And then 4.5% for nay. Then we have Morphine Love Dion, who was selling Hello Flesh because she was a zombie brains eating it. I will say I loved the Hello Flesh as a pun. Like, that is great. I love a good pun. That one did make me chuckle. I think Morphine did get overshadowed a bit by Dawn. Dawn did say at Roscoe's this week, by the way, go and watch my Roscoe's recap if you haven't. If you haven't, then you are a bad, bad girl. But Dawn said that she felt like Morphine actually did better than she did. They just edited it to not show it. I thought Morphine came across okay, but I do think Dawn did a better job overall. But I liked that Morphine was kind of really going for it and she was committing to being like the ugly zombie with her hair falling out and all that kind of stuff. So I would probably give it a just okay bordering into a yay. In the Have Your Say poll, you were definitely more on the Just Okay side. 61.3% of you voted for that. And then between yay and Nay, it was almost exactly split. yay did come out just on top by 0.7%. 19.7% for yay and then 19% for Nay. So you were obviously very split after Just Okay. Okay, so the second pairing was Lucky and Mystique. And we'll start with Lucky first. So Lucky was, I guess, a vampire. And she was selling some kind of sort of supplement, which I guess was supposed to be blood. And actually, while we're on the topic of Lucky's outfit, my patron Lady Naidaria said, as a fan of Lucky's unique perspective and a huge fan of anything mushroom, I did not understand the choice to go fungi with big tits to be a vampire. I love the costume, but what are we doing? And this is because they asked later on Lucky on the main stage, why did you dress like that? And she was like, I wanted to be like a fungus, fungi vampire. I also was a bit confused by that. I don't know if she just had the outfit and then decided to use it, don't know. In general, I just don't think that this pairing worked. I think Lucky was giving too much and Mystique was not giving enough. I know they say the whole thing of improv is yes and, but I feel like in this group it was like, yes and, but no. It was just, it was weird. It was not very good. Lucky seemed to be going off script a lot, which was throwing Mystique off, but Mystique was letting herself be thrown off. The only part of this skit that I thought was funny was when the caller said about the, is it kosher? Is it kosher? Is it what? Culture. Kosher. Kosher with a K. A kosher. Who the hell is that? Oh, girl. my Jesus. That bit was so funny to me because she didn't know what kosher meant. But that was really the only bit I remember of this whole skit, to be honest. But it was, guess it was funny, but unintentional. And it was just very chaotic. So unfortunately, I'd have to give this a nay. In the Have Your Say poll, predictably, 60% said nay, 31.5% for just okay, and then only 8.4% for yay. Then moving on to Mystique, and she was selling body bags. So I guess like Frankenstein's body bags, whatever. Again, I think this was just a weird pairing. Even before the challenge started, they were setting up in the werk room that Lucky was trying to do all this stuff, and Mystique had been like, no, don't do that. Don't get stuff on my white outfit. Don't do that. they were clearly trying to have this narrative of almost like Lucky being the bouncy child wanting to do stuff and then Mystique being the adult saying no no no kind of thing. I just think that Lucky was equally guilty I think of trying to do too much and going a bit chaotic but I think Mystique was not matching her energy in any way and was kind of letting herself be distracted and it got really awkward so both of them I think deserve a nay. But I do think that Mystique at least kept it on track slightly more than Lucky did. 53.8% said nay, predictably. 33.3% for Just Okay, so about a third. And then 12.9% for Yay. And moving on to the final pair, we have Akeria and Morgan. Okay, so we'll start with Akeria first. So she was a mummy and she had the Rapture, which by the way, great name. But it was like a wrap, like a long scarf wrap thing I guess. Obviously as a mummy makes sense. I thought A'keria was really funny. I liked that she was definitely out of the all of the groups. This group definitely made the most use of the pit crew. I don't know if that was an option they had but most of the others didn't really use the pit crew and let's be honest who wouldn't want to use the pit crew? But I do think they used it enough that it kind of brought a different energy to it. I think A'keria was really good. She was selling it a I thought she was funny, likeable. I would give it a yay. 70.3% voted yay, which is the most so far, I think. I would agree. I actually thought it should be better than that. 27.4% for Just Okay, which again was maybe a bit more than I expected. I thought it would be more on the yay side than the Just Okay side. And then 2.3% for nay. And finally, we have Morgan, who I guess was a ghost who was selling sort of ghost-like make-up. I really liked Morgan. I think that this This was definitely the most natural pairing that both of them did well. They volleyed off each other really well. You can tell that they're close in real life and that they feel comfortable with each other. I do think A'keria was obviously probably a bigger personality than Morgan was, but Morgan knew which beats to hit and everything. So I still would give it a yay because she was selling, she was doing the gig. So I definitely would buy that if I was a ghost. Morgan got slightly less than A'keria, but still yay came out by far on top with 68.6%. Then Just Okay got 27.1% and then Nay was 4.3%. Then I asked you, whose home spooky network performance gets the slay, i.e. the best, and you voted. Dawn with 37.5%, then Morgan McMichaels were 28.7% and then Akeria were 26.3%. I think I'd have to agree. Dawn didn't make me want to howl to the moon. I thought she was very good. She was really natural, funny. She sold the product well. I do think she had maybe the easier product to sell, but that was also because she did it well, so she definitely gets the slay. Okay, so let's move on to the runways for this week, and the category was Paris, France. Now, a little bit of fun fact, I did actually live in France for a year. I lived in Bordeaux, but I actually went to Paris almost every other weekend because I was visiting someone there. So I feel like I am quite well placed to judge the fashion in this particular one because I have actually been and almost basically lived in Paris. So am I an expert? But you could say yes, you could also say no. And I might have a little special guest for the first one. Hello everyone, my name is Claw-dine Pussay. I am the cousin of someone you may know called Claudia and I am from Paris, So Matt asked me to come for this specific runway for the Dawn because Dawn was dressed as the Ratatouille which as we know is a French classic of the Disney. And me being a cat talking about the mouse, you know what they say when the mice are on the stage, the cat will talk about it in the video. I must say I absolutely adore this runway, it is very classic and chic as you say, it is whimsical but also done very well, so I personally would give it a yay. you voted 78.1% for the yay. Then it was 18.3 for the just okay. And then only a little petite percentage of you, 3.6% voted for the nay. And I must now bid you au revoir and adieu until the next time. Okay so next up we have Morphine Love Dion and she's doing the catacombs in Paris. I loved this look. I think it's really cool and very conceptual. The skulls, the prosthetic. I did actually see on Instagram and I did mention this in my Patreon and YouTube member exclusive video from the Roscoe's that Q from season 16 made the outfit. Not the prosthetic but the outfit so that's kind of cool that her season 16 sister did this. I loved this look though. The candelabra on her head and everything. Everything was just on point. Really cool. Definitely a yay. In the Have Your Say poll 87.1% voted yay so I think you liked this. 10.4% for just okay and then 2.5% for nay. After that we have Lucky Stars. I think it's a cool cool outfit this is obviously inspired by french art and you've got she's like a living painting with all these different bits on her i will say i really liked the creativity they did mention this at roscoe's as well but i did think that for example when she turned around and you could see the panty it did look slightly unfinished and also my other thing is this is quite a similar silhouette in a lot of ways to her design challenge that she did in effectively having this big sort of hoop thing around her waist and like because it was like a donut and then this time it's the the artist palette. So it wasn't my favorite, but I do think the creativity is amazing. So I probably would give it a just okay. In the Have Your Say poll, you were obviously less harsh than me. Maybe I'm just nasty. Probably. 67.2% for yay, 22.2% for just okay, and 10.6% for nay. After that, we had Mystique Summers, and she was doing a Charlize Theron in the J'adore commercial. I can see the inspiration behind it. My thing with this dress is, and I think they've said this before with Mystique, but her dresses often have some sort of like the way that it hits her or the length that it is doesn't quite work. I think because she's got this, I guess, underskirt that you can see quite visibly. And then obviously the rest of it underneath is sheer. It just is like slightly odd. I think either she should have had it all the way down or it should have just been one color. But to me, the only thing I could focus on was there was this hard line in the skirt or dress, I guess. Other than that, I think it's actually quite nice, a little bit simple perhaps, but compared to the others it was not as good so I'd have to give it probably a just okay bordering into a nay. In the Have Your Say poll you were obviously more harsh than me. 70.4% for nay so did not like it. 26.7% for just okay and then only 2.9% for yay. And after that we had A'keria C. Davenport doing Josephine Baker. I really loved this outfit. Obviously Josephine Baker with the bananas, that's an iconic reference. I thought the way she did it was really cool. We've seen stuff a little little bit like this on Drag Race before, but never anything quite this elaborate. The way it was done, the colour, the pop of colour was great. No one tell Nymphia Wind that this exists because she would be straight on that because of bananas, obviously. I loved this a lot. I thought it was really fun. In the Have You Say poll, 70.8% of you voted for yay. I actually thought it'd be more than that. 25.8% for just okay. So over a quarter, which I was a little bit surprised at, and then 3.4% for nay. And finally, we have Morgan McMichaels, who was doing Joan of Ark. Now we've had Joan of Arc style things before, obviously with the sword, but I really liked this interpretation. The fact that she had the spoons and the cutlery and all that kind of stuff actually on the dress. I do think maybe there was a little element of some of the placement of it, or I don't know, there was something about it that maybe could have been elevated a tiny bit, but I did like the outfit. The hair for me was the best bit though, because it was such a cool, unusual shape. The sword was great. I still would give it a yay, but it was maybe a softer yay than some of the others. Morgan actually got more than Akeria did, which I'm not sure I agree with, but she got 71.3% for yay. I agree it was a yay, but I think Akeria's yay should have been more of a yay, if that makes sense. 26.5% for just okay, and then 2.2% for nay. So I asked you "Whose Paris France Renouet gets the slay" as in the best one, and you voted 46.1% for Morphine Love Dion. And between the others, it was actually pretty evenly split. But Dawn did come out second with 15.2. And then it was Lucky Stars with 13.6. I agree. I loved Morphine so much because it was such a departure from what she would normally do. So it was really surprising. But it was beautifully done. Kind of spooky and weird, but really cool. I loved it. It looked like something from a movie. You know, like Beauty and the Beast brought to life. Or something like a French version of Beauty and the Beast. Beauty and the Beast. There you go. So I definitely would give it to Morphine for the slay. So we find out that the top two for this week are Dawn and Morgan. I asked you in the Havill Say poll, do you agree with the top two? Interestingly, 57.2% said no. So the majority of you did not agree. And then 42.8% for yes. So of that majority that did say no, I said, who do you think should have been the top two? And you voted for Ekeria and Morgan. So you'd have swapped out Dawn for Ekeria. Now, I'm a bit surprised by this because in the Have Your Say poll for this, Who Gets the Slay for the Home Spooky Network thing, you voted for Dawn. So I don't know why people are then not voting for her to be in the top two. Because if you think she was the best in the challenge, to me, that means that you should be in the top two because the challenge, I think, is worth a lot more than the runway. And her runway was also good. I do agree with Dawn being in the top. I did really like A'keria, though. I guess A'keria and Morgan, maybe because they were pairs. Maybe it was fairer to put pairs together. to be in the top two rather than taking people from different groups, so I can see that, but personally I did think Dawn deserved it. So Dawn and Morgan then lip-synced to the song Zombie Boy by Lady Gaga, and the winner is announced as Dawn, which means that she gets the extra point for winning the lip-sync. In the Have Your Say poll, I asked who do you think won the lip-sync in your opinion, and you actually went against what happened in the episode because you said 63.3% for Morgan and then only 36.7% for Dawn. so because it actually gets very close with the points, it comes down to obviously the eliminated queens. So basically the bottom four who didn't go through or maybe won't go through, as we'll find out. They obviously it comes down to who they give their MVQ point to to see who actually will get the most points. Because remember, only two queens go through to the semis. So we find out Dawn definitely goes through, but then it actually ends up being a tie between Akeria and Morgan. So RuPaul, and I feel like this was kind of predictable, RuPaul said that she would be making the final decision. So between Morgan and Akeria, RuPaul votes for Akeria to go through to the semi. So it's going to be Dawn and Akeria going through from bracket one. I asked you in the Have Your Say poll, who would you give your MVQ point to? And it was actually interesting because two queens dominated this. So Morgan came out with 34.2% and Akeria came out with 33.9%. And then the others all had pretty small portions, but Dawn came out third with 13.6. I don't want to sound like Natalie Imbruglia, but I am a bit torn. Because I really like both Morgan and Akeria and I think they both did equally well. I think Dawn definitely deserved to go through because she was in the top literally every week, deservedly so. I did think Morgan was going to go through more from the storyline of her kind of redemption from All Stars 3, but I guess Akeria on All Stars 6 left and didn't come back for the the lip-sync so you could say that was also a redemption. I guess A'keria probably had the storyline of being the one who was helping the most queens maybe so I guess I agree with her going through. And finally I asked you to vote out of five stars one to five one being the least five being the most how much you enjoyed bracket one and the average rating was 3.73 stars. Now if we look at the distribution of the votes four star got the most with well over half then it was three star, then five star, then two star, and basically none for one star. I personally would agree if I had to give it a star rating, I probably would give it a four. I would give it a three and a half, but I never agree with half points. Don't ask me why, I just don't. So I think I'd give it a four because it was fine and it was interesting, but it just felt so short. And I don't think there was one particular moment that kind of grabbed me, but the overall level of drag was good. We also find out that it's not over for the four kind of eliminated queens, because as happened last year, there is going to be a thing where the main judges get to pick a wild card from the eliminated queens from all of the brackets to come through back to the semis. So I mentioned last week my special poll, and I know you all want to get your hands on my big special poll, but I asked my patrons and my YouTube members who would they want as their wild card, and my Patreons voted 91% for Morgan McMichaels and then only 9% for Morphine. And my YouTube members followed suit, although not quite as extreme, but still extreme. Morgan McMichaels got 86% and then Morphine got 14%. And I would agree. I definitely think if there's going to be a wild card, it has to be Morgan, given that I think she was probably third in the ranking with obviously Akeria and Dawn being one and two, not necessarily in that order, but Morgan would have been the third. so I think it definitely has to go to Morgan as the wildcard. And if you want to get your hands around my special poll, I mean on my special poll to vote obviously, then you can become a Patreon member or a YouTube member and you get loads of amazing benefits like early access, exclusive content that I don't post on YouTube, etc, etc. And there'll be links to both of those in the description. Okay, so let's move on to the comments for this week. There were a lot of comments this week, so I'm going to have to try and get through them a bit quick like. So to start my Patreon comments, The first kind of theme of these is about Morgan and Akeria, particularly having this friendship and dominating the bracket. So my patron Nicky Ray said, Morgan and Akeria giving each other points regardless of the ranking was so sisterly. My patron Max was saying, I didn't go into this bracket expecting it to be so strong, but I was pleasantly surprised. And talked about Dawn and Akeria being overshadowed, perhaps by bigger personalities on their original season. So it's nice to see them shine now, which I agree with. And my patron Oxymoron kind of picked up on, I think what a lot of us picked up on, that it felt like there was a little bit of rigory involved in making sure that the points were in such a way that there was going to be a tie between Morgan and Akeria because otherwise it would be really boring if two queens just got all the votes and then it was obvious who was gonna win. So yeah, I did think like, that's very interesting that RuPaul said that she would cast the deciding vote in the event of a tie and then there just so happened to be a tie. But let me know what you think, whether that's a conspiracy theory or not. There were also a lot of comments about Dawn and for example, my Patreon Sue said, I love that Dawn is moving on. She's so sweet, classy and sassy. Again, my nickname in prison. Because you're a slut. And my Patreon Debs actually did say this and said Morgan is my pick for the returning queen. She really impressed me. I really liked Morgan in this bracket. I think she came across really well and it was a great redemption from All Stars 3. Okay, moving on to my YouTube members. So my YouTube member Laura said, Agree with cringe episode, not my favorite. This is because I think in the actual comments on the YouTube post, which is where I post the link to vote in the poll, I don't usually use those comments unless you're a YouTube member. I only use the votes that are in the actual Google form that's listed. But a lot of people were saying they felt this episode was cringe. And I think Dawn mentioned this at Roscoe's as well, that a lot of people felt this episode was cringe. I guess the actual challenge was a little bit weird. I don't know if I would say it was cringe. The only cringe thing to me was Lucky and Mystique's scene because it was just a little bit weird. But other than that, I'm not sure I'd say it was cringe. I just think they could have done the challenge a bit better. I think it should have been more improv rather than scripted. But on a similar topic, a lot of the people in the Have Your Say Google Form comments, someone said, for example, what the F was that challenge? Yikes. So a lot of people obviously didn't like the challenge. Someone else was kind of going on what I said earlier, was saying I was really hoping for a Morgan A'keria top two to move on. I felt bad for Morgan because she really deserved to move on. And then again, someone said Morgan should be a shoo-in for that wild card spot, right? She deserves it. And I think that was quite a big topic. And I can't see that it's going to be anyone else from that bracket, to be honest. So I think Morgan will go through. But let me know in the comments what you think about bracket one overall. Did you enjoy it? And also, how does it live up to bracket one from the last All Stars? Okay, so we're now going to move on to some recent drama to do with Tina Burner calling out Mistress Isabelle Brooks. As we know, Tina and Mistress were both on the same bracket of All Stars 10 together, and they have a long-standing beef which started before All Stars 10 had even aired. As they mentioned on All Stars 10, Mistress had made a meme out of a picture of Tina in a rainbow wig and was making fun of her, and Tina wasn't happy about it at the time, and they argued about it on All Stars 10 when Mistress brought it up. During that argument, Tina said Mistress slid into her DMs, but Mistress said that wasn't true and she wanted to see the receipts. So after the episode aired, Tina actually posted screenshots of her DMs, showing that Mistress had DM'd her twice in April 2024 saying, LMAO I love you and the eyes emoji. Tina tweeted these screenshots and said, Show me the receipts, she slid into my DMs and she tagged Mistress. Mistress then retweeted this and said, the way I sent the eyes, because I heard she was going to be on All Stars 10 LMAO, I told y'all I am the TMZ of drag. There was also a moment on All Stars 10 when Mistress said Tina had said something behind the other queen's backs, but Tina said that Mistress was lying. Then, in episode 5, there was the infamous moment Mistress and Jorgeous tricked Kerri Colby and Nicole Paige Brooks into giving them their MVQ points, but didn't give them back in return. So there was clearly some bad blood between Mistress and the other queens, including Tina. Tina, Kerri and Nicole were all eliminated, whereas Mistress moved on to the semifinals. After the episode aired, Tina, Kerri and Nicole did joint interviews where they spoke about how they felt Mistress had played the game, and they said they hoped Mistress did not win All Stars 10, and they hoped that she would get, "humiliated" because she deserved it. So that's just the background of why Tina and Mistress have an ongoing feud. Well, very recently, Tina did an interview with Chisme Uncut Uncut where she called out Mistress and revealed even more things about what happened off camera on All Stars 10. Tina was asked if she had any stories about Mistress being a nightmare on set. "Mistress was so a f***ing nightmare off set." Tina started by talking about her design challenge win on All Stars 10 and what Mistress's reaction to that was. When I won the design challenge, Mistress was so turned by it. She was so mad about it. Mind you, you didn't see me cutting out Mistress's dress for her. But Mistress, when we got out of that, we got into the van and she lost her s***. She was in the van like screaming. She was like, if I f***ing get in the top of the next one, I am not going to lip-sync. I'm not going to do anything because this place is f***ing bulls***. And she like went off, went off, went off, cut to, She was in the top of the next challenge and acted like nothing happened. She's just all talk. She's a lot of bulls***. Tina also said she had heard rumors about stuff that went down after the merge, as in the semifinals. And there may potentially be a backstage reason as to why Mistress got eliminated before the finale. And she was so worse off. And if you talk to the other girls that stayed there, there's so many rumors about what actually went down after the merge happened and why she was sent home. but I don't need to talk about that because it's not my story to tell. But I will say she was just a nightmare. Tina also addressed whether she will ever reconcile with Mistress. Do you see any reconciliation in the future? It doesn't need to be. Yeah. I don't respect her. Really? And if I don't respect you, I don't need to associate myself. Tina finished by saying that Mistress could change and that some of that behavior comes with age because Tina admits that she was a, "monster" when she was in her 20s and she didn't get her life together until her 30s, so she can't fully blame Mistress, but she said Mistress was still a nightmare on set. And I'll link to the full clip from Chisme Uncut's TikTok in the description if you want to watch the full thing. This interview clip of Tina then went viral on social media, and not long after, Mistress posted two tweets that seemed to be in reference to Tina. These tweets seem to have since been deleted, but there were screenshots posted on the rpdr drama subreddit, which is where I got them from. The first tweet from Mistress said, There's a certain All Stars 10 brick who keeps taking shots at me in every interview they do. I'm glad I've given your career a revival, but consider this your warning shot before I give my reply. Some of us know the real reason that PV residency was chopped. Tread lightly. I looked into this, and in terms of the PV residency part, I think this refers to Tina's long-running residency at the Palm Cabaret in Puerto Vallarta in Mexico, where she's been performing for several years. From what I can find, Tina's most recent show there is called Boob Tube, and according to the official venue website, the Boob Tube show is at the sister venue Coco Cabaret, and it ran throughout April 2026, with the last one listed on the 29th of April. So I'm not sure what Mistress meant when she said that the residency had been "chopped" because I couldn't find anything about that, but there may be more to the story and I may have just missed something, but for now that's all I could find. Mistress also posted another follow-up tweet which has since been deleted which said: "Anyway, I'm actively working on being a better person by trying to learn to let go of things instead of feeling like I have to always get even with someone. That person knows who they are and they know that I have been very kind as to not open my mouth about their personal business. I would like the same respect. Talk about things that happen on TV, but don't get in the way of my public perception as far as it comes to my professionalism and work. I don't play about my money." As I said earlier, both of these tweets were then deleted by Mistress fairly quickly, but the screenshots are still circulating online. And as far as I'm aware, as of time of recording this video, Tina has not directly responded to Mistress's now deleted tweets, so we'll have to wait and see if any further information comes out about this in the future. And finally we're going to talk about a little bit of drama to do with Onya Nurve breaking her silence about dropping out of kinky boots. Just as some background information, back in July 2025 it was announced that season winner Onya Nurve would be playing Lola in the North American tour of Kinky Boots, which was a big deal because this was a major Broadway production. But then, in November 2025, the production confirmed Onya was no longer with the company and that her understudy would be taking the role. No reason was given at the time, which led to a lot of speculation from the fandom. Onya did do a short interview with Pride in February, where she said that she walked away from the role due to "artistic misalignment" and that she still hoped to play Lola one day if the show ever went back to Broadway. But that was all she said publicly, and she didn't go into any specifics about what actually happened, so fans were left guessing. At the time, because Onya had previously made some comments about how you shouldn't take opportunities unless they pay, Here's my thing children, if it don't make money, sometimes it don't make sense. And you ain't about to be up sitting and twirling for 20 people for $50 seven days a week because you know what? That ain't gonna make you s***. So if you ain't trying to get on Drag Race and make thousands of dollars like we make it, hang it up Pookie. She was accused of discrediting local artists and that she had become big-headed since winning Drag Race. And Onya later received criticism because of this on social media, so she clarified what she meant by it. So when it was announced that she was no longer in kinky boots, some people felt like Onya was probably being a diva or that it was somehow her fault. Well, this week, Onya finally opened up about the full story. she appeared on the High Key podcast with Yvie Oddly and Ryan Mitchell and went into detail about what happened with Kinky Boots. Onya started by saying that Kinky Boots was the biggest wrench in her reign and that she'd taken time before talking about it because she needed to wrap her head around the fact that she wasn't going to be doing it anymore. And the only issue was once we got closer to Tech Week, because I'm playing a drag queen and a man, right? I was like, now who in this building is going to be helping me with make-up? Because I know y'all don't think I'm doing it myself to y'all because I gotta go from man to woman, no woman to man, back to man, back to woman. She asked a lot of people for advice including Bob the Drag Queen, Jinkx Monsoon and Jamal Sims and she got mixed responses. Jamal even told her not to take the role. It being a non-equity tour, these are where the budgets of things fall off. But this wasn't discussed upon me accepting this role, which I didn't even know this was something that I needed to ask before doing the role, since this was my first time doing something like this. Girl! What I think they really tried to capitalize on the fact that I was a drag queen, they probably thought that I would be more than happy. They were paying me $2,000 a week. You think I was doing this because of the money? Onya also said she felt like she was not being listened to and the production was trying to "little girl" her. And then just five days before opening night, they pulled her into the office and told her they were moving on without her. Onya also said she was nervous how she'd be perceived after announcing she was no longer going to be in the show and she was worried that she was going to be labeled as a difficult queen. So everyone advised her to stay quiet and not say anything, even though she said she really wanted to talk crap about production. And since this podcast came out, a lot of people have sympathized with Onya and said they can understand why she decided not to do it, and it also somewhat ended the speculation that it was somehow her fault. I'll also link to the full podcast episode in the description if you want to watch the full thing, because it was really interesting. But as I always say, please do not send hate to any of the people involved. These videos are just intended to keep you up to date with what's happening in the world of Drag Race. So please consume this type of content responsibly. So there you go. There was the Have Your Say for RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars 11 Episode 3. Let me know what you thought of All Stars 11 so far. And what are your hopes for the other two brackets? If you'd like to get early access to my videos as well as extra content that's not on YouTube and also having your comments featured in my Have Your Say videos, please consider checking out either my Patreon, which is my main platform, or if you want a more convenient option, you can also join as a YouTube member. There is a join button under every video, and you get amazing benefits, and it does support the channel, so please consider it. And there'll be links to that in the description. I'd also like to say thank you so much to my amazing, amazing Patreon members. You are the lifeblood of this channel. You are the mother, the father. You are everything in between. Thank you so much. I love you so much. Thank you so much for your incredible support. Please make sure you like and comment on these videos to help boost them in the algorithm and promote them to more people. Please make sure you smash that subscribe button because you'll get notified when I post more videos and it does really help the channel grow. Thank you so much for watching and I hope you'll join me in the future for some more Drag Race gossip, secrets and drama. Bye. you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DragTeaServed [8 likes]: *Did you think this episode was 'cringe'? 

➡Join my Patreon for exclusive benefits: https://www.patreon.com/dragteaserved
➡Or join my YouTube membership by clicking the 'Join' button or here: https://www.youtube.com/dragteaserved/join
  2. @chrisk5985 [2 likes]: Dawn was given the Minj treatment this episode, but y'all don't want to admit it because she's cute, skinny, and popular.
  3. @lerdog [2 likes]: I'm so surprised by how many people didn't get Lucky's reference. She's supposed to be a hydnellum peckii, a type of fungi that looks like it's bleeding. Was it a weird choice? YES, but the reference wasn't that confusing lol
  4. @mataflores4683 [2 likes]: dawn did her thing but i do think production pushed her through this last episode, she did not win that last episode.
Also why do i get the vibe ur fanbase is sort of racist 🙊
  5. @bugginonthewall [1 likes]: Are we still bad girls if we’ve watched all your Roscoe’s? Or are we on the good girl list? LOL! 🤭❤️😂
  6. @julieetsky [1 likes]: As a French, the French Claw-dine Poussay had me cackling 😂😂👌✨
  7. @jestanil_lusion [1 likes]: I dunno...hard to trust the queen who stole materials from the girl who was helping her and was unapologetic about it.
  8. @Chris_At_Odecigu [1 likes]: is it Kosher? LOL
  9. @spooky_poookie69: lets just say that tina got her residency chopped becuase ALEGEDLY she was going after guys under 18 👀👀👀👀
  10. @coconutshook: i dislike it when girls trying to be messy but deleted their tweets. like?? grow a pair lol
  11. @czarekdomeracki182: Another great video, thank you for your hard work. I love listening to your videos and have all the recent dramas covered, since not every Drag Race podcast covers them.
  12. @coconutshook: ok furry intro... werk.
  13. @princessdewy4011: eww so sassy
  14. @ebdgr: 1:42 💀 


...:_Party:
  15. @graf_ofish: Tina is so offensive
  16. @MisunderstoodWeirdo: The PV Residency rumor is that Tina Burner was hooking up with minors and that's why she was let go.
  17. @KaioShin26: Did Mostress had Tina burner on Mistress Mondays way after All Stars 10? They seemed okay with each other…. And it’s the same drama about the wig…
  18. @aliciasimmons8473: DAM!! Q what an amazing outfit wow but not surprised she can turn a look
  19. @hannahlovescats91: 1:45 I love Morgan's hat 💙💚
  20. @Wwillow1992: The French voice reminds me of Saison from MPGIS 😆 

Are you really from Canada?!

- TikToker's Controversial Angel Tree Video Results In Huge Backlash: Kind: captions Language: en Right. So, this time last year, we spoke about a situation involving angel trees. For those of you who don't know, angel trees are run by the Salvation Army, and it's where families in need can write down these like Christmas wish lists, and then people who want to donate can actually make the purchases for the children. It's a lovely way to help families in need, and specifically for the children, right? So, they can get what they want for Christmas. But over the past couple of years, there definitely has been some situations that have went viral on Tik Tok where Tik Tockers make videos showing what they're going to be donating and then it becomes this big situation due to what's in the videos. Now, the most recent case of this is from a user called be the change you wish to see. Now, this username has actually been changed. It wasn't this at the time. At the time, I believe the username was like it's cookie dough, but it's been changed and actually all the videos have been wiped. Now, we do actually have a bunch of reuploads to look through here. Now, the first re-upload is from a user called Michelle Tiller, who actually re-uploaded the first original video. I mean, we can see here what the username was originally, right? It's Cookie Do. So, I'm probably just going to say Cookie Do this because I'm not sure what like her real name is. So, um yeah, if you hear me say Cookie Do, that's what I'm referring to. But either way, the video starts off with it's Cookie Door saying that they're going to be buying for Angel Tree and goes on to talk about the list that they were given. Says it's a hefty list. Says there's a minimum of $30 to which it's Cookie Door says, "Okay, we're going to target $30." shopping Christmas angels. So, let's go shopping. We're going to do a little reverse because obviously I'm a shopping girl. So, let's find some Barbies. As you can tell, she gave us a hefty list. So, let's see what we can do. They said to spend at least $30. So, we're going to aim for $30. So, straight away, this was a part of the video that a lot of people had a problem with because it said to spend at least $30, which we'll later find out in a response video. It's Cookie Door says that she was told to spend like $25 plus tax, I believe, from one of the people at the stand, but I'm not sure. Maybe it was on on the actual note. I'm not sure. But the fact that she read to spend at least $30 and then said, "Okay, we're going to hit $30." is something that people have a problem with because they're saying it's not like a target. Like you have to just spend $30. It's a minimum. And as we'll see as this video plays, $30 isn't enough to buy all the things on the list. >> She definitely wants a Barbie doll, but my thing is I don't know what ethnicity she is. I don't know her skin color. So, I really don't know what kind of doll to get her. >> Yeah. >> What is Baby Alive? What is Sparkle Brown? What is Baby Alive shampoo? Like [music] this aisle is nothing but Barbies. I don't know what >> we're We're boy parents. [laughter] >> Yeah. So again, as the video carries on, like it's clear like they don't really know what many of the things on the list are. There was a Barbie doll in the list, but it's Cookie Doll points out this off-brand doll. She calls it in the video and says that she might just get that instead. >> So I bet you this is like the off brandand baby a lot because the packaging is almost identical. All right. So, I think we're going to go with this one because >> it covers like three ethnicities. >> It's only $10. Yeah. You don't know what ethnicity she is, so she's fine. >> And it has underpants and a headband outfit and pacifier. So, and it's only $10. So, we're going to do this so we can get her some more stuff. >> We then hear that there's some other stuff on the list, which is Cookie Do saying like she doesn't really know what it is, so she's just going to go down the doll route instead. So, as I'm reading this, it's like it's a lot of stuff that you really have to like look for and know what the heck you're looking for. Like, it says Baby Alive, Shu, Snuggle Sophia, um, Barbie Dreamtopia, Mermaid, Chelsea doll, like I don't twirling Ariel toy. I don't even know. Feel bad, but I figured we should just do the baby doll route. I mean, that's simple, right? >> Right. >> You're so right. She then picks out some other stuff that isn't on the list, but it equals about $30, so she says she's going to leave it there. All right, you guys. I genuinely think we should do this with a stroller and the little like doll carrier. >> What do you guys think? >> What do you think? >> Yep. >> I think so. It's $34. >> Call it a day. Now, her husband actually looks online and finds the doll that was actually on the list and he is wanting to get that doll to which it's Cookie Door saying that she just wants to get the stuff that they've already found. But then they agree to buy the doll, but say that the person's only going to get one present. >> Okay. So, Jordan looked up the Snuggle Sophia Sparkle Brown and he said that's exactly what she wants. So, he's thinking we should just get that. Call it a day. >> And I was thinking you should get all of that, but I don't know. You What do you want to do? You signed up for it. >> All right. That's it. She's going to get one present to open on Christmas. >> So, basically, just watching this video, you would assume that the angel tree list had like multiple items on it. They kind of struggled, didn't really know what to get, and then decided to just get one doll instead. And I mean, they even end it by saying like, "Okay, she's only going to have one present to open at Christmas." So, that is how people took the video. Now, the reason I'm saying it like that is because, as we'll hear in the response video, it's Cookie Dos basically saying like she went home and she actually ordered more stuff and it just wasn't shown in the video. And she even goes as far to say like people shouldn't jump to conclusions which I do think is a bit bizarre because like she posted the video so obviously people are going to take it how you made it seem in the video. But like I said when we get to the response it does look like she didn't just get one item which is obviously a good thing. Now with the video being deleted we can't really look at the comment section. Although a user called Ria the Last Dragon has actually uploaded a video where she does look through some of the comments. So looking at some of the ones that Ria shows here we've got some comments like a girl get them the whole list. At one point, didn't people give you an Amazon wish list for your boy? Just saying. Yeah. So, apparently, I don't know this for a fact, like I said, all the videos have been removed, but apparently it's Cookie Do had like uh Amazon wish list where people could buy things for her son. There's another comment here saying, "One gift is crazy." To which it's Cookie Do replies saying, "So is not donating." Another comment here saying, "Why do people get a ticket if they can't afford it? That's the whole point of the ticket to get something for a child who doesn't have the needs met. So, why take the ticket if you're worried about how much you're spending?" Uh, I'm so annoyed. to which it's Cookie Door replied saying, "Well, don't be annoyed. Go buy some angels and give them the Christmas they deserve. Be the example." And then another comment here saying, "Thanks for being an example of what not to do for angel trees this Christmas." To which it's Cookie Door replies saying, "Actually, the example would be to not donate, but you're welcome." Now, again, we obviously can't look at the comment section here, but there isn't any comments that reassures this video showing it's Cookie Door saying, "Well, actually, I did buy more items when I got home." Which I feel like when she saw the response to this video, probably would have been the right time to be like, "Oh, no, I did buy some more, right? I just didn't show it in the video." And again, when we actually get a response video, she does show a screenshot that does make it seem as if she did actually buy more items before even posting this video. So, I don't understand why it wasn't mentioned, especially when you started getting the reaction because people are obviously going to base their opinions on what they're actually shown, right? If they're not told about the the extra stuff, they're not going to know. And it did actually result in a bunch of response videos as well. Like, for example, we have one here from a user called Nikki Colette. I want to be careful how I phrase the things that I'm about to say because I don't want to attack anybody. But I saw this video and I immediately saw right through it. You started this video out by saying that there is a $30 minimum for this foster child because from the angel tree list and you immediately say, "So, we're going to get we're going to aim for $30, the bare minimum." Okay. You proceed to say how she's got a lot of things on these list and she's very specific. Um, that's what they were told to do is to give a list of the things that they asked for. Then you proceed to act like you're going to get all these different things and you put on the show just to give her one single gift that is $30. God forbid you spend the extra $10 to get the stroller or the extra $20. You made more money on your views for this video than you'd even think about spending on two of these foster kids. >> We also have another video here from a user called Delila Lynn in which he says that it's Cookie Do's video just pissed her off. Really, >> this whole video just kind of I don't know, pissed me off, rubbed me the wrong way a little bit. I don't know if it's just me or not, but um if you're doing Angel Tree and you [snorts and clears throat] can't get everything that's on that kid's list, put the ticket back. Leave it there for somebody else who can get everything that that kid wants for Christmas. >> I know this is where we get to it's Cookie Door's response to this whole situation where she uploaded two videos that I can see. Again, they've all been removed so it's hard to tell, but I found two reuploads. The first reupload being from a user called Georgia who shows it's Cookie Door's video where she says that people need to understand like the true meaning of Christmas. I have seen so many videos about people regretting doing an angel tree and I would read the comments and it will have the truth because I posted an angel tree video. I got so many comments about this saying don't put the time back if you can't buy everything. Put it back. Okay, first of all, y'all need to go watch Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas again and figure out the true meaning of Christmas. Let's get that straight. Okay. >> And it's at this point where Cookie Door says that people jump to conclusions and shows that she did end up purchasing more for the list. Second, it is so funny when I see people come on Tik Tok, come on videos in general and jump to conclusions. So, let me just post something real quick on my greens. Okay, what do we have here? We have one, two, three items all that were on that little girl's list. Okay, wait a second. Hold on. I got something better. Look at the date. Picked up November 10th. >> Okay, so we can see some of her items that she bought, right? So, the Barbie Dreamtopia Mermaid Chelsea doll, which was on the list, Baby Alive shampoo, which was on the list, and a Lego Disney Princess Ariel toy, which twirling Ariel. Yeah, so she says twirling Ariel in the video. So, I assume that's the same thing. And as we also saw, she says that she picked it up on November 10th, which it does say on the screenshot. And it's Cookie Do says the original video was posted on November 11th. So, she picked it up before posting the original video. Again, the original video is taken down, so I actually can't confirm for 100% fact that's the date it was uploaded, but that's what she's saying. But by the looks of it, she did end up purchasing the stuff on the list, which again is a very good thing. But as we'll hear in this video, it's Cookie Do is very upset with the fact that people like judged the original video. And that bit confuses me a little bit because that is all that people knew, right? That is all it's Cookie Do mentioned was the original video. Like saying stuff like, "Okay, you're only going to get one present for Christmas." Saying stuff like, "Okay, we're only going to spend $30." So, of course, people are going to base their opinions on what they actually know. But let's hear what she has to say. Right. So, she starts off by saying that you shouldn't criticize people who are trying to help others. >> People who are going out of their way to help other people who can't do something for their kids. Um, let's not judge them. How about that? Let's not critique them. And especially, let's not critique if you're not doing it as well. So, I hope that every single one of your angels that you guys said negatively about my own angels make out better than the three toys that I got her and the remote control car and the soccer ball and whatever else he got. Because I told him, I said, "You're going to finish this because you're the one who signed up for it." And I literally said in the video, I was like, "I just picked out three items for this little girl. You said it you didn't want to get those." So, I was like, "You figure it out." Sure enough, he did. November 10th, today as well. >> Yeah. So, what she's explaining here is that it was her husband's idea to purchase for this angel tree and she's making it very clear that it wasn't her idea. So, she said to her husband like, "You need to fulfill it." To which he did. Now, this next part in the video is definitely a part that rubbed a lot of people the wrong way because it's Cookie Do goes on to say that if these kids are really in like needs like people say that they are, they should be grateful anyways. And if they're not grateful, it's on them or their upbringing. >> Like guys, first of all, if these kids are truly in as much need as you guys are saying that they are, they would be grateful for anything. And they're like, they probably get off brandand stuff all the time. This is their one time out of the year to get stuff. Okay, that's great. At the end of the day, they're going to be grateful for whatever they have. And if they're not, that's on them and their upbringing. Like, you can't I grew up poor. Have y'all had the electric turned off? Okay. Have you had to brush your teeth with a gallon of water? I know what it's like to grow up poor. Okay. >> Yeah. Like I mentioned, that is definitely the part of the video that people had the most problem with. I mean, if we look at the comment section here, there's people writing comments like in quotations on them and their upbringing. The foster kids who don't have a solid upbringing. Another comment here saying, "We don't need to buy them their own food. If they're really hungry, they'll be happy with our leftovers." A comment here saying, "Like their children with nothing. What upbringing are you scolding them for?" Someone's actually left a screenshot of a comment that it's cookie don't reply to, which of course can't say anymore cuz it's been removed. But the original comment said, "Yeah, no, it was 100% your attitude and that's why you're getting backlash, saying you're spending $30, the bare minimum price, and saying that they should be grateful for the bare minimum because that's not what Christmas is about." And then we can't see the rest of the comment, but it's Cookie response saying, "If you got zero presents last year and got to get some this year, wouldn't you be thankful?" And now the final video we have here is a re-upload uploaded by a user called McKenzie J. We can actually see that she's put the comment from it cookie door that we just read a second ago on screen with an arrow. And it says, "This lady has me so pissed, especially her comment, if you were starving and someone gave you crumbs, would you be thankful?" And in this video, it's cookie kind of explains the same thing, saying like she did end up buying like more items when she got home. She does actually respond to people questioning like, "Why didn't you mention that in the original video?" So, we had already gotten the little girl's items off of her list um before that video was even posted. Before you guys even knew, we went angel Christmas tree shopping. Okay, so this is my plan. Oh, you didn't include that in the comments. I shouldn't have to. If somebody is donating their own money in their own time, I shouldn't have to clarify what all I bought. Like, since when did it become such a stigma for angel? Like, you have to buy everything off the list. This is what discourages people from actually donating. And this is why trees are left so full because people are like, "If you cannot buy everything off the list, then you don't need to get anything at all. Put it back." So the T can just sit there. >> Now, finally, it's Cookie Door ends this video by saying that she wants this to be a lesson for people watching the video to like not jump the gun in situations like this. >> And just let this be a lesson to you guys. Like, quit jumping the gun on social media. Don't worry, Lance. Like, you guys are so quick to attack and judge, but that's okay. You want to drop my name through the dirt. when I post my videos when I talk about who I am and how I can't afford income raise, but I did the $30 minimum $25 before tax. But maybe you guys can be the example and do more. I already have the link in my bio, too, for the Salvation Army for you to look up your local Salvation Army so you can donate double, triple, quadruple, please. >> Now, of course, like I mentioned, since posting these videos, the entire profile on Tik Tok has actually been wiped. The their name's been changed. All the videos have been deleted. So, I'm not really sure what's happening at this point. If maybe it's Cookie's going to come back and release a new video, I'm not sure. From what I can tell, from what I'm seeing here, it's Cookie Do's original video was posted on November 11th. But the majority of the response videos I'm seeing have been posted within the last day or so. So, I think the actual reaction, like the big reaction is a very recent thing. But with that all being said, I would love to know your thoughts in the comment section down below on everything that we spoke about today's video. Do you think that the response was warranted? Do you feel like it wasn't? Just let me know all your thoughts in the comments section down below and I'm going to leave it there. So, if you did enjoy, please leave a like, subscribe if you are new, and until the next one, I'll see you guys in a bit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jesussavesfromhell9320 [1 likes]: John 14:6 Jesus said to him,  "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me.
1 Corinthians 15:3 that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, and that He was buried, and that He rose again the third day according to the Scriptures. 
Romans 10:9 that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved.
  2. @paulawalls3329: Makes me so sad. My kids got angel tree and they were happy with what they got. But also the person that picked their tags new them so were able to get what they wanted.
  3. @tragene2250: If you are doing charity and want to put yourself out there kind of, look at me, type of thing, it is not charity. If you get stuff from a stranger for your child because you can not afford what they want, do not criticize.
  4. @sharoncooper3042: Why do you have to advertise the fact that u did an angel tree?  Giving can be done quietly, from the heart.
  5. @sharoncooper3042: If you don’t want to spend the money, don’t do a budget Angel tree, do something different for a child.
  6. @missab2052: i don't personally think there's anything wrong with what cookie dough actually did, as long as it fits into how the program works (maybe they tell people to 'get what you can, minimum $30', for example). i really think the problem comes up because people are posting themselves doing this 'good deed' online for all to see, and something about that fact in itself is just icky, and comes across like 'look how good i am!' the natural reaction is going to be criticism, whether you buy everything or not.
  7. @PhebeSebastianCoon: one person i saw doing angel tree right this past year was serena neel. she went above and beyond for the kids she picked. kids just asked for stuff they needed? here's what you needed AND a few toys you might like bc every kid deserves toys on christmas
  8. @bdaly03: The characters arc of her username has me absolutely GIGGLING over here - like girl, get REAL!! 🤦🏻‍♀️

“bE tHe ChAnGe YoU wIsH tO sEe…” 🙄🤢
  9. @Rosepetal0000: She can’t even hold back her seething hatred for a 2 minute TikTok😭 this woman is a piece of work
  10. @loco7357: 11:05 GIRRRLLL WHY DO YOU CARE??? Are you effing around??? 😂😂😂
  11. @Whiskin87: $30… well $25 before tax?! What a pos! This is your opportunity to make a child’s Christmas!
  12. @Mommy-Findlay: I disagree with the whole trend of filming themselves doing something charitable.
  13. @DaoistQ: I'm kinda on her side tho.
  14. @tonisjustknotright: When I volunteered to help with the Angel Tree( several years ago)  the applicants had a list of presents they could request.   Some people did not know, so guessed.   Many of the requests,( in CA), were bikes, skateboards, and scooters.   It may be easier to just donate to the program and let them do their thing.   People seem to crave drama.
  15. @Jujubee87: I just dont understand. This list doesnt mean you have to give the entire list. The necessities yes but the toys are ideas. Get 2 or even 3 items. Getting even just a few items(toys) would make that childs day and they would cherish it forever.
  16. @meghanehlers9863: It honestly feels like she used that Angel Tree child as a prop to create a “moment.” She clearly always planned to only buy the items on the list, but the way she framed the video made it seem like she was wrestling with a moral dilemma just so she could make a point or create a viral rage bait video. It comes off more like content strategy than compassion.
  17. @Kashkelly-k8k: God forbid they have another child and it’s a girl. Whatever will they do? The fact this woman was a little girl doesn’t help I guess. Weird
  18. @DonaldTatom: I worked directly with foster kids. They are truly in need. It is nice though for a dream to come true if possible, but they would be grateful. I was the kid that rarely got what I dreamed of and found contentment in the things I received even if it wasn’t what I initially hope for.
  19. @DonaldTatom: When you put your life on social media it’s absurd to get upset at the critics. You can’t please everyone all the time.
  20. @DonaldTatom: The fruit of all this is rotten which should make thinking people look harder at the true reasons people celebrate Christmas.

- Massive Backlash After SBG Exposé Video Goes Viral, Ethan Couch Released, The "Good" Paul & More...: Kind: captions Language: en Sup! You beautiful bastards, hope you're having a fantastic Monday welcome back to the Philip DeFranco show and let's just jump into it. And the first thing we're going to talk about today one of The most requested stories of the day today is this massive story around the Sinclair Broadcast Group that has just blown up. They're one of the largest broadcast groups in America they have over 190 TV stations And you may have heard about them in the past John Oliver did a piece about their "must-runs". Sinclair reportedly Regularly sends video segments that these stations have to run. They include things like the terrorism news update He's got commenters speaking in support of Trump. Right, so to many it appears like there's this obviously lean and it's being forced on these TV stations to run these pieces. Well, back in March CNN broke new is that Sinclair was going to do a mandatory push of a promo that condemns what they call "fake news" from national outlets and While CNN didn't publish a script of the promo they did publish select quotes and also internal memos about the promo. The memo also saying That "...corporate will monitor the comments and send replies to your audience on your behalf." The memo then instructs the anchors to look a-political Then describing what that looks like. Last Friday Seattle post-intelligencer? Posted the script this after our local affiliate began airing their mandatory Promos and then on Saturday this story blew up because Deadspin put out a compilation video featuring several affiliates reading the same parts of script. "More alarming some media outlets publish these same fake stories without checking facts first." -"The sharing of biased and false news has come all too common on social media... [voices overlapping - all saying the same thing] "More alarming some media outlets publish these same fake stories without checking facts first. Unfortunately, some members of the media use their platforms to push their own personal bias and agenda to control exactly what people think. And this is extremely dangerous to our democracy." Of course the big stand out of this compilation of news anchors doing a Mandatory read: "Unfortunately some members of the media use their platforms to push their own personal bias and agenda to control exactly what people think this is extremely dangerous to a democracy and so of course you have many people saying that's exactly what Sinclair Broadcast Group is doing right here. They have an agenda where they're trying to control how people think that they're pushing a Certain angle a certain bias and they're pushing this across via mandatory reads now I've also seen people say well, if those local news anchors. They don't agree with this. They don't have to say it They could leave according to some reporting it might actually be a little more complicated than that Matt Pierce Who's a correspondent for the Los Angeles time he tweeted: "A Sinclair journalist who has been trying to resist from inside the newsroom - But who does not have a union - explains why it's so hard for TV anchors to refuse the Sinclair's editorial edict they have contracts that penalize them if they quit." Then featuring screenshots of direct messages saying "Usually there's a provision in your Contract saying that if you quit you owe something along the lines of your base pay times 40% and then times whatever percentage of your contract is left And then if you've got any bonuses of any kind you pay those back. So for me that's like $5 of $6k I think what I've heard of people having to pay more and you can't cash out your vacation days and then there's usually a provision saying you can't work at another station within the same market that piers then also tweeting out a picture of The alleged contract that this person had. And also an interesting note is this is not the first time Sinclair Broadcast Group has tried to Get this message across in March of 2017 there was another must run feature this one featuring Sinclair vice president of news Scott Livingston reading what appears to be a nearly identical script to the one that recently was done But with local news hosts, appearing to try and take advantage of people's trust of their local news anchors so on the opposite end of things you also have people saying this isn't the biggest deal, pointing out that if you listen to the full promo and not just the the compilation videos that have been circulating It's ultimately about all these TV stations saying that we are striving to be the best we can. There's a place on our website called "Content Concerns" if you have issues with our reporting report it there. Fake news is a real problem. We do our work Thank you for watching and my personal takeaway from this is it's a little bit of the to the first thing I'll say is that yes it is It is a horrifying look to see all of those local anchors repeating the same script talking about all of these other places They're trying to push an agenda have bias They're trying to control what you think in a mandatory read spot from a company that has mandatory run segments right that really doesn't shout Independent and trusted cover it but at the same time it can't help, but think that this is just an incredibly obvious and apparent Example of an issue that we have with most news when I flip on TV news and I and I try to watch as many Channels as possible just to see what they're reporting how they're reporting it is hard not to see bias and agenda everywhere. Sometimes when I pop on fox news it feels like it's gotten to the point where it's almost state-run media And then you have like the CNN's and some MSNBC's of the world where it feels like they're wearing patches that say resistance on it. And obviously understand that I'm not talking about every individual anchor or contributor that is on one of those platforms right and I feel like some of that comes from people's own personal Bias that they in their head they think that they've pushed to the side and for others it seems outright intentional But it is incredibly important to remember that there is a possibility and there is a likelihood of bias and agenda And it's because ultimately that Information is coming from another human being right and fake news the topic that the big guys have mentioned themselves you hear fox news anchors Talking about fake news you have CNN there Apple is an apple commercial Everyone's buying to be your trusted source of news to be the Titan among the trash So that's my take on that as just a generally distrusting person along with this though there's also a side story between Trump and Sinclair Broadcast Group this because this morning Donald Trump tweeted "So funny to watch fake news networks among the most dishonest groups of people I Have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more fake NBC which is a total joke." So that's a thing of note especially when you pair it with two other things. One, the mandatory Fake News that's threatening our democracy read. And two, Sinclair Broadcast Group needs government approval right now specifically they need approval from the Justice Department and the FCC for a 3.9 billion dollar acquisition To buy tribune media that would expand their reach you have people accusing the group of using their control over all of these TV Stations as a way to kind of just grease the wheels along with this other deal All in all, that's where we are right now. That is a story, And I want to pass the question off to you of what is your what is your takeaway from this? Seeing the compilation video is Shocking to you is it scary to you? What does it make you think about local News, News in general? I'd love to know what you're thinking in those comments so from that. I want to share some stuff I loved today and today in awesome brought to you by DeFrancoElite. DeFrancoElite of course one of the best ways to support this Very apparently advertiser unfriendly show also a great way to support everything We're building and get exclusive and extras now early videos exclusive videos exclusive live streams exclusive access Exclusive merchandise a lot more is going to be there in the coming months if you want to check it out you want to try It out for a bit go to defrancoelite.com and subscribe the first bit of Awesome today is actually self promo awesome if you Didn't see on this channel yesterday. I uploaded a bonus video. That was the one-hour interview podcast with Sean Evans of "Hot Ones" It's a great time great video and a series I am very excited to be bringing back. If you haven't seen it I highly recommend watching it after this video and we got a trailer for "The Quiet Place which I can't wait to see and one Of my favorite April Fools things from yesterday is a Netflix put out a video about how they acquired Seth Rogen acquiring He as a person his thoughts his dreams. Even just the idea of him also on the note of fake news, I feel like unless it was something super super silly like this some of the people just making false claims It was it was harder to tell on the face of everything What was fake and what wasn't just after the past like a year and a half we've had I feel like there's been so many Moments where I was like. Oh that would never-oh it happened. It happened. Really? Interesting...okay, and so that's why yesterday. I pretty much just stayed off the internet. I was like I just don't I don't have the time for this anyway moving on we also had Aubree Plaza and Dan Stevens Hijacking a stranger's tender James Corden getting hit in slow motion by the slow mo guys If you want to see the full version to everything I just shared the secret link of the day anything at all Links is always are in the description down below. Then and a quickie requested story We had Jake Paul in the news. This because the Hollywood Reporter broke the news that Jake Paul is developing a YouTube talk show For YouTube Red. So I had people ask me what do you think about this? Can you believe that YouTube is doing this and my response is, yes, I can believe YouTube is doing this. One, despite Jake Paul having had a year of controversies after Logan Paul's whole suicide Exploitation scandal he - and I mean media outlets are actually calling him this - he has actually been identified by some Outlets now as "the good Paul" He's also done things some would say to just better his image. Videos where he tried to help hurricane victims Recently he put out that that gun reform video, so maybe there are legitimate reasons for YouTube to go, okay well He's pretty brand safe it also separate from that there are instances where it does appear that YouTube Is giving him some sort of Preferential treatment. Jake Paul seems to be in a special class of YouTube channel where he can feature pretty much just a half-naked woman in The thumbnail he's got regular ads and mid rolls on that thing, but but someone talking about their coming-out story. They're getting demonetised That's just his regular channel. The final thing I'll say is ultimately numbers move If there are enough kids that watch Jake Paul's content that can convert their accounts to YouTube Red. YouTube of course They're gonna try and go for it. Paul just needs to not kill anybody and/or feature someone That's been killed in a video for like the next six months He gets three to seven million views on every video YouTube's thinking about those conversions That said for the time being it also appears that YouTube is distancing themselves Because a spokeswoman reportedly told The Hollywood Reporter "Last year we engaged in early development deals with a handful of YouTube creators as part of Our normal process to evaluate new creative ideas. There is no series order currently in place." It's being developed the whole seasons not done deal yet, but honestly I would be shocked, shocked if YouTube didn't green-light it. Then in quickie news that will most likely leave you pissed off Ethan Couch is in the news. Couch of course was referred to as The affluenza kid which unfortunately does very much so minimize what he did if you don't remember when Couch was 16 He was incredibly drunk He was driving in fact three times over the legal limit And he ended up hitting and killing four people In addition to that he injured several others including two people that got launched from the back of the truck those two severely injured one is no longer able to move or talk due to a brain injury right so that happened and then in 2013 a judge gave him no jail time for the prosecutor saw 20 years in jail Got zero it appears that it went that way because a psychologist said the couch was a victim of affluenza It was a product of wealthy privileged parents that never set limits for him, so he didn't really know. What was wrong He's put on probation for 10 years and then like an idiot he violated that probation ended up fleeing the country went to Mexico with his mother ends up being found he sent to the US a Texas judge then gives him about two years in prison the reason even Couch is back in the news today is because today he has been released back into society Granted on probation. He'll reportedly have to wear an ankle monitor an alcohol detecting patch submit to drug testing abide by a 9:00 p.m. curfew and have a video interlock ignition device installed in his vehicle but still back out into the world after having killed Four people and massively injuring two it's usually with stories like these where people say well Phil you don't show that the images Of mass murders you don't share their names yes, but with stories like this one. It is different This isn't justice people like Ethan Couch who get away with this horrible horrible shit should never be able to lose that Association with their name Ethan Couch's in the world the Brock Turner's of the world, we should never forget those names Then let's talk about the updates and escalations about the possible International trade war. Of course in the past we talked about the 25% tariff on steel 10% on aluminum initially it was a tariff across-the-board, then it was well We're not gonna hit, Canada and Mexico. The groups that ended up being excluded included, Canada, Mexico, The European Union, Australia, Argentina, Brazil, South Korea Noticeably and purposefully China of course not on that list and so China's Ministry of Commerce said in a statement late Sunday those exemptions violated the World Trade Organization rules that prohibit members from discriminating against other World Trade Organization members also adding they hope the US government would withdraw the tariffs as soon as possible so the trading products between China and the United States would return to a normal track along with that China announced that they're imposing their own new tariffs specifically tariffs of 15% on 120 American products. This with things like fruits, nuts, wine, steel pipes also tariffs of 25% on eight other products as including pork and Recycled aluminum China is saying they're doing this in order to safeguard China's interests and balance the losses caused by the steel and aluminum tariffs specifically on pork this is something the US National Pork Producers Council actually warned what happened last month saying the previous measures would have a significant negative impact on rural America And it appears they knew this is going to happen because the u.s. Pork industry sold 1.1 billion dollars worth of products to China last year It's their third largest export market all in all it appears that the tariffs have been announced on about three billion dollars worth of products now with that said This is probably not the end of this Situation that Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin saying you know there's talking behind the scenes we're trying to get everything handled. But it's expected the Trump administration is going to announce which specific products They are going to target with China soon, and it's feared that if that happens China, then retaliate by going after soybeans, airplanes, But ultimately we're gonna have to wait and see what happens next. Then let's talk about updates around the David Hogg - Laura Ingraham Situation and also some things that have been offshoots of that situation if you don't watch ride a show I'll give you the simplified bring up to speed version Fox News host Laura Ingraham goes on Twitter She kind of mocks David Hogg of course activist Parkland Florida school shooting survivor for what she called whining that he didn't get into the schools that he wanted even with a 4.2 GPA. Hogg and others start a campaign to contact her advertisers get them to pull their advertising many do pull their advertising. Laura apologized. David Hogg does not accept that apology. More and more advertisers and continue to pull out more than it doesn't have so far the Update we're seeing now in that situation is that Laura is taking a one-week vacation. It's a really the main question We have is this a Bill O'Reilly vacation where he's really actually on his way out? Or is this more of a Sean Hannity situation where he is actually going to come back? Obviously the situation's around both It wasn't really apples to apples, but it is really a test case for how strong is the brand. I mean Hannity's brand was so strong He was able to take advertisers leaving the outrage against him as a way to get other sponsor deals so will be interesting to see what happens next also as far as what some people are calling the targeting of these parkland students and Specifically Hogg, we had Frank Stallone and Ted Nugent in the news Sylvester Stallone's younger brother tweeting: "This David Hogg pussy is getting a little big for his britches. I'm sure someone from his age Group is dying to sucker punch this rich a little bitch. Watch him run home like the coward he is. He's the worst rep for today's youth headline grabbing punk." And of course many people are outraged by this start sharing it all over the place Frank Stallone ends of deleting the tweet we had Many people saying how can you call for that this kid that you do not agree with to be attacked. You're a 67 year old man Seemingly lusting over the idea that someone younger than you will punch This kid you don't agree with. Now after a lot of the backlash like I said Stallone deletes the tweet and then he tweets "Everyone, and to David Hogg especially, I want to deeply apologize for my irresponsible words I would never in a million years wish or promote violence to anyone anywhere on this planet After what these kids went through and deeply ashamed. Please accept my apology. Frank." Which of course It'd be very easy to tear that apology apart that "I would never" hear at you're commenting on it because you actually did is it If this is a legitimate apology less than the man that you strive to be Okay, sure. I would say for me personally This is a situation if you look at Frank Stallone's normal social media Interaction levels this very much looks like an example of someone who is in their small little Twitter bubble where they can just say anything and no one cares all of a sudden getting a lot of attention they didn't expect and then Just cowering down to that mom. Then of course finally you had Ted Nugent which really and nothing from Ted Nugent really should be Surprising he said things that Hillary Clinton should be hung called Obama subhuman mongrel dome to suck his Tiger dick now He has added this beautiful quote talking about Parkland students turned activists "These poor children I'm afraid to say this and it hurts me to say this, but the evidence is irrefutable They have no soul." also referring to them and March for our lives organizers as mushy brain children And there's really not much to add there. No one's shocked Ted Nugent said that but also over the weekend We saw a different kind of outrage people angry at Joan Walsh She's a political contributor for CNN and she popped out because of Kyle Kashuv. Kyle is also a survivor of the Parkland, Florida school shooting but he did not join March for our Lives in fact he's pro-second amendment and has been very critical for March for our lives as well as the Students involved in it he tweeted out a screenshot of Walsh's likes, featuring tweets like this to Kyle saying "Shame on you I lost my daughter in this massacre this has nothing to do with ego or politics for me clearly are being handled and pushed to Take an opposing view Did you lose a family member in this? Do not judge those of us who did." Which Walsh responded, "Wow, Kyle Are you really policing who "likes" tweets from a grieving Parkland father who lost his daughter? Good luck handling your stress, Kyle." Which of course resulted in a lot of people saying WOW Walsh, are you really bullying this kid? Walsh, then seemingly tried to dismiss the reaction tweeting. "Wow my mentions are now a sewer of NRA trolls and MAGA bots. Happy Easter and/or Passover everybody!" When I look at moments like this I often wonder How did you even end up in this place? The easy response to that tweet from Kyle is my likes are not me going yes I agree Especially as someone involved in News I'm essentially hitting like to bookmark this tweet because I want to be able to showcase what people are Saying about individual situations. That's all you had to say, but instead you told a parkland, Florida school shooting survivor Good luck handling your stress I feel like this is one of those moments that we need to look out to the world and go okay so the people that Were saying you know the the March for our lives kids they were off limits or they were not off limits? Are you treating this situation, the same? Because you should if the kid, the activist, the whoever if They are all of a sudden treated differently because what they are saying fits your narrative You're a hypocrite. And it's on that note that I'm going to end this story and pass a question off to you What is your takeaway from from any and all of these instances? Do you feel like people are being hypocritical with who they are outraged for or not? Any and all thoughts on this story I'd love to know them in the comments down below That's where I'm going to end today's show and remember if you liked this video you like I'm trying to do on this channel hit That like button if you new here, hit that subscribe button Ring that bell make sure you have notifications turned on. Also if you missed the last Philip Defranco show you want to catch up click Or tap right there, or if you want to watch the conversation with Sean Evans click or tap right there But that said of course as always my name is Philip Defranco. You've just been Phill'd in. I love yo faces, and I'll see you tomorrow.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhilipDeFranco [1100 likes]: Thanks for tuning in. Let me know your thoughts on any/all the stories down below and I'll see you tomorrow. <3
Sinclair Broadcasting: (00:06), Jake Paul: (7:15) Affluenza Teen: (8:48) China Tariffs: (10:25), Hogg/Ingraham Outrage: (12:02)
  2. @RiceCracker87 [1 likes]: That edit of those identical news stories is ridiculous. We've known the news is biased for ages, let's be honest, but this is hard evidence. Not like it's gonna change anything.
  3. @camillecrow: """"""" good"""""""" paul
  4. @XenretheVague: I have a HUGE issue with Ted Nugent. I absolutely LOVE the man's music. My dad got me into his tunes and I haven't looked back since. But FUCK ME RUNNING is the man a God damned idiot. I can't stand his politics. He's bar none a perfect example of everything that is WRONG with America at its core. 

I wish he would just shut up, play guitar, and sing.
  5. @johnnyblaze8439: YouTube red biggest waste of $156 a year
  6. @marcuscadwell8574: This video was preceded by a trailer for Unfriended Dark Web, so to see that, and then see your little split screen news compilation, I almost had a heart attack. So thank you, Phil.
  7. @NikkiZollmanMUA: I do my best to watch right and left leaning stations. What's weird is that I actually get more honest information about what's going on here in America from sources that are NOT located in the USA. I watch the BBC, Aljazeera AND RT. And no, I do not have a political bias. I prefer some policies from both the left and the right.
  8. @pinv0: fun fact majority of people get there news from there local news channel -  its really sad..  we need you bro  we need you.
  9. @leonardovvvvv: So he's rich meaning the law doesn't apply to him? I'm sorry what? Am I missing something or is this now normal?
  10. @disco1974ever: How is that work contract legal???? SLAVERY
  11. @laurahenriksen19: Is it funny how some calling you  "Beautiful Bastards" can bring so much cheer hahahha
  12. @drtbke: Mainstream news is overwhelmingly left. Most bias comes from the left. But that doesn’t mean bias doesn’t exist on the right..it does. There’s just a much higher dose of it on the liberal side.
  13. @dirkdiggler4136: The whole shooting incident is horrible, what is even more horrible is one of the activist said they were right to have bullied the shooter in school prior to the shooting. Who knows how far back that bullying went, I really don't know too much else on the shooting and aftermath / fallout either. Idk it just seems like the monster of that shooting was made.
  14. @Spooky-Sara: That David Hogg kid is cute lol someone put me on 👀 I admire him for his activism, even though I don’t agree with some of his opinions.
  15. @jediavatarpotter: For the Parkland Shooting, it honestly disgusts me how there are so many instances of adults going after the children and criticizing things they say or do about an issue they survived. Most of these kids are trying to make a difference and I really believe that it's our generation standing up and taking our place in this world especially in the area of politics.
  16. @Arniox: Lols. Sounds kinda stupid over in America. In my country, we just have 3 or 4 news stations and they don't seem to have any bias, just plain news and facts backed with pictures, video and so on.
  17. @rje2545: If affluenza is real, can young people who are poor and do the same thing get off easy by crying....povertyenza?
  18. @om_jy: That compilation just made me think of a number of conspiracy ideas
  19. @gregariouslyme9492: Phil is good.
  20. @Stretch1931: Sinclair media group does demonstrate state-run media tactics, like China.  I know there are other media groups that are heavily biased as well (Fox, CNN, CNBC), all having agendas.

Just let's keep an open mind and remember what Philip DeFranco has said in the past... that we all need to take in content from a variety of sources, and make an informed decision based on all the various pieces of information....  to not blindly follow the media regardless of the format (print, TV, radio,  Internet, etc)

- How Viral Videos Masked a Louisiana Prep School’s Problems | NYT News: Kind: captions Language: en A high school student in front of a laptop, surrounded by classmates, dressed in college gear. A moment of suspense, and then … [Cheers] It was a scene repeated over and over again. Students from one Louisiana private school opening acceptance letters from their dream colleges. The videos often went viral. This one, of a 16-year-old student getting accepted to Harvard, racked up over 8 million views. But there was more to the story. Students told us many of their college applications included false information provided by their school’s administrators. And the cheers in these videos covered up an ugly reality of abuse and intimidation at T.M. Landry College Prep. “Abusing emotionally, physically. We realized, O.K. something’s not right. Everything is wrong with T.M. Landry.” Sixteen-year-old Megan Malveaux is a former student. “There was this little kid, he was probably about 7 or 8, and he was acting up in class. Mr. Mike, he had took the kid by the neck and picked him up and body slammed him on the table.” Mr. Mike is Michael Landry. He and his wife, Tracey, founded the school. It costs up to $725 a month to attend, and received national attention for its 100 percent college acceptance rate. In various TV interviews, they pitched a message of hope and hard work. “We’re changing society. We’re giving hope.” “Go big or go home.” The Landrys denied falsifying transcripts and college applications, and any allegations of abuse. But they do maintain that physical punishments are doled out because they love their students and treat them like family. The Landrys told the story of young black kids from a working-class community, who overcame systemic barriers to achieve success. “Doesn’t matter who you are, doesn’t matter where you’ve been in life, you can do it.” And the videos were crucial in promoting that message. Parents say they had no idea what was going on. “All the videos, I was excited for all the kids, because they’re kids. Little black kids like us can go to Harvard, Yale.” “I mean, the good talking he did made you realize, well, you’re kid needs to go to that school. If you want the best for your kid, you need to send them to T.M. Landry. You know, you speak to anybody in Louisiana, they’re telling you.” When the cameras were off, students say they were pitted against each other, interrogated and humiliated. Students say they were also physically punished. Sometimes they would be forced to kneel on rocks, rice or hot concrete, for hours. “I remember the first time I was put on my knees was because he gave me a test and I failed it.” A New York Times investigation found that behind the scenes, the Landrys filled out transcripts incorrectly to reflect classes the kids say they never took and grades they never earned. “My transcript was messed up because he messed up my birthday because apparently I was born the year my mom was. He put classes that I never even took, like chemistry.” Students told The Times that the Landrys told them to lie on their college applications about growing up in households marked by poverty, crime and drug addiction. If they refused, they say the Landrys threatened to do it for them. A look back reveals clues about Michael Landry's temperament, like in this recent pitch that became a passionate outburst. [Bangs fist] “Excuse me, ma’am.” But this was a rare glimpse at his frightening tone. The Landrys produced a steady stream of promotional material, painting a positive picture of an unconventional school. “T.M. Landry is a no-frills school.” “No classrooms, no walls, no books.” “Teachers without certifications. Classes with no teachers at all.” After the acceptance videos started gaining traction in 2016, press from around the country started showing up at their door. “Walking around campus, we saw that weird Landry style.” Outsiders marveled at how the Landrys could make the impossible happen. “So, O.K. this is incredible.” “The results speak for themselves.” “Go Landrys —” “They have figured out the secret sauce —” “They really have.” In media interviews, they called themselves a family — “Family first —” that pushed kids to their academic limits. “They will make it. No is not an option. Failure is not an option.” Former students and parents told us that for visits like these, students would be forced to spend days rehearsing what to say to reporters. “I plan to attend Harvard University.” “Harvard University.” “Stanford University.” “Cornell.” “Brown.” “We have this trig book, which is like from M.I.T., so we just basically teach each other.” For the high school students, there was a singular focus: practicing for the ACT. For younger kids: a loose and insufficient curriculum that has left many grade levels behind. When their methods were questioned, the Landrys were quick to dismiss any suspicions. “Some of them sound a little brainwashed.” “When it’s a black kid and it’s strictly education, something’s wrong with that kid.” “The reason why I never said nothing was because I was scared. Because they were getting all of this attentions from news channels. They were in articles. I was so brainwashed and I was thinking, he can’t do no wrong. But as you can see since I’m sitting here, I was all wrong.” Now, many in the T.M. Landry community say they feel swindled out of time, money, and ironically, an education.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ladiekiler16 [2 likes]: It's like the Fyre festival, but with school.
  2. @whosbusii [2 likes]: How do children teach each other? I mean they can but what if they are teaching other the wrong things?
  3. @alexistrebexis3195 [1 likes]: HOW did this not give off immediate red flags?! No classrooms, no desks, not one teacher with a degree even! Lol. And everyone’s like “Yea, but look how awesome”. Huh??
  4. @juliojones8402 [1 likes]: I knew it would be a scam. Soon as they said black owners and no certified teachers 😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣
  5. @anarchist_parable [1 likes]: As soon as you have 100% of anything, you know you're being scammed.
  6. @SimonTobias5812 [1 likes]: It just goes to show that Black people are as dangerous as they look.
  7. @shqip_sumejja [1 likes]: Those kids had their education stolen..
  8. @82gioccia: I never watch black kids college acceptance videos because of this
  9. @3ofEach: The school looks like a warehouse
  10. @alexistrebexis3195: Why are there even all black schools to begin with in present day? The very idea is racist. And backwards. Your slogan might as well be “we promote racial segregation”. Whatever bs reasoning you’re gonna rebut my comment with, you can go ahead and save it. You’re wrong. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Just remember that after you get your comment off your chest. ☺️😉😌
  11. @chrisbarrett2117: This is proof that journalism is dead.
  12. @grybnyx: It definitely did not help that many selective school stopped requiring the taking of standardized tests like the SAT. Getting good grades in a crappy school is not a predictor of success. And if this was a school full of Asian kids with perfect grades and perfect SAT scores, most of them would not have gotten in anywhere. That's how warped the system has become.
  13. @yesthisismyname-r5n: Is this the dr umar school?
  14. @stevenbrozynski5555: Ahhhh, y'all remember when DEI and affirmative action were a thing and the color of your skin was the most important thing on your resume?  The past was horrible, so many racist mistakes.  All those spots wasted while poor Asian students were denied their opportunity.
  15. @kolar: They did the most American thing possible. They lied and cheated.
  16. @xmasgrump2398: Everyone knew it was unreal.   😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @crunchieriest: this sounds exactly like those cults or "troubled teen" places
  18. @markbyron1: A "school" with no certified teachers, in a warehouse, run by two grifters who look like failed televangelists? HOW could anyone think anything could go wrong?!?! All they seemed to do was propagate the idea that people of color cannot possibly get into college because of the color of their skin. They also keep spreading the crap about being victims and how the system is rigged to keep them down. This was a crime. Nothing more.
  19. @Kirito14682: If the 16 year old got into harvard he would probably be in mensa already.
  20. @TVeganBabe: I’d love to create a school like this!

- അമ്മായിഅമ്മയെ അപമാനിച്ചതിന് പിന്നാലെ ഉളുപ്പില്ലാത്ത ന്യായീകരണനുമായി ദിയ ; കഷ്ടം തന്നെ | Diya Krishna: Kind: captions Language: en So Ashwin never comes to see my mother and calls her "Mom" or my father and calls her "Dad." If you call me like that, I'll ask too. I'm just asking if I'm crazy. He doesn't call me that. It didn't feel like that. He said he calls my father uncle and calls my mother auntie. Everyone has their own mother and father, just call them. If there are no more, call the rest. Omi is getting married and going somewhere else. So, if Omi's wife's mother is called Omi's mother, I'll ask him. So who am I? Well, everyone must have heard about the news that Diya Krishna passed away the other day. Now, it seems like Krishnan Kumar's family is in trouble. Because the children are all getting along . Two days ago, Ingram's younger daughter, Hansika Krishna, had just arrived at the airport after being harassed by her enemies and sent her clothes. Diya Krishna, who has already become the eldest before the heat of the moment, is now in the air . Anyway, Hansika can take a rest for a while because of this. Now Diya Krishna can wander around alone for a while. So let's get to the contest. Last Mother's Day, the aforementioned Diya Krishna had uploaded a video on her own YouTube channel . This is a video that lasts about 20 minutes, saying "Mother's Day Special with Amma and Amma." Some of the comments made by Diya in that video are the reason why Diya is now famous. The incident is nothing else. Diya and Diya's husband's family planned to go to a restaurant and have food. The food they ate belonged to Ashwin's family. It was an offer from them. Anyway, I was going from my flat to the restaurant to eat food. Dey, Dey's husband Ashwin, and her son Oma. Meanwhile, they were at Ashwin's house because they wanted to pick up Ashwin's parents. Anyway, they left the flat with some plans . As soon as they left the flat, Diakrishna turned on the camera and started talking . The camera is turned on and the guys are saying something. My family is very active on social media . But Ashwin's family is not very active. They are living in their own world . Ashwin's father and mother don't even know what social media is. How are they living their lives in their own way? The guys were talking like, "You only know about them when I come on the vlog and say something." While he was speaking, the audience members began to answer some questions . It is said that He is the beginning of everything. Let's take a look at that poster anyway . And this is a question that many people ask when I regularly watch Ashwin's family vlogs . What does it mean to call Ashwin's mother Ashwin's mother Amma Amma? But what you all need to understand is that how many names do you call your husband's mother as Amma or Mummy or Aunty? I don't know. Everyone has their own preferences. There's nothing wrong with calling me Ashwin's mother or Aunty. She's so happy that I call her that. If there's nothing wrong with Aunty, then why should we give her so much? There's nothing wrong with calling her Diya Aunty. And who cares? The locals don't care. Anyway, I agree 100 percent with what Diya said. Listen, what a person wants to be called is everyone's choice. If the person being called doesn't have a problem with it and is comfortable with it, then there's no need for us to find a problem with it . It's not just about my mother, it's about everyone For example, some people call their husbands by their first names, some call them "Ikka", some call them "Da". These are all personal preferences and will vary from person to person, but in general, most people call their aunt "amma" (mother). This is the first time in my life that I've seen a person who calls their own aunt "aunty." I don't know how you are. Anyway, let me tell you the rest. No problem. She's so happy, I don't call her that. There is someone sitting at the Maruthamkuzhi house who I can call my mother . The girl's name is Sindhu Krishnakumar, so I can't call anyone who stands in my way "mom" or "dad" except that girl. Those who stand in the way, so are your father's mother and father all stand in the way for Di? I'm asking because I don't know. What do you mean by this? This is so cheap. It's very bad to call your own husband and family people as those who stand in the way. Anyway, tell me the rest. My father is Krishnakumar. My mother is Sidhu Krishna. Ashwin's mother is Meenakshi. Ashwin's father is Ganesh. So Ashwin never comes to see my mother and calls her mother or father when he sees my father. If you call me like that, I will also ask if I am crazy. I don't understand what you mean by crazy. Didn't you hear that if you called my father Krishnakumar, who is my father, by mistake, father, even if you ask me if I am crazy, that means that all those who call their own mother father and mother mother mother are crazy, Diya. So what you meant is that when you look at it that way, Diya, 99.9 percent of the people in the world are crazy. Diya is the only intelligent person. Maybe Diya meant that. I'm the only smart person, the rest are all crazy. As far as I understand, most people in the world are used to calling their father-in-law "father" and their mother " mother". I've seen you change that. Anyway, this is a terrible over. I told you earlier that if you don't want to call your aunt "amma", don't call her "amma". That is your personal choice. It should be limited to that choice. Also, don't insist that other people, including your own mother, call your mother aunty Or you shouldn't label those who call you that as crazy. That's where you went wrong. Just as you say that you should respect your choice to call your own aunt or mother "aunty," you should also respect others' choice to call their aunt or mother "mother." Except that I'm not saying that everything that's not right is bad. That's all too much. Anyway, let me tell you the rest. I'm just asking him why he doesn't call me that. I don't think he calls my father uncle and my mother aunty. But I haven't seen anyone like that yet. I don't know what that is. Everyone has their own mother and father. Just call them. If they don't have any, go call the rest. What did the last person say? Everyone has their own father and mother. Just call them mother or father. If they don't have any, go call the rest. What is Diya saying? He is saying that only orphans who don't have their own mother and father should call others. I don't fully understand what they're saying. That's why I said it. No, I'm thinking, isn't that what this woman doesn't have any sense of when she turns on the camera and makes such statements in public? She does n't have any sense that the audience will see it, judge it, and get angry. You should be careful with your words, okay? There should be no attitude of shouting and saying whatever comes to mind. The rest will be said anyway, okay, and that's not all, now see, tomorrow Omi will get married and go somewhere else. So, if Omi goes to Omi's wife's uncle and calls him "Mom," I'll ask him. Then I'll ask, even though I'm sure I'm not. I think it would stress me out if Omi went and called someone else " mom ." I only need to call myself, I don't like anyone else calling me Well, if Omi gets married, what she wants to call her aunt is her choice. He should call it accordingly, but he should just go in there and call it as I say. Isn't it a kind of toxic parenting to say, " You don't have to call your mother 'Amma', you can just call her 'Auntie'?" Isn't your stance a program to impose on your son? This is how you are showing your children to be raised? It goes without saying that this is a kind of toxic parenting. It shouldn't be to impose your wishes on them. How can you raise your children? It's easy to say things like this. Let's say the rest. In the same way, whether it's Pashwin's mother or my mother, everyone will want to call their children 'Amma'. There is no mother in the village who can come together and call them 'Amma'. Anyway, I gave it as an answer to that comment . Because people always hate it. I'm tired of seeing and seeing, and I only have one answer. So, those who commented and asked, I hope they are at peace and have a firm stomach . And then, in the middle of that, he made a statement saying, "Don't everyone like to call their children 'mother' and ' mother'?" He made a statement saying, "This is the right time for everyone to call their children 'mother'." No, Diya, did they call Diya and tell her that everyone only wants to call their own children "mom"? No, I'm asking because I don't know. Now, as far as my mother is concerned, all my nieces and nephews prefer to call my mother "Umma." That's what they're used to calling it . Even now, my mother and grandmother are called "Umma." Even though she's my wife, my mother is still called "Umma." That's what we're all used to being called. Whether it's my mother or my wife's mother, they like to call me that. I believe that's the case with most people. Why do some people even call their friends' mothers " mom"? Now, I've seen even my friends often call my mother "Umma." It 's a respect that says, "See, this is all." Calling a woman "mother" is an extreme form of respect we give to her . It doesn't matter how much you preach about it to people who don't understand its sacredness . Anyway, when Jayakrishnan's mother says that she has a channel, something like Sindhu Krishnan, and everyone posts videos on it, a few people come to the comment box of that video and say, "Sindhu, you're welcome, Mom," and dedicate Diya's words to such milk bottles . No one should call Diya Krishna's mother Sindhu Amma anymore . You heard Diya's warning. I don't want to say that, I like a bad girl . It seems like this woman has no idea what to say in front of the public . I'll call you something . Not only this, but Da had also made a similarly controversial remark two days ago . Now that I've said all this, let's talk about it . It's nothing more than that. A few days ago, the aforementioned Diya Krishna, Ashwin, and their son Oma had gone on a trip to the Maldives. This person went to the Maldives via an Indigo flight . While they were leaving, their luggage flight was delayed. People who have gone on this international trip know this. We leave on one flight and our luggage arrives on another. It's impossible to carry everything on one flight . You will become overweight. So, when it comes to that, these airlines will bring the passengers' luggage on a flight. Passengers will be brought on another flight. In such a situation, this luggage flight is sometimes delayed. Even if the passenger flight arrives on time, sometimes the luggage flight may not arrive on time. Sometimes there may be a delay of just a day or two. That's what happened in Diya Krishnan's case. Even though Diakrishna, her husband and son had reached the Maldives, Diakrishna's luggage had not reached the Maldives. When Diakrishna inquired about it, the Indigo staff said what was the flight delay? It was that it would be late by a day. So what did Dia do? They started talking and started blaming Indigo. We have nothing to blame for that. So Dia has every right to blame because when the luggage is delayed, all of Dia's belongings will be in that luggage. Naturally, they will have their own difficulties, but Indigo staff had given Dia a solution for that, that is, they told Dia to buy clothes for two or three days. They said they would give it money if they showed it the bill. But that didn't bring Diya peace. This should be turned into a vlog somehow . Then come to the vlog and tell the Indigo people four lies. Only then will I find peace. So Diya turned on the camera and started saying something. Anyway, amidst all this accusations from the IndiGo crew, Diya is talking about an incident that happened on the flight . Let's listen to it anyway. We had already pre-booked our meal . So we have juice in our meal. It was given to us. So, when they gave me this poor little buttermilk, he was looking at it. Then when I gave it to you, it was over. I drank it because I was thirsty. So I asked them to get some buttermilk for the baby, and they said, "If you buy cashews, I'll give it to you." That's the rule everyone has. But I thought it would be a bit more humane to say that I'd at least skip a formality. But when I asked Kochi if I could give him a strawberry in the Emirates, he brought me a bowl full of strawberries That's right. I thought the Emirates did that. He is saying that Indigo should do the same . No, I'm asking because I don't know. See Allready, they give you a free buttermilk as part of your flight . And it was given to you . Beyond that, if you want buttermilk, you have to pay for it. They don't need to give it away for free just because it's for the baby . So, wherever it is, we can leave the flight right now. Imagine we walk into a regular juice shop . You paid cash and bought a juice. So after drinking all that juice, you feel like you could have had a little more juice . So if you asked the person who was drinking the juice if he could give you some more juice, what would be the person's response? It's like they'll give you extra juice if you pay extra . Isn't it? It's the same here. They don't need to give you extra buttermilk just because you have a baby. If you want extra, you have to pay extra cash . That's all. You are sitting on the flight. There is nothing in the manthikada. Give extras when asked. That one awareness is the first. Don't think that every Mochi has the same name, Diya. This is all a problem with thinking like that. Anyway, after discussing all the issues related to the flight, Diya leaves the airport After being released, Diya says something about the travel agency that arranged their trip to the Maldives In addition to saying that, Da also makes another controversial remark. Let's see. Now, since we are traveling through budget holidays, Arun, we bought our fruit three years ago, three years ago, three years ago, in our vlog, Arun bought it all day, Arun, come on, because he made us so comfortable. Aru, then and now, his wife was pregnant, Pullara Vaya, then Arun's wife was pregnant, I was a commodity then, today I will tell you something again, then Arun's wife was pregnant, I was a commodity then, today I have nothing to say, I am silent, if you say anything, it will be too much. That's why. It would be good if Diya Krishna said this. It must have been Ashwin or something . They must have grabbed him and thrown him away we know that words like "this is a commodity" are used to slut-shaming these women. Those are the words that Diakrishnan described as "self-commodity". Anyway, there's nothing wrong with Diya slut-shaming herself . Someone else must have said that. And when that care is full, you don't see the time. In any case, what Diya described as her own merchandise had become a troll. I saw many troll channels celebrating it In the midst of celebrating, Diya now makes another remark regarding her mother-in-law . Suffice it to say, Dian reached the rope . However, I am thinking of a mindset of Dian. If I were to turn on the camera and shout whatever comes to mind, I would say that Diya Krishna and Akhil Marar are people in the same boat. Turn on the camera and call out to the bread maker what it looks like . Neither of these two think about the logic of what they are saying or the consequences that will come with it . If you feel like it, call me there and tell me. That's why all these problems exist. Anyway, with all that thought, it would be better if I kept my words to myself a little . Otherwise, it would be better if you vlog with self-awareness. If not, there won't be much time to get out. Anyway, despite this, Diya Krishnan posted a story on Instagram about how she had climbed a lot . I will read it to you . They will judge you anyway, so keep going, do n't tell them anything, they will judge you. But this girl thinks that all this is terrible, that you should move forward. Even if it's just a word that comes out of your mouth, it's better to be a doctor like a buffalo than to be told what to do. Anyway, let's just keep it that way. That's all we have to say. I won't say anything more. What do you think after listening to it? Write it down in the comment box below. See you again with the next topic.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdithyaLal-gu1hz: അഹങ്കാരം ആകാം കുറച്ചൊക്കെ. പക്ഷെ ഇതു കുറച്ചു ഓവറാ.
  2. @ushasvlogallinone: Husbandinte അമ്മയെ amma എന്ന് തന്നെയാണ് വിളിക്കാറ്, അത് കേൾക്കാൻ ആണ് എല്ലാ അമ്മമാർക്കും ഇഷ്ടം
  3. @priya8129h: Pannathinte ahangaram avalku oru kuttiyullathukondannu engane parayunnathu ellengil  enganeparayilla pottipenne
  4. @thasriyashome: Everyone who watches this video, just watch it, don't you just subscribe, love only❤
  5. @thasriyashome: Everyone who watches this video, just watch it, don't you just subscribe, love only❤
  6. @thasriyashome: Everyone who watches this video, just watch it, don't you just subscribe, love only❤
  7. @nishaca9471: രേണുവിനെപോലെ suscribe കുട്ടനാണോ പ്ലാൻ
  8. @Ashmiz_trips_and_giggles: Pattamma chamanjalum pettammayavilla.. Amma Amma tanneyanu.. Amme ennu vilikkan enikkum pattilla.. Njan ente Ammaye Mamma enna vilikkunnatu atu kondu ente Mother inlaw ye Amma yennu vilikkunnu.. Ente Ammaye husband Mamma ennum, husband inte motherine Amma ennum pulli vilikkum.. Itokke avaravarude choice aanu.. Pinne njammude kuttikal are entu vilikkanam ennu nammal paranjal atenganeyanu toxic aakunnatu.. Naale avarkku nammale chetta vilikkanamennu paranjal nammal sammatikkumo.. Appo atu toxic akumo?? Pakshe diya paranjatil oru kaaryam sheriyallannu tonni atu ammayum achanumillatavar poyi vilikku ennu.. Pinne alukal avare choriyan poyatu kondalle avar paranjatu..
  9. @sijinasiji: കഷ്ടം
  10. @nivedithar6491: എന്ത് കണ്ടിട്ടാണോ ദിയ അഹങ്കരിക്കുന്നെ.. യൂട്യൂബ്  ഇല്ലായിരുന്നെങ്കിൽ ആര് കാണാൻ ഇതിനെയൊക്കെ
  11. @jimishaSreenash: പുഴുപ്പ് അതും പണമാണ്
  12. @raseenachuraseenachu7492: ningalk vere pani ille
  13. @rkpvlogs6888: വളർത്തുഗുണം
  14. @Beenajoy007: Nte frds nte amma achan enk achan amma nnu aa vilichu sheelam😮❤
  15. @Remajoshy-x8h: അവൾക്കു അഹ൦കാര൦ആണ്
  16. @JasnaM-h7g: ദിയ പോവുന്ന രീതി toxic parenting രീതി
  17. @JasnaM-h7g: അശ്വിൻ പെട്ടു കിടക്കുവാ
  18. @Athiraananthu1331: Friends amma marevare amme enna vilikunath
  19. @Athiraananthu1331: Appo amma enn vilikan madi ulla eval aa ammak vayathe ayal swtham amma nokunapole nookoo?????
  20. @Athiraananthu1331: Avala hus avala parents uncle Aunty enn alle vilikana pinne aval entho vilikatt.... Pinne roadil pona allepole ubhamichathum... Aa koch  eni kalyanm kazhinjitt avale mathre ammann vilikavu enn parayanth ok korach over ann

- Viral Fails You Missed! | 100% Instant Regret: Kind: captions Language: en No. Okay. So, number Yeah. I thought my car was broken into cuz I saw glass on my seat, but it's someone's car exploded all over mine. Don't you're going to burn yourself. It's really too dark to be doing any kind of speed test. >> Too dark to not be paying attention to what the hell I'm doing. Oh, >> okay. >> Ready? >> Yeah. You >> ready for the back flip? >> Yeah. Drink water. It's water. He's getting That is a whole lot of special. Go ahead. Okay, it's beginning. Okay. Woo! Not you. >> The moment the extra person exited the car and adjusted. Yeah, she is out of the car now. >> Um, I'm afraid she's not >> driving you in a moment. >> If you will continue to refuse me because I'm afraid we might cancel the trip. I'm from the book is what I need. >> Dad, are you okay? >> Oh my god. I swear to God. I Okay. Hey Siri, call 911. When you when you throw it, let go. >> Hold down. Lord, have mercy. You want to park a little closer? >> Can you want me to? >> You ain't open my door. >> You want to park closer? >> No. It was a It was a joke, idiot. Why they pull in front of you then? Greg, are you all right? >> Oh, a little rough. Oh, look at that. Oh my god. Oh my god. Whoa. Oh, what was that? Was Slugworth flying that plane or what? There's a couple oopal loopas on board for sure. Yeah. Oh my I think so. >> Welcome to It's a Small World. He didn't even notice you dropped that. >> Do you think you're missing something? Are you missing something, Marky? >> My wallet. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just I know how I've got myself in this position. But it's not good. >> What if Minecraft was real? Oh. All right, let's hear this chop. Let's hear this thing chop. Don't you look like a turtle? >> What? Come on. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> What's wrong? Okay. >> When I came up Damn, man. >> Put it out, sweetheart. Going to spray that pole over there. They say I have pretty good accuracy. I play video games all the time. Missed I got All right. Throw. You got to look where you're throwing, pal. Okay. Ready? Are you looking? >> Are you looking? >> Go get it. Go like that. >> Uhhuh. >> Bam. And then you kind of like fold your whole arm in and you throw it up hook. Yeah. There you go. And then you're like, >> "Bro, this truck just lost a whole house >> in the middle dolls. You can't even drive that high on top of a car moving. Oh my god. Is this real or is this fake? >> That fake that money that that money >> is that real or fake >> real >> I accidentally did that. I think That's a stop, bro. >> Dude, he shoot me in the >> That's a heavy fish. Ah. One, two, three. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> OUCH. Oh no. >> You're grateful. You're fine. You are fine. >> Now you got to jump. >> Jump. JUMP. >> JUMP. >> NO. Jesus Christ, >> buddy. >> Long as she calls timeout, she's fine. Oh yeah. How much Cosby sauce? All of it. Are you good? GIVE ME YOUR MONEY. GIVE ME YOUR MONEY. OH GOD, THERE'S A DOG. Oh my god, I didn't know you were in there. I'm so sorry. I'm This is my friend. Love your dogs, by the way. Oh, little weenie. MY HAIR BLEW OFF. OH MY GOD. Let me just let him smell it then throw it down. >> Smell it then throw it down. >> Yeah. Uhoh. >> Uhoh. Here they come. >> Hi You okay? You >> all right, man? >> Yeah, he's right in the pool, dude. I don't know whether this is going to explode or not. I'm shooting Yeah. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. He needs to go over more. Slow slow. You all right? You all right? You need to move forward on balance. >> You have to come forward. >> But you got to come down here. >> Right. Right. RIGHT. My nose ring is caught in my sunglasses. Is it here? Let me help you. >> Don't pull it. >> Come on. Let me help camera down and help me. >> Ow. I'm trying. Okay. >> Hold my phone. >> Your phone. Put your phone away. >> I I can't get it. >> You haven't even tried. >> Listen, I got some needlense pliers. Listen. >> How's it? How's it coming? >> I can't even see it. >> This is >> I can't get it off. >> This is This is the best thing ever happened to me right now. >> Oh yeah, we got it. You lost that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @endless013 [21 likes]: I'm just starting my day and I might as well end now and go back to bed I'm not going to see anything funnier than that first clip today
  2. @jeffshellow4069 [1 likes]: 9:28 put down the fone, you DONK,  and use both hands
  3. @jeffshellow4069 [1 likes]: 3:49 sigh
  4. @Orangechairstudios: Number two had me in complete hysterics
  5. @margaretwade: 1:23 There is no way that baby was able to hold itself up by the fingertips!
  6. @ceesklumper: #10 Why?
  7. @2m7b5: 20:20 is so fucking dangerous. If that hole caves in, you're dying in there.
  8. @waynepantry7023: Stop it at exactly 17:25 .   Quite impressive. Won't need a shave for a while . . .
  9. @CrazyFails-US: Doing a "speed test" in the pitch black dark like at [01:52] is not a "fail," it’s straight-up reckless endangerment. They shouldn't just lose their car, they should lose their driver's license forever.
  10. @dancemattdanceify: rocky dennis 6:53
  11. @micahhawkins8233: 96 is for the ladies.. "women of culture" one might say 😏
  12. @jagramger: 2:26 - Great deal!  All trucks half off today!
  13. @markbecker8661: 1:28 all he had to do was put the lid on to extinguish the grease fire.
Useful tip, learned that in chef school.
  14. @jeffshellow4069: 22:49  nice editing i guess
  15. @Skullc00kie: 96, common sight if you work at a gas station like I do...
  16. @jeffshellow4069: 13:14  gawddammit !   WE.  CANNOT. BE. DEADASS.  Kill me now
  17. @samuellopez1957: No 4 👃💍I REALLY WISH YOU GALS KNOW HOW STUPID  RIDICULOUS U LOOK WITH THOSE STUPID 👃💍🤤🥴🤤🥴
  18. @Matrxmonky: #10 freaks me every time I see it. 
1) Why would you make a LITERAL deathtrap like this? and 2) Why would you think this angle would be ok for almost ANY vehicle, really? 
3) And they're ACTUALLY using it.
  19. @CharlesLaw1234: Clip number 96, the rare daytime full moon.
  20. @maximilianoquiroga6804: 13:08 Parque General San Martin, Mendoza ❤❤❤😊😊😊

- WHY LOSING A GOOD WOMAN IS A HUGE REGRET FROM MENS HONEST POINT OF VIEW -(Tiktok Viral videos): Kind: captions Language: en This is why he will always regret leaving you and then he will eventually come back. And a lot of times women you think that it was something that you had did or something like that when in reality it was nothing that you actually did. It was just one of those things where he wanted to leave because he thought those options that he had were better than you. And he's not going to tell you that he was wrong for leaving you. He was wrong for this. He was wrong for that. He's not going to tell you that. He's going to be like, "Oh, I miss you." he's going to disguise it where it makes him seem like, oh, he was missing you. He was thinking about you the whole time. But in reality, nine times out of 10, the relationship he was in, it either did not work out, or the woman that he thought was you, basically could not replace you. It was an impulsive decision where he thought he could exchange you for someone else, but that person couldn't fill the void. Now he's running back. Now he's saying he loves you so much, he misses you so much, and you were the girl for him, and all this other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] One thing you need to remember, he came back because he couldn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] replace you. And if you're a woman and you're going through this toxic situation with the ex or whoever it might be, go snag my book if you cannot detach. It's helped thousands of women detach and move on from their ex. There is one thing that a man will never forget, and that is a woman that was good to him. A man will never forget a woman that was good to him. He may not give her the respect and attention and care that she deserves, but he will never forget a woman that was caring, loyal, respectful, and just there for him in his time of need. A man will never forget these things. Nothing, and I mean nothing, will scar a man more in his life than realizing he let a good woman go for why he did it. insecurity, jealousy, not feeling good enough. It will literally haunt him for the rest of his life watching that woman get the man that she deserves to be with because he just simply could not step up to the plate. Not every breakup hits a man the same way, but let me tell you, when a man realizes that he lost a real one, the regret is real. These things are what really makes a man regret losing his woman. Number one, the genuine love and the support. When he looks back and realizes that you were his biggest supporter and you were the one who believed in him, even when he didn't believe in himself, that is a tough loss to swallow. Number two, the emotional safety and understanding that she gave him. Now, men don't always open up, but when men finally find somebody to help them open up and be vulnerable, that's rare. So losing that kind of connection definitely stings. Number three, it's the peace over the drama. Ladies, if you've brought peace into his life instead of chaos, trust me when I tell you, when you leave, it's a big difference. And he definitely notices the difference once you gone. Number four, having a woman who helped him grow. If you challenge that man to be better, pushed him toward his goals, who helped him mature, impact does not fade. especially when he realizes all women are not doing that. Number five, the sickest part of it all when she moves on and glows up. Nothing, and I mean nothing, makes a man reflect harder than seeing his ex-woman move on and up. Genuinely being happy without him. The truth is, men do not always process regret immediately, but when they do, it's usually because they lost a woman who added value to their lives. Share this if you know your worth. Make sure y'all follow me for more tips. And if you need a one-on-one coaching session with me, the link is in my bio. King Crane. Peace. Never underestimate how fast a woman will cut you off for making her feel like she's begging for your love. And it's not going to be overnight, but when it happens, it'll be fast. Like a thief in a night. And it's funny cuz men always regret losing this type of woman. Not the one that's going to get revenge and sleep around to get her lick back, but the one who knows what she brings to the table and isn't afraid to eat alone. Yeah, these are hindsight 2020 women. The ones a lot of men don't even believe exist until they felt the pain in their chest from losing one. She'll walk away from your disrespect without looking back for your reaction. She's the one that's going to ignore men every day because she loves you. But if you fumble her, then you'll become one of those men that she's ignoring. And your begging won't be a bargaining chip once you crossed her boundaries because she knows she gave you every chance to get it right until you ran out of chances and she told you to get out. See, ego and insecurity will cause an immature man to misinterpret this woman's loyalty as too good to be true. Like she's just going to up and leave. Like she's just weighing better options. Whole time she's only weighing your effort. And if it's adding up to the bare minimum, then it's going to be you that she subtracts. Because man, you don't lose this kind of woman when your money ain't right or when another man comes along. You lose this type of woman when you start acting like she ain't much to lose and then she'll show you better than she can tell you. Somebody I looked up to told me one day if he could rewind time back, he would have never cheated on a woman that he wanted to be with at that time. Now, this man get a lot of women's attention, a lot. And he said as a young man, he couldn't control himself. Every woman that was throwing it at him that was fine, he was taking it. And sometimes he would cheat on the girl that he was with. And now that he done, he literally started thinking to himself, "What am I doing? Why am I doing this?" So he said he started feeling bad and then he didn't want to talk to the girl. And then when he got home, he just felt like something was eating at him. He said over the time he wasn't getting caught. So he started getting number and number to the feeling until one day she called him up. And that one day cost him everything. The crazy part about it, he wasn't even married. He was so hurt that the decision that he made took him away from his family. He said, "Man, I messed up, man. I had a woman that was a good woman. She cooked. She cleaned. She respected me. She did everything I wanted a woman to do as a young man." He said when he was in his early 20s cheating on that young lady, that was the dumbest thing or the dumbest mistake he ever made. And this the part that blew my mind, right? He said when she found out she was hurt, she didn't want to talk to him. He said they started talking again because they had a child together, but she quickly turned her feelings off. He said he would go to her saying that he was sorry and think that things could like, you know, change, they can get back together. But every single time he said he's sorry, she says, "I know." And I forgive him. I just hope you find the person that you looking for. He said every woman that he done dealt with from that point on, the way she carried herself, the way she stood on business, and she told him while they was dating before they had a child, if you play with me once, you will never have a chance to play with me again. And that one time, he never got a chance to do it again. He said on the day of her wedding night, he cried because it hurt him so bad to see her walk down the aisle with a good guy. He said, "So little Sean, if you ever get you a good woman and she good to you, you make sure you stay home and do everything in your power to keep that relationship going. And if she do right by you and you do right by her, it won't be hard to do it." Moral of the story is that good woman for life is not worth losing for that good moment for the night. This was your warning before destruction. I'll see you in the next video. Let me know what you think in the comments. Know a lot of us men, we regret losing a good woman in our life and we don't realize what we really do to them. She cooks, she cleaned, she was only entertaining you. And what were you doing? You were entertaining other women on Instagram, Facebook. You were DMing, you were messaging them because you weren't satisfied because maybe your woman didn't have a big butt as theirs. Maybe you wanted somebody with bigger boobs. I just don't understand because those women didn't have a heart like your wife or your girlfriend. So, you go out and you seek the women you see on social media and you think you have a chance. And as soon as you catch one, you start realizing they're not what you thought they were. They weren't cooking like your wife. They weren't cleaning. They were entertaining multiple people, not just yourself. And they were infatuated with the social media comments. and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. A lot of our minds are getting addicted to this social media and we realize that we're living in a world where people are not satisfied because they're looking at social media and think they can always get better. But to be honest, you don't realize you had the best and you messed up. You messed up. A man is always going to miss what he mistreated. A man is always going to miss a girl that he didn't treat right. Abroski, you had the whole world in your hands. She was there for you when you was at your lowest. She would be there for you if you got sick tomorrow. She was doing all the right things that a girl that you're chatting to or a girl that you're going out with should be doing. Of you to lock in and focus up. You wanted to be doing foolishness and you've only got yourself to blame for that. Now that you've seen that she's moved on and she's living life, she doesn't need you anymore. She's not as whipped over you as she once was. You want to try spin the block. You want to start saying things like, "Ah, I miss her." You want to start hitting her with them two to two regretful lines about, "Ah, I can't lie. I just wasn't in the right place at the time." Like, "I'm so sorry. I know I messed up." Brother, she knows you messed up as well, but you get me. That's life. On to bigger and better. Like, men only realize that they had something good once the something good is now gone and has moved on to better. It's sad to see. Sad to see. I'll be honest. Let be a lesson though. But if you find a good girl and she's doing everything right, then don't mess it up, brother. >> He broke your heart, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him. The truth is, men, we always regret losing good women. Cuz as soon as those good women leave, our life starts to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crumble. They soon realize that it was her love and her spiritual protection that was keeping it together. At first, they're relieved because they know you're sad. They expect you to beg and cry while they're out chasing temporary gratification. Trust me, it destroys them later on down the line cuz they lost that spiritual shield that you provided. You prayed for them. You believed in them. You spoke life into their dreams when no one else did. The truth is a relationship with a good woman is a gift from God. And when a man fails to appreciate it, it's as if he's rejecting God's blessing. So God makes him feel all the consequences, especially if he hurts you. His life becomes chaotic and unstable. It's like nothing nothing can fill that void. Once time passes and the grief finally catches up to them, they soon realize how much you actually sacrificed, how much you endured, how much your prayers actually added to their life. It added to their life so much and they didn't even acknowledge it. You were so patient, so forgiving, that's usually the time they try to come back. But by this point, you've elevated your life. You know your worth. God removed that person from your life to protect you from further harm. God doesn't punish a man for losing a good woman. What he does do is he allows him to feel the weight of your absence when you're not there and you're not available and you're gone. Hey queen, just know you deserve to be happy. You deserve to be safe. You deserve every blessing in the world that God has to offer you. It's 2025, baby. We going to heal all year and get to this bad. Let's go. We're >> talking about today is the fact that they will regret losing you. You know, they say that some people don't realize what they have until it's gone. But that doesn't mean they're supposed to get it back. So now, this is not a video to try to get you to entertain someone who let you slip out of their hands who doesn't deserve you. Let me make that correct or make that plain and clear from the jump. But I do want to convey the message that they will regret losing you. And the reason why I feel the need to speak on this is because I see many people in these relationships see them end. And one of the things that keep you attached is this desire and this wonder of did they really love me? Did they really care? Are they really regretful the fact that they lost me? Well, let me let you know right now. If you were a good person to them, if you put your best foot forward, now it doesn't mean you were perfect, but you know, you know you were good and of high quality for that person, then trust and believe they will regret losing you. The thing is, you may not always see it. at least not initially because many people move on and they run to a distraction. You'll see individuals break up and immediately jump into another relationship, immediately start entertaining other individuals and you start to feel like, well, damn, they must not have really cared about me. They must not have really loved me. But that's not always the case. Sometimes they're doing it because they're trying to distract themselves from how badly they feel from the breakup. They're trying to distract themselves from the fact that they know they messed up, but they don't want to face that issue. They don't want to have to deal with that. So, they going to run to someone else to make themselves feel better. All right? So, you can rest assured that yes, they are going to regret it. Sometimes it doesn't come out till years later, months later, whatever. They hit you up, they tell you, "Damn, you were the best I ever had. I realize now that I should have done better when I had you." But again, don't fall for that. If you know they're not for you, if you know it was never what it needed to be, if you know that's not the person that God wanted you with, don't fall for it. But yes, they will regret losing you. But now, I had to bring that point to your attention. But I have to bring the next one to your attention. Don't worry about if they do. Don't don't concern yourself with whether they regret it, whether they love you, whether how they feel about it, because those types of questions and concerns continues to have you dwelling in an attachment to this individual. It makes it harder for you to walk away. And for some of you, because you're not going to see the answer to that question immediately, you're going to find yourself dragging on longer and longer, holding on emotionally to this situation. you need to let go of the question you should be asking yourself is not what they what if they regret losing you is if they were truly for you to begin with because if they're not the person for you then hallelujah praise God you have been blessed by the breakup all right now some of you may feel like but I do feel like they're the person for me I do feel like this should have worked I do feel like this should have not gone this way and I understand that and that's a very tough position to be in but Again, dwelling on whether they regret it, how they're feeling about it, whether they think about you isn't going to make your life better, isn't going to help you move forward, isn't going to help you focus on you. Listen, if you truly believe they were the one, then there's a good chance an opportunity will come back around one day. But in the meantime, we can't be waiting on that. We can't be focused on that. We have to be focused on us. We have to be focused on God. We have to be focused on our purpose. So, you still don't want to be asking the question, do they regret losing me? Do are they happy right now? And some of you may see a situation where they they jump into a new relationship and they look happy and it makes you salty. It makes you feel some kind of way. It hurts your feelings. But I'm going tell you, if that person quickly rebounded and jumped to someone else, there's a very good chance the happiness you see now with them in their pictures and their posts will disappear. That they will eventually find themselves in another failed relationship. That they will see the the ramifications or the consequences of their actions. So again, what you see isn't always what it what it really is. All right? And you cannot allow yourself to be focused on that. You cannot allow yourself to be lurking on their social media page hoping to find evidence of regret, hoping to find evidence of sorrow or pain because you want them to feel the way that you're feeling. Instead, I want you to focus on you feeling better. Are you getting to a better place? You know how many men have fumbled the best thing that ever happened to them because they tried to enter a relationship before they was ready? They thought that they can be a playboy and then once they met the right woman that that was going to solve their problems. Do you know how many men is not crying right now because they lost the best woman that they have ever met because they thought that a man will change for the right woman and the reason they was previous relationships is not because they had healing to do but because they was with a woman that didn't motivate them to be better be better for you and do this before do it before meeting her because I tell you right now the worst thing you can do is meet the woman of your dreams your soulmate in a space in life where you are not prepared to catch at her cuz what the you going to do? You going to pretend to be ready when you know you're not. But you don't want to let her pass. So you going to act like you ready for a relationship. This is why men get in relationships and they cheat because they was sleeping with women up until the day they went official with a woman. So now you start pretending because you didn't do the real work before. You're trying to do the afterwards. And guess what happens when you try to heal yourself, build yourself, become a leader after you meet her? You heard her in the process. Growth is one of the main reason why men regret losing you. They've realized what they've got. They've realized what they've lost and they regret it. But unfortunately, when they realize the valuable thing that they lost, you're already over them, right? The rich get the rich get richer, the poor get more poor. In other words, once you're happy, once you're over them, that's when they want you. But when you're needy for them, when you really want them, that's when when they don't want you. It's the irony of life. Statistically speaking, on average, men tend to regret breakups a lot more than women do. Researchers tracked 5,75 participants across 96 different countries and found that while women may feel more hurt and pain initially from the breakup, they tend to move on and get over it faster and more fully. Whereas some men may never get over the breakup, and that's where the phrase, "A man never forgets his first love," comes from. Despite the idea and stereotype that women are more emotionally involved in romance, a 2021 international study found that men tend to experience more pain than a woman does after a split. And this makes a lot of sense when you take into consideration another study that was done in 2024 from the behavioral and brain sciences that indicate that romantic partnerships mean a lot more to men because men tend to benefit more from romantic relationships with a woman. Interestingly enough, from that same study, there was one survey conducted from 1,400 men who dumped their partners. And out of the 1,400 men who dumped their partners, 76.5 of them said that within 60 days, they regretted breaking up with their partner, with their woman. And with all the information and data that's out there, it tells me that one of the reasons as to why men tend to regret the breakup more than the woman does is because men have a tendency to be a lot more impulsive than women do. I'm sure you've heard this stereotype that women cannot be trusted to make rational decisions because they're hyper sensitive and overly emotional. Well, the data actually shows the contrary. Women tend to be a lot more logical thinkers than men think they are. A clear example of that would be the stock market. Women tend to outperform men in investing because they stay on course despite the rise and fall of the stock market. They don't panic and pull their money out of stocks as soon as it starts falling. Men often times do though. There's hella other studies that have also been done that clearly indicate that men and women have nearly the same amount of emotions. The only difference is that we tend to bottle them in which leads us to making impulsive decisions because we have so much emotion built in. A breakup is one of those examples. And why do you think men come back to a woman's life? Because they made a decision that they're now regretting. Women, on the other hand, will carefully consider the pros and cons of what they're about to do and they make a decision based on something that they've carefully considered. So, even though women tend to take a little longer to get over the relationship, when they do it, they get over it fully and well, while men sometimes may never get over it. Us men, immediately we realize we lost a good woman. Like, we feel that like we feel that essence of a good woman just gone immediately. It don't it don't take years. It don't take a few days. It don't take the moment we lose a good woman. A man understands we has lost something precious to us. She might have been a woman that that I didn't I didn't have to ask, hey uh I'm I'm I'm on my last stick of deodorant. She just see I'm on my last stick. She get it. She gets soap in the house when it's low. Goddamn me. She she goddamn have my work clothes out when I'm when I just fall asleep and I'm dead tired. I forgot to put them out. Like it's the little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] our ego, our selfishness or our uh immaturity blew that opportunity with that woman. And and the moment that happens, men know that exact moment we have lost something special. Imagine God sending you a woman whose only mission was just to love you as good as you ever imagined. But you played with them and you fumbled that, you know, and so now you just dealing with women that are corny, who don't know their worth, and they be begging you for materialistic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Some women are just so unforgettable, man, that we got to learn how to appreciate the ones who just asked to be loved, to feel safe, to feel secure, protected, um, appreciated, valued, affirmed, and for you to just consider them, for you to just see them. You know, the good ones, they always going to challenge you, but every time that they going to show you why they don't settle for just anything and why they deserve the best because they don't distract you from your dreams. They only inspire you to achieve them faster. You know, they're not perfect, but they worth it. Like, they know how to balance things out. They know when to push you. They know when to pull back. They know when to just pray for you. Like, yeah, they add value to everything in in your life. They turn good to great. They inspire excellence. So, my friend, if fear has you afraid to love a woman like that, it's because you it's you're only trying to protect your heart. You know, I'm just saying. So, if you care and you're responsible for what she receives from it, love God.

  Top Comments:
  1. @estherjean1362 [48 likes]: And they still won't change
  2. @NyNy-ly9js [24 likes]: They Kno.They Understand. They just don't Care.
  3. @Freshbluecrush [12 likes]: You guys need to start proofreading,  'loose' and 'lose' are two different verbs. Examples; 'to lose a game of basketball', or to 'lose a woman' as they are trying to show in this video. To loose is to loosen some rope or make it become slack. 'To loosen the tie on my shirt collar.' Really y'all.
  4. @Saranda4787 [11 likes]: "Cooking and cleaning".... Ffs get a f-ing maid.
  5. @thegoodlife19-005 [10 likes]: All most of them complaining about is missing their cooking, cleaning and putting up with their foolery smh 😅and didn't do no work to keep her smh 🤦
  6. @rochelleterrell2503 [8 likes]: Who cares....not me ... I never wonder if a person loves me does not matter and that's on them not me ...
  7. @FLYEssFitness [8 likes]: He didn't leave. I left. I'm standing on business but when I tell you I miss this man!!!
  8. @BellMeOut [6 likes]: Women cry first but men cry longer. Men only learn thru loss. Loss of relationship, loss of access to that woman. They’re too obtuse to even realize it. Women are tired of men being so mentally slow in this regard.
  9. @tawanachristian3396 [5 likes]: Degrading a woman to cooking and cleaning is why they STILL don’t have a good woman. A woman is way more than a maid and a personal chef! SMH
  10. @Nottoday2424 [4 likes]: When you work on yourself, healing on your past trauma,in general improving you and your life with God's grace,only then...this is to males. No to ego,no to games,no to fear  no to anything that is not from God! Every day we all  get older and tomorrow never promised to anyone.  Live in grace, and treat people good, and drope off from socials.
  11. @rochelleterrell2503 [3 likes]: You just don't know i am not the person you think I am . I move on quickly and have no problem doing it. I am not a people pleaser......or man pleaser that not me.
  12. @ibrahimD.7 [2 likes]: I ruined it, and her absence burns every day. Sorry Jen
  13. @SundayMorning0817: Yep. My butt wasn’t big enough. I didn’t go to the gym. I was thin, petite, active, I ran, rollerblade, ice skate- but me being healthy or active or even in shape wasn’t enough - I didn’t look exactly like these women who live and breathe just to get men.

Meanwhile, I was loyal, kind, cooked for him, got him groceries, got him ComicCon tickets, drove him around when his car broke down, played video games with him and got him video games, encouraged him, told him I believed in him… turned down other men because I was committed to mine.

I didn’t drink or smoke or party. I had a really great remote job so I was a financial partner, home, doing chores in between meetings. No tattoos, no drugs, no kids- just peaceful. I loved having sex with him. Slept naked. Ran in the room to flash him and ran away- playful. 

None of it mattered. My butt wasn’t as big as theirs.
  14. @PaleHoney1992: If I could rewind time, I would have never talked to him ❤️‍🩹
  15. @NicolePemberton-o8c: Men are careless beings. They choose to play in our faces. We choose to leave them and dump them. It’s just that simple✌🏽
  16. @arlenelovelace18: I wish my ex had seen/heard this wisdom a year ago 😢
  17. @bassssaasuuuup: males do not give a F 😂
If wanted to he would. It’s that simple! Don’t let these dust mites lie to you and feed you patriarchy mumbo jumbo! 
He left you! 
He didn’t respect or value you when he had you. He does not miss you, he misses what you did for him not who you are.

- 23 Minutes of Single Mothers CRYING Because They Regret Their Divorces: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] To be honest, I don't know what happened, but we need a redo. Yo, what is going on guys? got a video for you here today from Alpha Central titled Single Mothers Crying After Regretting Their Divorces. So, let me get this straight. These individuals are women who decided to leave their marriages, break apart their families, and now they're crying after they regret everything. Absolutely hilarious. Let's get into it. I'm >> making the video I need to see right now because sometimes life just isn't better after divorce. The thing is, I know it will be. I know it will be and that's what's getting me through this time. But man, I am really sad. I'm not doing well. I'm not coping well. I miss my husband. I miss my married life and that's okay to admit. And I just want to feel strong and I just want to feel like I'm doing well and I'm just not. I know I'm not the only one. She destroyed her marriage, thinking it was going to bring her a life of fun and happiness, only for her to realize that she's now responsible for her own life with no support from a man. >> It's my wedding anniversary today, and because this date has been ingrained in me for so long, of course, it was the first thing that I thought about when I woke up this morning. And then I realized, yeah, we're still technically married, but this is far from being a celebratory anniversary. We're kneedeep in the middle of a divorce. He's waking up in someone else's bed while I'm here. And it hit me harder than I thought it would, and I don't know why. So, in other words, he moved on after a toxic marriage, and she's having a meltdown because the pastures aren't greener on the other side. So, she begs for sympathy online as she tries to avoid accountability for the marriage that she ended. >> I just walked into my baby daddy's house, right? Look at this. This used to be a picture of me, him, and his son. Look, when I take the back off, not the titty crop. No, >> that's a clear-cut sign of how she broke his heart. Now he can't even stand the side of looking at her. And she's acting like it's the funniest thing in the world. It just shows how little that man actually means to her. >> My baby daddy quit his job as an electrician where he was making over six figures a year to work a minimum wage job at a fast food place just so he wouldn't have to pay me $3,000 a month in child support. Is that not ridiculous? He would rather take a massive pay cut than to give me money to pay for his kids. I'm just so right now because how am I gonna pay for my mortgage? How am I gonna pay for my mortgage? And you can tell me to go get a job, but then who's going to watch my kids? Because putting my kids in daycare is going to cost more than my freaking house. This is what's messed up. When she divorced this man, she was unemployed. And even though the father was making six figures, the court still awarded her custody of the kids, the house, and child support. There is no justice in this world for people like this. >> So what am I supposed to do? He's trying like he should only be responsible for 50% of the kids' expenses and he doubts that they cost $6,000 a month. But I'm like sir, I am doing 100% of the raising. I feed these kids every night. I put them to bed. I wake them up in the morning. I get them dressed. You're not doing any of that. So you should be 100% taking care of them financially. I told him when we first got together I was never going to get a job and he was going to have to take care of me. And he was okay with that. But now we're divorced and he's saying that he shouldn't be paying my bills. >> She's complaining about the work she does as a mother. She's not going above and beyond the call of duty here. She's doing the basic requirements and she's still complaining about it. That's rather disturbing. >> Hi, my name is Riley. I'm a newly single mom with full custody of her three children with little to no help. I was a stay-at-home mom for 4 years. So, when their father and I separated, I had only $300 in my bank account. During that time, I didn't have a job or have to worry about paying bills. So, when we separated, I quickly realized how expensive life is. So, I got a job and then I got a second job in hopes of being able to afford the babysitter for my first job. >> It's tough to know what's worse. This woman having no clue that life is expensive or that she had to break up her family and ruin her children's futures in order to understand that life actually costs money. >> I just miss my old life. I can't help but cry today. I miss having a husband. I miss my family. I miss having a husband. And I miss my husband. I don't want just any husband. I want my husband. Mine. Miss mine. I miss mine. Mine. Mine. I don't know why. Really stuck. No. You guys are sick of this. You guys are so sick of this. I don't blame you. I don't know how to replace my husband. I don't know how. I don't know how. >> I'm lonely. I'm sad. I miss my family. >> She sounds like a spoiled child with how many times she said the word mine. She refuses to understand that she no longer has a husband. So, she has no right to claim the man that she threw away. >> What's up? >> Because I'm going to expose you >> because that don't look that don't look enough for all my kids. >> That don't look enough for all my kids. What is that? That's just one burger. One burger, one fry. >> What he like? What do you mean? >> Okay. What about my kids? >> What about your other? >> Okay. But them your kids siblings though. >> What are you talking about? >> Them my kids them your kids siblings >> So he My other kids going to be left out. >> You didn't feed them. >> You know I don't get my food stamps to the seven to the car. He ain't even got he got brothers and sisters. He come right out to the car even me. >> No. No. You know what? Fine. Give it here. >> Thank you. >> Give it here. Give me here. >> Give me here. >> That woman is straight up wrong. Those kids are not his siblings. They are his half siblings. And that half is the responsibility of whoever fathered those children. He's doing right by his child and doesn't deserve to be shamed for not enabling her refusal to get a job. So, the whole world is basically bashing me right now because I'm the baby mama who was upset at her baby daddy because he only decided to give his child McDonald's and not the rest of my other three kids. I have four kids. All my other kids knew him. He was buying them McDonald's when we were together. My kids have to go through a transition of our breakup as well. Like me and you used to be together. They used to see you. You used to do it for them. But now you don't want to do that for them anymore. >> These women demand that their exes still support them financially even after they break up or get divorced. They want the benefits without the responsibility. Men don't tolerate that much disrespect. >> A single mom. Of course no man is ever going to want me because I have too much baggage. I'm a single mom. Of course I'm the lowest fruit on the tree. I'm a single mom. Of course I need to be staying at home the nights that my children are with their father instead of going out socializing with friends. I'm a single mom. Of course, I need to step up and finally be a parent for once. I'm a single mom. Of course, I shouldn't have standards for me and my children because beggars can't be choosers. I'm a single mom. Of course, I should stay with my children's father because settling for the bare minimum and letting my children grow up in a broken home is so much better than growing up in two homes where the parents are both happy and healthy. >> All we need to do is listen to what she's saying to know why she's a single mother. The second she said her ex did the bare minimum, then we know the only reason why that home was broken was because she was the one who actually broke it. >> It's awful that this woman divorced her husband, but still expects him to drop everything he's doing to comfort her. She will not allow this guy to have the chance to move on with his life. Bro, why would you get him something of from Walmart for Valentine's Day? >> You get his clothes from Walmart. We go to like the children's place. You can at least shame on my parents. >> I would I would have you shame sad as hell, bro. I try to show up at the father when I can. You went to Walmart. >> That's all I got. Valentine's Day gift. >> I'm saying though, like >> why would you go to Walmart for his >> act like it's a big deal. He only 2 years old. Spider-Man, bro. I don't got the money to go to to go to Cheers. more than this. Like, bro, >> you go to Dollar Tree, you go to You go to Dollar Tree, you go to Walmart, >> you go to the thrift store, you >> That's the best I can do. Long as my son got clothes on his back and food in his mouth, I'm okay with that. >> It's kind of funny how this man's child is most likely more mature than she is. She's acting like the gift is for her so she can rip into him for doing his best as a father. >> What's going on? Let me lay with you. You tired? Are you okay? >> And mommy. >> Mommy's right here. Yep. >> With the gigantic spikes in divorce rates, it's rather tragic to know how many children are going to suffer because of their mother's selfishness. That kid misses their dad and their mother is too busy recording it to care. >> I'm really frustrated um because my ex End of sentence. >> Of course, it's the ex's fault. With all of those countless examples we've seen of these women complaining about their husbands, it should come as no surprise that even after divorce, her tears are still her ex's fault >> because of so many reasons. Um, co-arenting is not working. He hates me. You don't have to like me, but he won't communicate with me. He won't do anything. And then today, like he just lied to our doctor for the kids. And I'm not sure what exactly this woman was expecting. This man got ripped to shreds in the court system, so he probably doesn't have much to say to her after what she did. >> I don't know how to fix it. He triggers me in in every way and um and I feel really alone cuz I can't go to my mom because if I go to my mom I'm just going to get a lecture and told that I'm not doing enough and like I'm not doing it the right way. She's complaining about everything, but she still has the time to set up her camera and try to demean the character of her own mother just to get sympathy from internet strangers >> and that, you know, I just need to like put my foot down and like blah blah blah and all these other things and okay, it doesn't matter what I say to him because it literally goes in one ear and out the other and he doesn't want to hear it and he doesn't want to like come to the table and actually problem solve. He just wants to make it my fault, which is it's his fault at this point. Like, at this moment in time, the things that are going on are his fault. >> It's interesting how she's constantly blaming her ex-husband, but doesn't list off every single unforgivable thing that he did to her. That's because the only thing that guy could do was the best that he could under the circumstances. just fell in the parking lot of Walmart and I went to grab my phone in that moment that I was hurting and I wanted to call my husband and cry to him and have him comfort me like he always was had after 25 years. The first thing I wanted to do was call him. And then I realized that he's not mine to call anymore and how alone I really am. And it sucks. >> Women like this want to treat their exes like their emotional support animals. And then they break down when they realize that that'll never be an option for them. >> It really sucks. And I haven't been able to stop crying since. And I'm fine. But it sucks so bad. >> These women have no idea what's in store for them after a divorce. Once they realize that they have to solve their own problems, they realize that they made a terrible mistake and it's one that they can't fix. >> I want to stop thinking about him. I want to stop wondering what he's doing. I want to stop wanting to tell him about my day. I want to stop missing my good morning and good night texts. I want to stop longing for his presence. But at the same time, I don't I don't miss any of that. God, that sounds so crazy. It's not that she even misses the guy. She misses the benefits of the marriage. She got endless attention. She got safety and she was provided for. And once she threw that away, she now wants it back. >> Not even a text on Mother's Day. So, I'm a single mom. I'm not dating. I don't have a boyfriend. I'm not seeing anybody. Like, I don't have a situationship. nothing. Okay. As I was getting dressed today, my sister says, "Mom got you a gift." And I'm like, "Ah, she didn't have to do that." And she actually said, "Remember the other day when I asked you if Madison's dad has given you anything for Mother's Day, if he gave you anything for last year?" And I said, "Yes." And she's like, "And I knew that the answer was no, but I wanted to confirm with you." And because of that, mom wanted to make sure that she had something to give you because she knows that you don't have anybody. It's crazy how much these women demand that Mother's Day be celebrated like Christmas. They even expect their exes to still give them presents even though they are no longer together. That is crazy. >> So, she gave me sunglasses and my nephew gave me beautiful roses. like and I'm so grateful for having such, you know, a good um family that thinks about me. And it also makes me really sad because I don't expect anything from this man. >> You can't expect a man to want to shower a woman with gifts after she left him. She couldn't care less about how this guy feels just so long as she gets her presents. That's how a child acts. >> But at the same time, I guess I kind of am, right? Because I'm the mother of your child. Like, that's not that doesn't warrant a happy Mother's Day. Can't even send a quick text. A text message literally takes 5 seconds. You can speak into Siri like, "Hey, happy Mother's Day. Send." She got gifts from her family, but she's losing it because the man she destroyed isn't sending her a three-word text message. It really does go to show how it's not about Mother's Day. It's about getting attention when it isn't even deserved. >> So, I don't know how to get over my ex. I admitted it. It's been like 5 months since my breakup, and when I tell you that I wake up every day with the most crippling anxiety of my life, I would not be lying. I have tried everything. People say make more friends. I've made so many friends and it just doesn't fill the void that I have. People say get new hobbies. I joined golf. I'm doing skating. I joined a gym for the first time in my life. I really started doing more art stuff. Still still cannot get over my ex. >> Those things aren't working because she doesn't want them to work. She wants to stay miserable so she can feel sorry for herself. Plus, it gives her even more excuses to complain about her life. >> So, we have a court order signed by the judge that the child goes with him. It's signed by the judge. >> The Marian County one. >> So, so here's the deal. She's talking about if we take her, she's going to go to jail. I We don't want to arrest her cuz it's going to do nothing but make her look bad. We don't want her in trouble. We don't >> even cuz then if she get tries to go to get the kid back and it looks like she got arrested why we did this. >> Come here. by order of the judge. >> But but listen to but please listen to me, dear. >> It takes a lot of work to get a court order to do something like this and her nervous breakdown just proves that the child is better off and safer with their father. >> If we if >> by us doing this signed by a judge, if if she ends up getting arrested for interfering with this while we're doing it on behalf of the judge, >> I look real bad on her and I don't want her in trouble. I don't. Please trust that. So, >> it's signed by a judge. >> It's disturbing to know how many children are growing up in homes just like this. A lot of these kids had their futures stripped away from them because of crap like this. >> I'm literally sitting on my bathroom floor. I just need to talk about this really quickly. Divorce is very hard, especially when you have kids. I got married with the intention of staying with that person forever, right? because I had a child with them and I wanted that family to be this perfect family. That didn't happen, right? And now I have to deal with not having my daughter all the time and it breaks my freaking heart. You have no idea. >> She's crying because her daughter is spending time with her father, but she's acting like she's moved away permanently. She's acting like the father doesn't have any rights when her feelings are involved. her dad gets her every other weekend and I know I get her a lot of the time and it's it's it's just you just feel like a bad mom when you're not with her. >> Every other weekend is 4 days a month. That's less than 100 hours a month with his own daughter. That's a crime within itself, but it's made worse because she has the kid most of the time instead of all the time. Apparently >> in November, I decided I no longer wanted to be a responsible parent and I gave up my kids. I was just tired of being responsible and caring for them. I felt like I was too young and I wanted to go out there and experience life. And I started dating someone else. So, it just didn't fit with my new lifestyle. And I didn't have anything to worry about because the other parent is a very responsible parent. But now I'm here because now I'm in child support. And to top it off, I'm really pissed off that I took care of them all the way up to November and I couldn't claim them on my taxes because the other parent had already claimed them. >> Imagine being one of this mother's children and seeing that video being posted online. How is that kid supposed to feel when he finds out his own mother hates him for not being able to claim him on her tax return? >> Sometimes being a single mom makes me feel completely robbed of my motherhood experience. Like I just know I know deep in my bones that if I had more support I could show up better. I know I would be more patient. I would have so much more time to just like pour into myself and be a better mom and also pour into my son. But being a single parent or an only parent means that you're literally doing everything on your own. You carry 100% of the burden. >> That's why it's called being a single parent. It almost sounds like she expected to keep the benefits of being a wife without having to be married anymore. She honestly didn't expect life to be so hard without financial support. And sometimes I wonder who I would be if I had more support during my pregnancy, especially when Adrian was younger and especially now. And then you wonder like how your kid's going to remember you. And usually when you have two healthy parents, someone can just step in when the other one's having a mental breakdown or they need space. And you don't get that when you're a single parent. Or at least you don't get that when you're the only parent. And the kicker is that you can never fully lean into your maternal energy because you're always shapeshifting from masculine to feminine because you have to give tough love too. And sometimes I don't want to be the bad guy. >> This is why these children have such a rough life. These women act like what their husbands did was easy and they are shocked to find out that a mother cannot do the role of the father. It never ends well for the child. Any major life decision, any parenting decision is made completely on your own. And you will spend 50% of the time wondering if it was the right call and not having anyone to be like, "Yes, babe. That was right or you're not crazy or I back you on that." Not to mention realizing that literally 90% of the memories that I make with my son, I'm the only one who will remember and I have no one to share them with because kids don't remember stuff. And I know I'm a good mom, but I just know it's not supposed to be this hard. She could have had all of those things if she just did her part to keep the marriage working. But that's never the case with single mothers like these ones. >> I hate to be one of those women that come on TikTok and cry and people are like, "Why is she doing that?" I'll tell you that almost two years ago I me my ex and I divorced after 23 years of marriage. And it's been almost two years. It has been the hardest, most loneliest time of my life. I mean, if somebody would have said that I would feel and walked through what I have walked through, I would have said, "No, I won't cuz I will not make it. I will not survive very long. I just pulled in my driveway from work and I don't want to go inside because my kids aren't home this week. I also when I look to the left I see our basketball court and two basketballs in the yard and I'm not going to move those. They're reminders of these precious children that I have and that I can't stop. But man, times like this suck when I don't want to go inside my home because there's no one to go home to. No one is in there waiting for me. I will not be greeted by anybody. And that is a really hard place to be. >> But anyway guys, we are going to be leaving today's episode there. As always, don't forget to subscribe to the channel if you are new here. Drop a comment and I will see you all in the next one. Make sure you take care of yourselves. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @taylorthefiend973 [137 likes]: Yo guys, hope you enjoyed (or endured) today's episode. 

Thanks Locke The Bounty Hunter for sending it in, you can find his channel here: 
https://www.youtube.com/@Lockethebountyhunter?sub_confirmation=1 

OG Video credit to Alpha Central, here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmW2cB42gts

Want to support the channel? Donate here: https://fiendgang.locals.com/support

Have a good one gents, 
Taylor.
  2. @ElvanSavkli: I think divorce is worse in modern society than traditional.th3y dont have any support .their family dont give any support..
  3. @ElvanSavkli: Why you are so hsrt on these women?
  4. @ryansheehan340: This is the funniest thing ive seen in a long time
  5. @julianobledo2285: Finally run into INCEL TV. Awesome.
  6. @NathanKnight777: Some women are like the moon with all them diffrent faces, a barren wasteland that craves the suns attention and warmth to exist. Others are like the earth, prodcuces children, fruit and life with the suns light.

Most modern women have chosen the luna loony path. Once he leaves they feel the covering leaving as well.
  7. @HeatherHasGame: Divorce is hideous, my mom divorced my dad and still hates him 25 years later. Her mom divorced her dad when she was a kid. The whole thing was insanely traumatic for me. I waited for my soulmate, had I not found him I was never going to get married.
  8. @peterbaker8443: I love every painful lonely they get, they deserve it all
  9. @1rudderbum: Duhh  !
  10. @zackjoseph9127: I dont understand how a woman can be married to a man and have children with him, not have to work, and then say that they settled for the bare minimum. It sounds like they ran out of free things to take from the husband and made him miserable so he became an unstable husk, thus giving them a reason to peace out of a problem they created
  11. @ChuckBeland: You people they do most of the commentary between the videos are irritating as hell shut the hell up and just play the video and keep your goddamn mouth closed
  12. @horuslupercal4323: we don't care
  13. @athanasiusofalexandria4304: I need to know the reasons here that they are single mothers. If their husband cheated then I have some sympathy. If they cheated or instigated the divorce for any other reason then whatever happens to them is on them.
  14. @808JOK3R: Notice how they continue to call him their husband lady he don't want any of u guys anymore
  15. @Tanqwer: It's so crazy. When they're married, they're on Tinder with a few side pieces. But the second the husband catches them, they immediately call the guys, ghost them, and then bitch about being lonely for decades instead of keeping on polishing their guys' barrels for free. Is it like some hardwired instinct in trout, and these women just can't help themselves? (Like when a fish heads to the exact same spawning grounds).
  16. @Clarky1967: Being married to a black woman would be a living nightmare!  But divorcing her would be nightmare fuel to the extreme!
  17. @Clarky1967: 2:22
Why are you touching his stuff like that?  If I were him I woulda photoshopped a pushy over her face!! 😂
  18. @Tucks28: Wow…. Stay single men💰✈️💰✈️😎
  19. @Alvio64: I just can't believe these people feel the need to post this crap on the internet
  20. @lisamccue1730: WHY would anyone regret their divorce? There must have been a good reason to do such a drastic thing. You should feel FREE.

- When Instant Regret Went Viral - Part 2: Kind: captions Language: en-GB NARRATOR: A moment of instant regret can be a truly remarkable thing to observe – be it funny, shocking, or just plain embarrassing. Thanks to the internet, we have a near-endless stream of regrettable moments at our disposal, and so, today we’ll be taking a look at some especially dim-witted individuals whose misguided shenanigans left them questioning their whole life’s decisions. From mud-covered calamities, and problematic piercings, to toilet trouble and much, much more, stay tuned as we check out some unbelievable moments caught on camera! [intro rolls] Now, we’ve all embarrassed ourselves at some time or other and totally regretted it. Like, for example, that one time I apparently singlehandedly ruined Santa for a bunch of kids and had a flood of angry parents in my comments. Uh, yeah… Sorry about that! But anyway, what happened to the lady in the clip you’re about to see is probably worse than anything you can list off. Just take a look at what happened when this one mom fearlessly dived straight into a children’s foam pit. [clip plays] Yeesh! Now, the only positive I can draw is that no children were injured during the making of this video – they all ran clear of the pit before they could find themselves at the mercy of momma’s leap of faith. The only thing that was injured here was this poor woman’s dignity. I mean, imagine so severely lacking the upper body strength that you have to be more or less airlifted out, and having it all caught on camera. Yikes. Well, like I said, we all embarrass ourselves sooner or later. And in another case of adults behaving badly, this next fella was splashing around in his local pool, when his mischief ultimately ended in disaster. As the old saying goes, ‘don’t do the crime if you can’t do the time’. Yep, after hiding inside the waterslide as the water-park was closing, this hooligan flew under the staff’s radar and wound up being locked inside the slide. And while during his incarceration I’m sure he came to regret his tomfoolery, it pays to remember: if you play silly games you win silly prizes! A sentiment that clearly got lost on this next guy who, as you’ll soon see, severely overestimated the abilities of his car. Last I checked, Vauxhall Zafiras aren’t amphibious vehicles, which is why our driver immediately lost control and floated helplessly down the street. In just a few moments this guy managed to irrevocably damage not only his car, but his street cred too. But as if sinking your car into a huge puddle wasn’t social anxiety-inducing enough, there are worse places to get stuck – or should I say, get your hand stuck, as the girl in this next clip can certainly attest. (speechless) uh, well-wha-uh, h-how?! Well, the good news is this wasn’t in the pursuit of turds, but rather the girl had accidentally dropped her razor down there. And having made the regrettable, not to mention unhygienic decision to hurl her hand in to retrieve it, she ended up getting stuck. And well, it doesn’t get much more embarrassing than having to be escorted out by firemen while your hand is lodged down a poop shoot. I mean, considering razors are generally pretty inexpensive, would I personally shove my bare hand down the toilet to retrieve one? Probably not. But hey, that’s just me. Moving along now, and when Canadian TikToker, Mollie O’Brien, was attempting to make her younger cousin laugh, she definitely managed to do that – albeit, very much at her own expense! Talk about putting yourself in harm’s way – or rather, harmonica’s way. Safe to say that Mollie’s cousin, along with millions of other viewers who watched the clip, got a laugh out of this. In the end, Mollie had to have the harmonica professionally removed at the dentist – at which point she should’ve asked them if her wisdom teeth were coming in, as clearly, she ain’t all that wise! Also speaking to a severe lack of wisdom is this next girl who demonstrates why it’s probably not a great idea to wear a lip piercing whilst having braces. [winces] Ouch! I can almost feel her pain – not to mention regret!... I mean, imagine not even being able to cry or talk because it will either rip your skin or tear your braces out! Interestingly, it doesn’t seem possible for the beaded end of the piercing to have slipped under there on its own; so this pain seems self-inflicted, which is even more embarrassing! But trust me, for self-inflicted embarrassment and discomfort, we’re just getting started. Haha – that face says it all! It was all going so well until attempting the splits. And trust me, I’m speaking from experience when I say, that’s gonna hurt in the morning! Speaking of bruised bodies and egos, this lady overextended a little when she came across a punchbag in the arcade. Yeah… She sure packs a mean punch, alright. But in all honesty, I really don’t see how it could have gone much worse than it did. That said, she could maybe stand a chance against Jake Paul, right? But it seems folks far and wide are getting themselves into messy situations, as you’ll definitely see in this next clip. Check it out. All I can say is thank God that muddy mom’s daughter was there – not to help her of course, but to get her misfortune on tape for our viewing pleasure. Now this is what the internet’s for! In fact, in a similar occurrence, two pals were out dog walking through the countryside, when they came across a steep slippery hill. TikToker Claire Styles whipped out her phone to try and catch it on camera. Claire well and truly got her dose of karma for laughing at her pal! And while I’m sure the whole experience of sliding down a hill and getting drenched in mud was less than ideal, she’s probably very grateful that she already had her camera rolling considering how she’s racked up millions of views on TikTok. But moving onto another slippery one, and when this next lady was attempting to mount a floating inflatable in the water, things soon went south. My favourite part is the extreme lack of concern from her husband and daughter who, as you could hear, were immediately in hysterics. [clip rolls] But I must admit, with that rolling plop into the water, I’d find it hard not to laugh too! But if you’re hungry for more anti-athleticism, then just get a load of this next clip of a lady in Brazil attempting to bowl. Emphasis on the word attempting! Strike?... I mean, there’s no denying that she definitely struck something. Still, the way she was able to hurl that hefty ball so far up was pretty darn impressive. But while we’re talking about throwing things, this next video comes from a guy who, for some strange reason, thought it might be a good idea to throw his phone in the air while trampolining. Spoiler alert: it didn’t go well. Ouch! Right in the goolies… I mean, if that isn’t the face of a man who instantly regretted his decision, then I don’t know what is! What’s ironic is that his idea was throwing the phone would get the perfect shot – and I think it’s fair to say the phone certainly did get THE perfect shot. But if you wanna enjoy a near-endless stream of people doing stupid and regrettable things, there are plenty more where that came from on my channel. Not only that, but science, history, and all types of fun facts that’ll leave you amazed! So, hit that like and subscribe button, and let me know down in the comments if you’re enjoying the video. Cool, now let's get back to it with one grandad and his grandchild were playing with a toy plane, But what's that? It suddenly took a bit of a crash landing. Pow! Right in the kisser! Well, no one ever said aviation was easy, I guess! But while navigating the skies can be understandably difficult, sometimes the ground itself presents similar trouble. Take a look… Talk about sending granny to an early grave! And while it is pretty bizarre that there is just a huge secret hole there, which some have suggested may connect to a basement or drainage system - I have my own theory that it is clearly a warp pipe to the Mushroom Kingdom. Poor lady probably had a bunch of Goombas and Piranha Plants nibbling at her ankles! Speaking of older folks having a hard time, though, grandparents are not always the best when it comes to keeping up with technology. For example, when one TikToker attempted to introduce her grandma to a fun, moving, optical-illusion camera filter, things quite literally went in a downward spiral… You can almost see the poor old dear’s life flash before her eyes as the illusion throws her straight off-balance. And while I’ll admit that it was funny, I wouldn’t wanna be the person responsible for Granny’s second hip replacement after startling her with a TikTok filter. And while the older generations may struggle to get to grips with modern tech in general, the younger generations still encounter their own, different batch of tech-related issues. While partaking in a fun little TikTok dance, the girl up next seemed to get a little carried away. So much so, it ended fatally for her laptop… Oh dear… several thousand dollars eliminated in one small leap. What’s funnier is just imagining her explaining this to the staff at Apple’s Genius Bar. In our modern era, regrettable decisions seem to occur endlessly, particularly online. Whether it be questionable haircuts, cringey social media posts, or as in the case of these next teens, attaching a DIY hammock to a precarious makeshift bunkbed. It’s what all the teens are doing these days! What’s most concerning is that you can see that their bunkbed was actually just a standard bed propped up by shelves, meaning it was already incredibly unstable. Perhaps these girls would do well to pay a bit more attention in physics class! In 2023, French TikToker, Loriana, decided to try the viral Kylie Jenner lip challenge from 2015. Which, if you don’t remember, saw individuals suctioning their lips by sucking all the air out of cups, in order to make their lips swell and look more plump. But despite this being dangerous, what with it potentially causing bruising and long-term nerve damage, Loriana went ahead and did it anyway – albeit 8 years late to the party. And let’s just say the results were, uh, interesting… it really doesn’t look that bad if you just squint your eyes a little, or you know, close them completely. I know fuller lips are currently all the rage, but this? This is a health concern above all else! Thankfully, you can relax - this clip’s lips are actually puffed up by a video filter, and not actual DIY cosmetic trickery. But let’s move onto another beauty related regret, and one that is painfully real. Now, we’ve all had bad hairdos. The early 2000s were not a great time for me… However, when this next woman attempted to dye her hair by herself at home, she found out the hard way about what happens when you don’t leave it to the professionals. Uh, yeah, I don’t think she intended for that to happen… Essentially, what Stephanie here did was bleach her hair, which removes pigment from darker hair to achieve lighter colours, such as blonde. However, if done too regularly, or left in too long, like Stephanie evidently did, it can severely damage the hair, causing it to become dry, brittle, and prone to breakage, with a stringy and stretchy consistency. And as I think Stephanie’s expression made very clear, this wasn’t really the look she had in mind. In another hairy situation, one TikToker was attempting to roll her hair with a round brush, though she soon got herself into a bit of a knot… [clip continues] Wow. What an emotional rollercoaster. If you couldn’t tell by the red face, tears, and streams of mascara, this really was a moment of intense regret. But hey, at least she eventually managed to get it out – and, appropriately, yeeted it straight into the trashcan for evermore. Moving onto another failed beauty look, TikToker, Holly Sasha, decided to go with a bit of an avant-garde look when she covered her entire face in a kaleidoscope of rainbow hearts. Now, the artistry and workmanship are undeniably impressive. However, it seems Holly hadn’t considered one very important factor… Damn, that really wasn’t coming off. Holly used face paints by a company called Grimas, whose website claims the paints should come off eventually, with a good amount of warm water, soap, shampoo, or cleansing lotion. The time-frame isn’t specified though, so for all we know, Holly could still be wiping away right now! But that wasn’t the first and certainly won’t be the last time someone makes the same fatal error. Another girl’s Halloween costume had a similarly lasting effect after she chose to paint her face a vibrant shade of blue. And, just to clarify, she went as the very iconic Halloween character of… a balloon – which is actually scarier than you’d imagine. Take a look. Now she’s looking a little deflated, huh?... You might also say she’s got the blues. Okay, I’ll stop now. But there really is no denying how hilarious it is to imagine her turning up to work with the remnants of her blue hue still on her face. But if you wanna see something really scary, then just get a load of this next face paint disaster. And if that already didn’t give you nightmares, just imagine this fella appearing at the foot of your bed during a spell of sleep paralysis – truly terrifying. But moving on to the last of the face paint bunch, this last guy was left looking a little red in the face after attempting to dress up as a flamingo. Because you know, all good ideas begin with dressing up as a flamingo… if being severely sunburnt ever comes into fashion, then this guy is definitely way ahead of the curve. Though having learnt his lesson the hard way, I doubt he’ll be in a rush to be dressing up as a flamingo anytime soon! But of all the regrettable messes people have gotten themselves into, the one caused by these next two little boys is arguably one of the worst. If you were planning on having kids, you might be left rethinking that after seeing this next video. Boys will be boys, am I right? Only these boys decided to, quote, (in a British cockney accent) ‘sled straight through the mud like 20 million times’… And clearly by the look of the little one on the bike, his muddy mischief wasn’t the best choice he’s ever made. But some lessons, I’m afraid, need to be learnt the hard way. Like for example, we all know that the British Royal Guards have very serious work to do. And while many tourists might assume they’re merely the same as the cartoon mascots of Disney World, these guys, as you’ll soon see, are not quite as approachable as Mickey and the gang… Message loud and clear. But hey, looking after a mythical institution – uh, I mean the royal family – is very serious work! Although I have to say, the fact that these guys are called the King’s ‘lifeguards’ instantly makes me think of swimming – and let’s just say, I certainly don’t want to imagine King Charles in a bathing suit… Aaanyway, moving onto something completely unrelated before I get demonetised for treason, when one guy was on a zipline in Hawaii, he was seemingly having the time of his life. That was, until an unexpected disaster happened. Take a look! Seems he was having a bit tooth much fun. All jokes aside, let this be a lesson that it’s probably best to remove any dentures before doing extreme sports. Still, it’s kind of fun to think that somewhere down there in the woods below, there may be a wild boar or something sniffing around this toothy retainer and trying it on for size. Speaking of wildlife, when this next guy caught a wild squirrel in a cage, he decided to show off his catch to TikTok. Only, his method of showing said squirrel wasn’t the brightest idea… I mean, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out that if you want to keep an animal caged you should probably keep the cage, I don’t know, CLOSED? Honestly, with the lack of braincells some people have, it’s a wonder that they’ve managed to survive so far in life! Likewise here, one dimwit made the mistake of not closing their window in mid-winter… in NORWAY… And as you can see, their entire room wound up being avalanched by a sheet of snow. Sure, it might look pretty whimsical now, but once the central heating kicks in, and that stuff melts, that’s when the real chaos begins! Onto yet another regrettable disaster, this next guy innocently opened a glass door when all of a sudden things took a rather unexpected turn. Jesus! Talk about a jump scare! So how did that happen? Well, tempered glass like that is designed to break into smaller pieces rather than large, dangerous shards. And it’s usually super strong, but if there’s a fracture along the narrow edge, it can explode into those tiny glass pieces; and in this case, it looks like the edge snagged against the raised floor inside the room – and BOOM! Speaking of jump scares, that reminds me of this next clip where a guy was shopping at a Halloween store in Tennessee. And well, after toying with one of the decorations, he received the fright of his life. Yikes! Dude looked ready to square up! And if it’s scary enough to spook a grown man, imagine what it’d to a group of unsuspecting trick or treaters! Now, if there’s anywhere where things can and probably will go wrong, it’s in the kitchen. Let’s face it, being a chef isn’t something that comes natural to all of us, and this next guy certainly exemplified that when he attempted to flip a pancake. What could possibly go wrong?... I mean, considering that this clip came from a soccer team, I would hope that his aim is somewhat better on the pitch! Still, I’m hardly one to judge – it’s rare that I eat without getting food down myself. This next young lady, likewise, is no stranger to over-excitement causing a little chaos. She was attempting to celebrate with a bottle of champagne, and decided to get the fizz flowing by shaking up the bottle. Only, she seemed to have a bit of a hard time getting the cork off – at first. Talk about a money shot, huh? I guess this is why they call it cham-pain… Now, on first watch, it might seem as if the cork hits her in the face, but on slow motion replay analysis, it appears the cork actually shot right past her, though the champagne certainly gave her a generous blasting to the face. Well, at least she enjoyed a taste of success, even if it was a little intense! In a similar vein, this next TikToker had a very messy incident whilst eating her breakfast on the go. Oof, that’s a rough start to your day. Something tells me she had to make a trip back home! But hey, I’d be lying if I said I’ve never had to make a trip back home due to a brown disaster – though that’s a story for another day! [outro rolls] And with that, I’m afraid, is all from me today. Let me know which moment of instant regret you found the funniest and be sure to like and subscribe. And as always, thanks for watching. I’ll see you in the next one!

  Top Comments:
  1. @lenticular-m: Дівчина просто не хотіла забивати каналізацію своєю бритвою
  2. @visceratrocar: The tongue ring just needs to be unscrewed. That's how it got there in the first place. Probably hurts, but really not hard to remove.
  3. @sharonsmith8504: 0:59 you and my towns paper at the time.  Beginning of December they ran a headline Santa arrested.
  4. @WhaDiff: 😂😂😂 I love the mythical institution comment.
  5. @maggsbufton1969: The lip piercing and braces situation is a good reason to keep the hardware out of her lips.
  6. @karenshubert3433: The lady sliding down the muddy hill had me rollin '!!
  7. @lucanandrews774: ... the razor may be inexpensive, but the plumbing disaster probably costs more than getting the toilet replaced after they remove it... but then again, the medical costs would likely outweigh the plumbing disaster
  8. @lisaherrick2610: I was sure the girl with the hand in the toilet had dropped her phone and not a $2.00 razor that had God knows what germs on it!
  9. @Karen-k1k3z: Oh my gosh the guy that opened the cage on the squirrel had me rolling on the floor!😂
The girl with the champagne was extremely lucky! If that cork had hit her in the eye, she could have lost her eye. It certainly would have damaged it! If that cork would have hit her in the mouth she would have lost teeth!
  10. @Karen-k1k3z: I've only done the splits once in my life all the way to the floor. I was in ballet class and attempted it. I literally heard crunching the last few inches! Never again.
  11. @victoriaglovasa9244: Slippery hill is so much fun, missing my childhood. That was our slide before...
  12. @CamSal2113: Mosly mid clips tbh.
  13. @JohnkagayakuX: too much filler in the video, it would half the time with out it.
  14. @wildflowertoocay1768: 15:40 See, i just think these people are morons or something because ive bleached and dyed my own hair at home on multiple occasions and never had any problems because i simply followed the proper instructions on the box and didnt do it so close between each time (last time i bleached by hair was like 4 months ago, and after that it mustve been 4 or so years. and dye doesnt do THAT kinda damage)
  15. @jamesdavid6895: Some of these idiots do it on purpose just so you the viewer can simply like them smdh sad
  16. @TrueInvisible: how about, stop oversharing everything with the internet? how about stop trying to get fame over everything? 
how about not painting your skin, or face, or anything else with things you'll regret guaranteed? 
how about not getting stupid piercings, that you'll regret guaranteed later on? is it hard to ignore "internet challenges" this much?
  17. @mikl12354: Back when Be amazed was a savage lmao
  18. @pblreza: stupid people don't know their stupid
  19. @rahi1410: 6:09 there is no fkin way that lady punched herself instead of that punchbag :face-orange-raised-eyebrow:
  20. @ThatChunkyDoge: Play stupid games, win stupid prizes and let others laugh at the misery the dumb ones did to themselves

- Chipotle Offers Manager Fired After Viral Video Her Job Back: Kind: captions Language: en WATCHED STATION, THIS IS WCCO 4 NEWS. WELL, THANK YOU FOR JOINING US. THE MANAGER AT A CHIPOTLE IN ST. PAUL NOT ONLY HAS HER JOB BACK, THE COMPANY MADE A FULL APOLOGY. IT ALL STARTED AFTER A VIRAL VIDEO LED THEM TO PROMPTLY FIRE HER. MIKE AUGUSTYNIAK POSTED THIS ON HIS TWITTER PAGE ON FRIDAY. IT HAS BEEN VIEWED MORE THAN 7 MILLION TIMES. IT SHOWS THE MANAGER ASKING THE MEMBER TO PROVE THAT THEY COULD PAY BEFORE THIS ORDERED. SHOWED HOW THE CAPTURED THE COUNTRY'S ATTENTION. BECAUSE YOU NEVER HAVE MONEY WHEN YOU COME IN HERE. Reporter: THIS VIDEO IS THE TALK OF THE NATION. CHIPOTLE TERMINATED ONE OF ITS RESTAURANT MANAGERS IN MINNESOTA OVER THE WEEKEND. AS REACTION EXPLODED ONLINE, A NEW REVELATION POPPED UP ON THE VERY SAME TWITTER ACCOUNT. BUT NOW A SERIES OF TWEETS BY THE 21-YEAR-OLD MAN WHO POSTED THE VIDEO MASUD ALI HAVE SURFACED IN WHICH HE TALKS ABOUT DINING AND DASHING. Reporter: THOSE TWEETS MENTION TAKING THINGS SPECIFICALLY FROM CHIPOTLE. A GoFundMe PAGE WAS QUICKLY SET UP TO RAISE MONEY FOR THE FIRED MANAGER, ALSO AN ONLINE PETITION IN HER HONOR. AND LATE MONDAY, THE COMPANY WHO QUICKLY FIRED THE MANAGER BOLDLY APOLOGIZED SAYING "BASED ON OUR REVIEW, WE HAVE OFFERED OUR MANAGER HER JOB BACK WHILE OUR NORMAL PROTOCOL WAS NOT FOLLOWED SERVING THESE CUSTOMERS WE PUBLICLY APOLOGIZE TO OUR MANAGER FOR BEING PUT IN THIS POSITION." CRISIS

  Top Comments:
  1. @rorosnusnu2035 [3 likes]: 13% ruin everything.
  2. @UGENEMurphy [2 likes]: And the usual suspects are? 🦍s😂
  3. @katshades [2 likes]: Somalis love dining and dashing here in Columbus. Trump was right
  4. @ericecho5118 [1 likes]: Fix your title
  5. @CHAD-182: Sue for wrongful termination
  6. @larrymiller2665: The lead makes NO sense
  7. @youtubecrack: There's a Subway by me that keeps asking me to pay first. I assume it's because I walk up there and I've got a backpack.. they're nice about it though.
  8. @user-PeteBronxUSA: And these low lives, let this girl get fired. God bless America these days. You can’t make this up.
  9. @user-PeteBronxUSA: Hell, no!!!! you can have your job and I will see you in court.
  10. @BuckeBoo: Yeah, its real difficult for corporate to get a full picture by actually talking to the employee before they fire them.  Real difficult.
  11. @Carl-l8h: They offered it back because Starbucks got nailed with a lawsuit in a similar case. $25 million.
  12. @Handle8954: In Farmers Branch TX, they stalk and harass Mexicans 24/7
  13. @Phishphantom: See the Bullsh*t these MUSLIMS cause. Get them out of USA
  14. @seantf1414: Easy fix, move the register to the front of the line. Pay then walk the food line.
  15. @WhatTheFWord: My Head hurts from the title..
  16. @bocotton4419: I feel like this entire video is made with Ai
  17. @Nwsance: We reviewed the video and saw they did NOT in fact look like they could pay 😂
  18. @Ghostdog4: Looks like Chipotle management wrote the title to the video
  19. @jackmehoff6302: Wait you mean the black was stealing???  Thats impossible
  20. @skyfall9549: That's what i hate about black people always pulling that cause I'm black

- Ethics in Purchasing: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] let's say one of your company suppliers sends a fruit basket to your office as a thank you for choosing their business another vendor offers you tickets to a concert in exchange for working with your company while these gifts may seem like inconsequential freebies they're actually not free more often than not they come with strings attached these types of gifts can sway your opinion of that supplier and Cloud your judgment which can influence business decisions down the line purchasing professionals need a clear understanding of Ethics beyond what is laid out in the law to avoid sticky situations steer clear of gifts and favors while we all like to receive presents gifts often hold a greater meaning in purchasing put simply gifts and favors impact a buyer's ability to be impartial and fair think about it if a vendor sends you a gift card to your favorite store you're likely going to view them in the positive light now what if that same vendor started delivering their products late but continued sending you gift cards you'd be faced with an ethical dilemma and probably feel obligated to keep working with the supplier even though their poor Behavior was directly impacting your business's is bottom line gifts nearly always come with strings attached in fact depending on the context they can even be viewed as bribes or kickbacks bribes paid in return for securing a contract did you know that a bribe doesn't often need to be cash offering free vacations or an expensive dinner anything of value could be considered bribery furthermore evaluating the supplier's performance is a crucial step in the purchasing process it allows the purchasing specialist to determine how well the supplier is following through on its promises and whether they should use the supplier again in the future receiving gifts impacts one's ability to conduct a truly impartial review follow your company's ethics policy and be sure to listen to your gut accepting a gift might not seem like a big deal but thinking about the potential long-term consequences what message does it send to the vendor how might it even impact your judgment even unintentionally how can it be interpreted by management by customers purchasing professionals should make decisions based solely on the supplier's performance not its perks

- Don't Buy This Cat Tree: The Ethics of Influencing: Kind: captions Language: en I got a cat tree on the internet I'm a cat content creator so I decided to film the process of putting it together and I had planned on using the video to talk about the importance of vertical space for cats but in the process of doing so I started to feel uneasy because I was like I don't want anybody to think that this is an ad because I don't want anybody to buy this cat tree because this cat tree shouldn't exist I got it on Wayfair which was the lesser of the evils it was being sold on the Alternatives being Amazon or t-u it was way too cheap given the environmental impact of producing this thing and shipping it across the globe and I expect it to last a few years Max at which point it will end up in the landfill but I got it because I saw it in the background of somebody else's YouTube video and I thought it was cute they weren't even featuring it I just looked it up using Google lens and now by putting it on my channel I'm continuing the cycle I am by virtue of existing advertising it being a pet fluenc has been my part-time job for the past four years it has on occasion paid my rent and has been keeping me afloat during a time of major career instability and I want to quit last summer my career and dreams went out the window as the animation industry ground to a halt so I decided to throw myself full-time into the wonderful world of influencing I already had combined across platforms almost a million followers for my cat I threw myself into the wonderful world of pet fluencing the algorithm of them knew that I was a pet fluenc and it started showing me real after real of people transparently sharing that their dog made them hundreds of thousands of dollars a year some of them were selling courses so we have to question the transparency but there had to be a nugget of Truth in there right I went from posting in frequently to posting three times a week because the algorithm rewards consistency I built out a Content calendar and a library of footage I was strategic and I started pitching I made a Media Kit I went through the process of negotiating and I landed a couple brand deals all said and done it was going fine the concept of influencing is easy to hate and I think that's a really lazy take nearly all jobs exist for the purpose of selling something we don't treat graphic designers with vitriol despite the function of graphic design being at least in the marketing sector to communicate brand identity when I worked in animation that was by far the most fulfilling job I'd ever had but the purpose of making a show is still to generate revenue for the studio the direction of our show was frequently influenced based on audience reception at the request of the Network characters locations or plot points that were driving either more views or toy sales would be featured more frequently hi F come on but does that sound familiar doing things for the sake of views it's no coincidence that when we think of an influencer we think of a beautiful woman taking selfies we chastise influencers for being self-absorbed but is it impossible for a woman to be self-aware to be playing a character in an online TV show and is it a problem if she knows that she's pretty what is the difference between a businessman promoting his business to other businessmen and a woman selling skincare products to other women does the businessman not use likability or looks to his advantage to me a lot of influencer hate boils down to how dare a woman be hot and charming and successful the vile temptress and trust me I feel weird talking about this when my account is about my cat to be fair he's a very beautiful cat but I've spent a lot of time learning about this industry and there aren't a lot of differences whether you're promoting cat food or running shoes influencer marketing Works in a survey conducted by matter Communications in 2023 of over a thousand people pulled 81% said they had either purchased or considered purchasing a product after seeing family friends or influencers post about it the most convincing influencers were those categorized as relatable personalities they ranked higher than influencers categorized as experts aspirational personalities and way above celebrity influencers the more trust you cult debate with your audience the more likely they are to buy your products you can carry that responsibility as ethically or as unethically as you choose ads don't perform as well as regular content on social media and brands are highly aware of this it's why they're such big fans of AD Frameworks like five tips for cat owners it's content that as a casual scroller I always hate to encounter because I'm like oh cool useful cat tips and then suddenly number three is like you have to feed your cat these special treats and then I realized that I've been bamboozled FTC regulations require that influencers disclose when something is an ad I can't tell you how many times Brands actively requested that I skirt those requirements they would ask me to make the call out text on a video as small as possible or to bury the disclosure that it was an ad at the bottom of the caption way under the hashtags and this is also where we've seen the rise of product placement in social media one of the more well-known proponents of this is bloom a powdered drink supplement it's very top of funnel I mean it verges on product placement in their already normal content you know we're not asking influencers to take our greens bottle and and give a whole sales Fitch about the product we want them to just show how they're incorporating it in their life if you see your favorite influencer using something enough it creates a positive Association it's advertising without realizing you're being advertised too I'm not going to call out this person by name but I will never forget seeing an influencer talk about her recent miscarriage while stirring a bloom drink lot to unpack I can understand expressing disappointment at somebody that you follow for making a dis tasteful choice but I also think that the criticism for marketing practices like these should be aimed more heavily at the brands that are pushing them than the individuals participating in them I see post sneering at influencers for charging insane rates but the brands are the ones getting a deal hello again in an interview with Bloom the co-founder Greg Leia hi my name is Greg Leia said that the cost per 1,000 views was a tenth of the cost on Tik Tok than they paid on YouTube or for podcast ads the cost is even higher for traditional forms of marketing like TV ads are really expensive if you're talking where our influencer program is at now it's well below $10 so we're able to get millions of views for a fraction of the price that the average business is getting at he went on to lament that influencers are more aware of their rates these days now that everybody has an agent so they're less able to rip influencers off poor Bloom I would always cringe when posting an ad and I felt guilty for it I would try really really hard to only partner with brands that I either authentically used or had wanted to use and sometimes I think I was just overthinking the whole thing which would be the first time that's ever happened because plenty of people enjoy seeking recommendations from creators online sometimes accounts serve as Aggregates like they're experts in their field and they've tried all sorts of solutions and they found the best ones and there's a sort of chicken then egg way to go about this where you can sign up for an affiliate link when you know that there's a product that you want to recommend I've definitely done this approach but by virtue of being an affiliate you are to a degree representing the company at which point there are limitations to what you can say before you risk damaging that relationship is total authenticity ever possible when money is involved but then that would also include the music that we listen to and the shows that we watch and literally anything that we participate in so it's almost like we would have to make some sort of fundamental change to society in order to remedy that so let's scrap that and move on I didn't like the feeling of making authentic connections to people and then turning around and trying to sell things to them and I especially didn't like doing that while being encouraged by Brands to do so as sneakily as possible it felt gross I've mentioned this before but I think that the problem is a lot worse in short form content than it is in long form I'm a lot more comfortable seeing an ad in a YouTube video because it's clear that it's an ad I have agency in choosing whether or not to engage with it and because of that agency I feel more comfortable enjoying it I don't mind a well-done commercial what I don't want is to be tricked I would much rather influencer marketing look like celebrity cameos and commercials where so and so is endorsing Coca-Cola I don't think it's wrong to participate in the game but I came from a marketing background and I left that to pursue animation because I wanted to be closer to making something that was purely creative and I want to move closer to that Pursuit and not further away from it so I find myself at a Crossroads with the future of my career uncertain and frankly the future of all careers uncertain I find myself asking what I would do if I could do anything I then immediately start clipping at the wings of this question and shaping it into you know what direction can I move towards that could be an Avenue towards a new career or at least open some new doors I feel decent at making content I enjoy it but please don't throw tomatoes at me I don't want to make content about cats anymore I started my accounts focused on Justin's use of the buttons and it's something that means a lot to me I think what means the most is how many people have told me that I have inspired them to start teaching their own cats and that it's changed their relationship for the better that makes me feel so happy and proud but if I think of myself 5 years in the future in a scenario where I dare to dream that the world isn't on fire and I succeed in whatever Direction I move towards I don't want to be known as like lady Jackson Galaxy I want to be known for my storytelling I love books and games and media anything that makes me feel nostalgic or makes the hair on the back of my neck stand on end I could talk for hours about old school Neopets and the way that the internet has changed what we have lost or how the Sims franchise became that which it sought to parody originating as a critique of capitalism and American Suburbia I used to make comics and I loved Towing that line between wistful and sad and also hopeful and I think I felt the most alive when I felt seen by those ideas so I want to try making video essays is what I'm saying I know that this is a hard pivot and what has prevented me from doing so is guilt I don't want to disappoint my audience I feel obligation to be a steward for the buttons because I genuinely believe that they improve the welfare of animals but I don't think that guilt and obligation is a good reason to continue doing something to be honest I think I'm probably still going to post talking videos on Tik Tok and Instagram I genuinely enjoy sharing Justin with you guys and I think that's easier to do when it doesn't feel like an obligation so don't panic but my YouTube channel has always been a little bit more about me just by virtue of the platform and I'm really encouraged by the feedback that I've gotten from people who like hearing me talk and like my ideas and the way that I see the world and I think that if you resonate with my curiosity and my empathy you might resonate with the rest of my interests as well I could be totally wrong and if you want to skidadle I'm truly not offended anyway my cat tree is finished and my cats genuinely love it they enjoy playing King of the castle and chasing each other up and down it I hope that you took something from this video I hope that you learn something but I hope that you don't buy this cat tree [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lys1998 [2 likes]: Coming from your more recent videos, your videos have this delightful combination of horror, fascination with the world, hope, that is extremely well presented. Never come across another youtuber who so consistently make me feel the same way, and your videos always leave me feeling richer and full of thoughts. It's like the opposite of slop. VERY grateful you took the step to make the pivot
  2. @turtlecatpurrz: I love video essays… subscribed now! I also love cats, so maybe they still get to be part of the fun occasionally, please? I’m currently living on team dog, but my heart is always and forever with the cats.
  3. @andiec0ree: im so glad you took that different approach because now you are one of my favorite channels! <3
  4. @quintessenceSL: Commercials make her mad, commercials make her really mad. Commercials are little funerals for every lost thought.
  5. @mr.berries4060: wow my newest favorite video essayist used to be a catfluencer thats crazy
  6. @AskASexCoach: Came here for the buttons and see you’re crushing it with your hard pivot—good for you!
  7. @luisfababa7254: I love video essays!!!
  8. @xX0Zone0Xx: Just subbed the other day, first video I watched of yours was the AI hallucination video and I loved it. Glad you made the change, and did it for you. Idk if I’m gonna get much further into the cat content but I’ll give it a go lol, can’t wait for your next mini doc/essay❤
  9. @stevengill1736: I don't mind people representing products, but when they outright lie, saying they use the product every day when they wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole rubs me the wrong way...
  10. @bi-furious5565: I came for the video essays and found cats.  Got a little whiplash from this transition, lol.
  11. @Jiminy-do-999: Damn I just discovered you in your Bunkers and Silos video essay, and I was like damn who is this legend, only to scroll back in time and learn that you can teach cats to talk, then experience the rollercoaster of your petfluencer career and subsequent disillusionment. Hats off to you for making cool art, communicating with animals, and having integrity.
  12. @SillygirlBugs: dayum girl cute cats, i would never even think about buying that tree you set up for them
  13. @carodame9419: Just found this channel. I don't think i ever saw your cat conntent but i am in lvoe with your video essays. I am so glad you made the change :)
  14. @postmodernpastoral: The first video of yours I saw is the persistence of decay and it literally changed my life. I've now watched it a few times

I don't care for cat content. So, I'm grateful for the change. I will be a patreon subscriber soon.
  15. @vanillash7489: Your newer videos these past few months are how I found you, and have been integral to how ive been shifting my mindset about life and the world so I knew this video wouldn't disappoint. Finally got around to it and I hope you know how much it has meant to me and others that theres someone out there with life experience and aspirations so similar, and that youre choosing to follow your heart. Might not mean much from a stranger on the internet but I'm proud of you and love your videos now :>
  16. @meerkat_ultra: Needed to hear this. It's everything I feel as well.
  17. @FearTheImpaler: As someone who found you through your new video essays (they are great!), this is such unexpected background lore lmfao.
  18. @Andy_WasBored: She quit i found her and cried for 4 hours in the break room thanks for that. Calling found you can sit comfortably now.
  19. @eezeedoesit: hey sweet girl, can u tell me what the drawing tablet is next to you. in this image please? BTW i am hooked on your channel well to be honest, i think im hooked on you,… so your honest, direct, sweet, good looking, there is something about you….
:face-red-heart-shape:😇
  20. @tedtorqueoholic3628: Hashtag fire content

- Morals vs Ethics Explained in 2 Minutes w/Memes: Kind: captions Language: en morals versus ethics ever wondered what the real difference is between morals and ethics is there even a difference in this video we will quickly take a look at these Concepts what are morals morals refer to guiding principles that shape a person's ideas about right and wrong they are often influenced by our environment culture and most importantly our belief system morals provide the foundation for ethical systems driving our desire to be good now on the other side of the same coin what are ethics ethics are specific rules and actions that dictate what is acceptable behavior within a particular group or setting unlike morals which are more about personal beliefs ethics are practical guidelines designed to ensure that everyone within a certain setting or Community follows a consistent set of rules so what's the main difference morals are about personal guiding principles while ethics are about practical rules of behavior a moral person aims to do the right thing based on their beliefs whereas an ethical code is a set of rules that people in certain professions or groups are expected to follow regardless of personal beliefs overlaps and conflicts it's important to note that what's ethical isn't always what's moral and vice versa for example in the the Mafia the code of Alta or silence is considered ethical within the organization but is morally questionable as it protects criminals from Justice conversely a lawyer who reveals their client's guilt might be acting morally to ensure justice but is violating ethical rules of attorney client privilege to put it simply think of the code of ethics for a particular profession like for doctors and lawyers versus moral paradigms of the religious that is all for today see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @radicalraqueza [1900 likes]: Basically what i learned, 
Morals: what i believe i have to do
Ethics: What i am supposed or expected to do
  2. @farzad228 [5 likes]: One is a judgement of morality and another is framework of that judgement.
  3. @SparklingSerenity01 [1 likes]: Personal guiding principles are morals 
Ethics are practical rules of behaviour
  4. @zacharyssillyadventures8467: But what am I actually supposed to do?
  5. @RichardHolmes-x5e: This is completely wrong. No serious ethicist would agree with these definitions at all.
  6. @zartic4life: They're the same thing a distinction without a difference. Humans instinctually label everything to try and make sense of a complex gradient world.
  7. @LionKing-c9y: It is considered good to kill evil.
  8. @alexbross8766: Any Germans here? Our words "Moral" and "Ethik" seem to have a totally different meaning and relation... False friends, wouldn't you agree?
  9. @swordracer: Well then you have collective ethics vs personal ethics
  10. @qc6057: Problem now, what reason does a person have to be either?
  11. @GrahamLapworth: Nooooo! Morals are good or bad, pick wrong you are immoral, morals are absolute for everyone one, not personal, its a judgement.
  12. @Pleasekneelonmythroat: just as a knee-jerk answer, before i have a chance to think about it:  ethics seems a bit slapped on based on what i deeply feel and how i want to be perceived as behaving, whereas morals seem a little more core, like if i were on a desert island would i rub up against a palm tree in an intimate way just cuz it felt good?
  13. @knknknknnk: I still didn't understand because I was just laughing at the pictures.😂😂😂😂 perfect, thanks 🙏🏻😂
  14. @virus3935: Watching this 3 hours before ethics exam
  15. @IsrealSmith32465: as someone with ADHD this was a really hard watch. Too many flashing images.
  16. @fingerlab_3919: this vid is probably good but idk i wasn't paying attention
  17. @Jammy._.: if your moral change because of environment and or culture then your morals are fake, this is what we call secular morality or mob morality whats moral to you now might not be moral later like slavery of theft or murder, morals should have a core and everything should fall either inside or outside of that moral core without it moving to adjust to environment or culture
  18. @MycashappIs-gssjdjdjdijd: Difference 
Morals: GODS compass, an inner knowing..
Ethics: Devils way of getting Man to create hell on earth by accepting life and the world as a whole to be evil and that’s just the way it is..
  19. @et1bas751: Ethics : right & wrong

   There are certain characteristics &  mental attitudes which cause about 20% of us  to oppose violently any betterment activity or group. Such people are known to have anti-social tendencies.  
   When the legal or political structure of a country becomes such as to favor such personalities in positions of trust, then all the civilizing organizations of the country become suppressed & a barbarism of criminality & economic duress ensues. Crime &  criminal acts are perpetuated by anti-social personalities.
   Inmates of institutions commonly trace their state back to contact with such personalities. Thus, in the fields of government, police activities & mental health, to name a few, we see that it is important to be able to detect & isolate this personality type so as to protect society &  individuals from the destructive consequences attendant upon letting such have free rein to injure others.
   As they only comprise 20% of the population &  as only 2_% of this 20% are truly dangerous, we see that with a very small amount of effort we could considerably better the state of society.
   Well-known, even stellar, examples of such a personality are, of course, Napoleon & 
Hitler, & other famous criminals were well-known examples of the anti-social personality. But with such a cast of characters in history we neglect the less stellar examples & do not perceive that such personalities exist in current life, very common, often undetected. When we trace the cause of a failing business, we will inevitably discover somewhere in its ranks the anti-social personality hard at work. In families which are breaking up we commonly find one or the other of the persons involved to have such a personality.
  20. @GeorgeMcCarthy-rn6og: Nicely done

- Think Before You Buy | Ethics of Consumerism & Green Technology: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hi. Hello. My name is Matrix number A25 Ka 0102. In this video, I want to explain about ethical consumerism and how our daily choice affect the environment. So, Sometime promotion [music] encourage us to buy more than we need. Ethical consumer think before buying to avoid waste. [music] Ethic of consumerism means making responsible choice. Choosing reusable product help reduce plastic waste. [music] Ethical consumerism sometimes require choosing long-term benefit of a [music] cheaper price. Green product may cost more but they are better for the [music] environment. >> [music] >> Green technology use renewable energy. Solar light work without electricity and help [music] protect the environment. As consumer we can [music] take action, buy only what we need. Choose eco-friendly products and responsible companies. In conclusion, active of consumerism support green technology and protect our environment. Small ethical choice today can create a sustainable future for tomorrow. That's all from me. Salamu allaykum. Bye-bye.

- 061: Vanity Metrics vs. Reality: The Ethics of Buying Followers and Beating the Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning, Ann. How are you? >> Hey, Matt. I'm good. How are you? >> I am doing great. Um, it's a Friday and um, you know, shit's getting done. So, I'm I'm always in a good mood when that happens. >> Same. I'm in a very much get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done mood today, too. the we had a conversation before which was when you're a small business and you're trying to um get a little bit more virality on social media and we're you know we're working we're kind of grinding it out with either videos or posts. We also had the convers we also kind of brought up, you know, what does it mean when you look at like follower counts or other vanity metrics that >> you feel are important, but are they truly important? >> And you know, I I think a lot of this goes into conspiracy theories because there's no there's no um Facebook, Tik Tok, and YouTube don't disclose their algorithms. >> Correct. Well, X does, but I mean those are a whole different piece anyway, but like main top three, they don't disclose how that works and it changes all the time. >> Yeah. >> So, what's your what's your opinion on that? Right. We talked about like, okay, you look at this account, they have 20,000 followers, but they get like 200 views on a video. So, what does that really mean? >> I love this. Great. Okay. Um, I actually just had a conversation about this yesterday with my new social media content creator partner who I just hired for my speaking business. I'm so excited. Uh, we were just talking about this and uh, I actually think the more followers you have, the more of a responsibility you have to make engaging content that gets high level of engagement because there are two two avenues that I see. One, there are a lot of accounts that have bought followers and they're bots, right? And so if you purchase followers and you go in and you see 200 views and likes on a video and they have 20,000, it's clearly there's a there's a disconnect. But >> well, well, hold on. That's not always true, though. I know. Um I so I use in we work with over 100 influencers. >> Mhm. >> And I would say more than 90% of them >> they don't work anymore. Um, and they had legitimate people working. You I don't know what the ratio of bot if there was a ratio of bots for their follower accounts, but we would post a video and like an hour later just get flooded with engagement that the camp I mean we don't and we look at it wasn't like the typical BS engagement. Some of it was, but it was like, okay, these are target audience. This is perfect and that's why we kept doing it. >> I But now they don't work anymore, but they still got the high follower count. >> Mhm. I don't think it's always true that it's just >> I was about it was either if you have low engagement and high follower account, it's either that you purchased your followers and their bot accounts or you have or had a high follower count from years and years of organic growth and now the algorithms might not be showing your videos to much of your audience at all. I mean, I've even heard on Instagram, your organic content that you post, if you're lucky, is maybe being shown to 5%, maybe 10% of your follower audience. >> Yes. >> Which is so shitty because your followers can't even find your stuff unless they go up to the tab to look at follower content. >> No, no, no. Is it though? Like, what? All that tells you is great, you don't have to look at followers anymore, >> right? Well, you if you follow them, you want their content. >> That's not true. We talked about this before that when we follow people, we're bookmarking their ideas for a later >> Sometimes, but sometimes you're actually following people that you want to see their content every day. >> It when you're looking at a feed when you're looking at a feed and the average person might be only viewing >> um you know, it's it's ephemeral, but like we'll say they're just for in 10 minutes pieces, they're only going to see so many new things, >> right? And it's like if you're following say 500 people and we'll say they all post frequently, which what what should the algorithm show you? >> Your highest engaged accounts. So the ones that you like or share constantly >> and it does do that. >> Yes, it does do that. >> And also you can favorite an account so that you always see it. >> But that's going like above that's going into the super subscriber mode, right? That's that's >> so what we were talking about yesterday, me and this this content creator is the the follower the Okay, so the followers that you have on your account actually matter outside of the algorithms more in the real world. So let's say for me I'm growing my speaking business. I want to go speak. So it's more of a letter of reference. So when they go Google me or look me up on my channels, the higher the follower count I have, that's validation that a I have been creating content that's of value or I have, you know, a a larger audience that they can capitalize on when they book me for an event because then I'm going to share that event with my follower base. So they view it as more impressions for advertising. But in the algorithms, in the in the channels, I actually don't believe that many people are even going to your account anymore. If they see a real or an ad or you pop up in um their flow just organically, they're they're just going to like that video and you can click follow right there from that post or that reel. You don't even have to click into the account anymore to follow. So, I don't even think people are looking a lot of times I don't think they're looking at your account to even see your followers. I think if they see a good piece of content that gets their attention, like what you and I said, they're clicking follow on that content to bookmark it for later. So that might you might start to flow in their feed a little bit more. But I don't even think within the app and within the algorithm, people are even looking at your account to see your followers. I don't think they care, but I think where they do care is outside of the apps and the algorithms and it's more of a resume. So now I view audience sizes as a resume. If you are trying to book a a job, right, if you're talent, if you're entertainment, if you're a speaker and it's like your letter of reference to say this many people follow me and like what I have to say, >> that's really the time that it matters. So, in a way, I'm now going to question you back and say in this time and this this age of algorithms and what it shows, is it actually valuable to then purchase followers to inflate your follower count even if your engagement is >> I think it I think you pretty much nailed it, which is it only matters outside the real world. So for a a company like mine, Follower Con means nothing >> because we make our money through people watching the videos and being interested and they Google us. >> They don't even bother clicking the link in bio anymore. That I don't know why that trend failed, but >> it used to work really well. >> Bios. That's Yeah, that's >> so weird. I I find it still weird. It's like But I I guess it makes kind of sense, I guess. But cuz I don't really click it in either, but still it used to work. But anyway, people just Google us. They don't even care really what account it came from. If the content's engaging, >> yeah, >> that's what they care about. They'll comment. >> So, we value a comment very, very high. So, when we get to post a video and it's like an agency owner comment on the video, >> that means more to us than the views >> because that means it reached the target audience. It reached someone that we were really trying to target and that's the hardest piece. >> Um the follower count, >> even the view count in that in that context doesn't really matter for us, >> right? Um, we have one video that has 26,000 um, views on Tik Tok that we posted recently. It's a trash video though. It's like and like the comments are really bad, too. >> And but but it's like >> it can get high views and we got like 30 followers from it. >> Interesting. >> We didn't even we didn't even do they're not even followers from our target audience, but they just bring it in there. >> It's like that that's why it doesn't matter. Like I don't want for a company like Chipbot. I don't want to spend my time on numbers that actually don't really lead to revenue, >> right? >> Um, we're a lean company, right? So, it's not like we're a high ticket product. So, we can't we can't afford to wait to spend money on the luxuries. I think follower count is a luxury and we're not in that business to figure that out. We're in the business of saying if we're going to use social media to make money, >> a video a video needs to just reach the target audience. It doesn't need to be go viral. just needs to reach the audience and that's my only singular goal. >> Yeah. And in my business in a way I am contemplating how to inflate my follower count so that my follower count looks like I'm reaching a lot of people. Here's why. This is why this is the ethical explanation of why I'm talking about potentially buying followers only because my content organically has a very high level of engagement. A lot of my videos that I haven't even paid to boost. They're just organic posted content >> have double to triple to quadruple the amount of views and engagement and likes and um re-shares on them. Then I have followers. So I have like 11,200 followers. They have,00 followers and a lot of my videos if they hit it depends on the time of day I post them will easily get 2 to 4,000 views. And so that's telling me something. My content is of higher quality because that's how Meta decides how how much to air it. And it's obviously outside of my follower base. So I have high engagement and I have low follower count. Let me um I I have a strong opinion on this. Two uh two points. One, just from a logical end social media knows that if you inflate your follower account, they're from bots. >> So, how do you think your your video distribution is going to get impacted from that? >> Right. >> So, you have to make a conscious decision. Do you just not care about views and just owning the follower count? >> Yeah. If that's true, then go ahead and do it, >> If you care about distribution, I wouldn't I wouldn't want to play with fire on that. >> Because you burn your whole handler, you have to restart from the beginning. >> I know. And then my question too is it ever you know if you do something that is oops and you're getting suppressed or um you know you've you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up your algorithm >> restart >> is there a time period on that same account that they >> no >> you don't know well you don't know they're not going to tell you >> I know >> so you you restart why would you waste time >> the second point I have is I think ethically >> it really I I would really advise on doing it because I think ethically it shows where your moral standards are. >> Yes, we're in a world where if you follow the rules, you are not rewarded. >> But this is >> there are a few things that people inflate. >> And we see this with with website building. >> Um when you visit a website and it says how many customers they have, um we see that number inflated a lot from other folks. Like this business just started. I don't see any presence online. It's like they can't have 10,000 signups. It's like impossible, >> right? Um people who inflate their ratings. >> Um like that's why I always tell look at our Trust Pilot. Don't even go visit our website. Visit our Trust Pilot and see what people real people are saying. >> A lot of other business don't link it. They just put a random four and a half star count. 10,000 people liked it. Fake fake profile pictures. >> I think buying followers is in the same realm. >> Yeah. Because you are trying to uh not you but the the the concept of it is trying to convince someone otherwise that you are legitimate. >> Exactly. >> And do you want that c person to find out later that you are not legitimate, >> Or not based on those facts. >> Yeah. You know what drives me nuts? Who's in that camp? those um there's a ton ever since I've switched over to being a speaker um that was a CEO and a founder like all of those titles are like just so kitschy the these these magazine publisher um journal people just constantly stalk me on social media and LinkedIn and want to get me the cover story or the spread or the article and um I fell for one of them and this is how I learned my lesson. Um it was a beautiful spread and the cover was great and the story was amazing but at the same time you are paying for fake publicity in a way it's not earned but also they all have social media accounts that are falsely inflated. So they have 60 100k. >> They have to because there's an image you have to you have to pay. >> The random person who doesn't know a whole lot about social sees that they go oh great I'm going to air you know my piece is going to be published to this page with all of these viewers but most of them are bots. They get a hundred maybe 200 likes or views on all of their posts. So you know that it's obviously falsely inflated. But you know the way that I view them would be if you falsely inflated it the way that I would view myself. So obviously I'm not going to do it. The other way I was going to talk about increasing follower count that has worked wonders for me is boosting my organic content. So it's not an ad, a social media ad. It's literally just paying to boost an organic post that did really well. And um when Fix and Form did manage social media accounts, this was part of our philosophy. We we would tell clients look at the last week in the analytics of what was posted and then look at the the piece of content that performed the highest or go a month in review and look at the piece of content that organically had the most engagement with it. Um, and that's going to be a high quality piece of content for your brand and your audience. And then go ahead and boost that for the next two weeks, >> which is which I think ethically that is in the gray area, but it's fine because it's approved by the it's approved by social media. So, >> well, boosting all boosting does I actually view it as highly ethical because all boosting does is you're paying the platform, which sucks. So you have to pay for it to show your piece of content to more people in the demographic base that you can create. So you can either automatically choose their recommendation, which is like all of the other follower accounts that you have, or you can create your own. And I've loved creating my own. So I've been messing around with that a bit more just to kind of test out who my new audience is going to be. Who now that I'm breaking into this different environment of my thought leadership brand, it's a different person. So, in January, I tested this target audience to boost a campaign and I and I put um you could put all of the interests that they have and then of course the age and the demographics of it. And the interests were of course like the gym, working out, health and wellness, therapy, self-development books. Um and so I started doing all of these interested in of who would like to really see my thought leadership content. It was the most fire boosted campaign I have ever seen. Like literally, I think I boosted for seven days and spent maybe $15 a day. It wasn't astronomical. And I think I acquired from that boost like over 75 new followers. >> Because it was getting the finally like I like I finally got to the right group of people. And so I don't view that as paying for followers. Sometimes you have to audit those followers. So >> I do. Yeah. A lot of them were gym rats. A lot of them were like accounts that were very much into health and wellness and like lifting and a lot of them were 6 to 20 to 30,000 plus follower accounts that were really established um and had some really good engagement that were following back. So I felt like they weren't like the spammy some of them. >> Yeah, that's good then. Yeah, if you validated it then it's good. were like half of the spammy bot looking ones that you're like this isn't a real account and you can tell what they were showing it to. >> But I think once you play around with it a bit more, it's just reach. You're you're paying for more reach. You're paying for air time. >> I disagree. I have gone through that. I've done through those both boosted posts all the time and I reach people and I get new followers, but they're not the target audience >> even though I put in all the targeting. >> Well, here's the difference. We're a B2B company and then plus we're in a niche of a of like you got to be in the website world. So if you think about the total possible audiences that you can target from >> from the algorithm, it's really hard to narrow that down. >> Versus like Jim, it's like already a third of the population you got covered. You got it's easy. >> Right. So it's different. I think it matters in who you're targeting too. >> Um everything you're saying is like those are easy targets. It also mean it's easier for someone else too. But that I think that makes sense for boosted posts. For us, we there's no point boosting posts unless I want to artificially increase view count from a certain video. But there's no but there's no benefit. I don't get I don't get a benefit. So I don't do that >> because for you if it's not converting to a customer, >> it's wasting money. >> It's literally just a money black hole. And for a vanity metric that doesn't I mean it makes it gives a little credibility if someone's on the page, but it's not enough to make a sale. Well, but my my question is this, which we don't know because they don't share the algorithms with us. But when a piece of content has a higher view count, whether it was organic or boosted, does then the algorithm start to share it more widely >> organic only. Organic only. >> Are you sure? >> 100%. >> How do you know that? >> Because we've test we test this all the time when we have there. So in the algorithms there most of them do the same thing. there are buckets you have to pass. So for example, there's a 200 to,200. Um, we'll say for uh I know I know Tik Toks really well. 200 to 800. You have to get to an 800 view with with a decent retention rate throughout the video past that bucket. >> The next bucket is the same bucket but increase view count. >> Gotcha. >> Which is like 20. It's like 1,200 to 2,000 2500. >> Then the next bucket is view counts plus engagement. So you got to pass these buckets. If you pass the buckets and if you do it in a short even a shorter amount of time, you get sent to the moon. >> But if you can't pass the buckets or pass it in in the in the right amount of time, >> it won't happen. >> I feel like Instagrams is probably eight. It's 500 views cuz I get little things now that says, "Congratulations, your real got 500 views." And it was organic. And then it's congratulations, your video got,000. >> No, those notifications are um not based on the algorithm. Those are notifications based from other people working on Instagram that says let's increase user >> and user retention. >> Now the algorithms are totally different and a lot they do change frequently >> that badges those badges is nothing you'll know. So we post every every other day. So you know every other day >> um we actually can see we can actually predict when things will pass up. So, like for example on YouTube, we get um if if a if we post it and it gets three to 500 views within the hour, >> that's that's immediately a 1,200 view video. >> Immediately because we know the next bucket. >> Now, to get to tw and then once it's in there, we we're always stuck around that. We're still trying to improve that a little bit. Um, Tik Tok is much harder for us because we're a B2B company, but similar thing when we see it's the opposite. We get a ton of likes in the beginning, that's a 10,000 view video. Like, we know we're going to pass the buckets because view count is the first threshold and the next one's engagement. If all the likes are coming and they're and they're obviously not bot if they're not bots, yes, >> it could be wrong audience, but not bots, >> that will also skyrocket. So, we we post so much that we can now predict what virality looks like for us. >> Yeah. Now, most of the time, actually, I would say not maybe all of them, every viral video we we've done doesn't hit our target audience, which is very unfortunate, but when they but we know how the algorithm works because of that. >> Yeah, that's fascinating. >> When it does go viral. So, >> yeah, it's interesting. What do you think the magic number is for how many times a week you should post? >> Um, I think it should be every day. >> Really? >> Yeah. If you're not posting every day, someone else is. >> And social media is a numbers game. It's a data game. It eats data. So you have to feed it. It's the best way I can, you know, really explain it. So if you are posting once in a while, boy, you better be famous because otherwise how you going to boost those engagement numbers up. >> Yeah, very true. Interesting. >> So >> it's very good chat. >> Tea leaf. Yeah, tea leaf social media from from a business end. So >> Cool. >> It's always it's funing. Yeah. Thanks, Matt. See you dinner.

- How to make a viral video - Viral Video: Kind: captions Language: es Él es... considerado por muchos como el mejor. Hablando del diablo, ahí está. ¡Adam! Este es Alan, estará supervisando la campaña de video desde el lado del cliente. Hey, gusto en conocerte. Igualmente, he escuchado cosas geniales. ¡Oh, gracias! De hecho hemos estado discutiendo la campaña de video en curso. Oh, genial. Adam, desde el principio has estado haciendo un trabajo fantástico. Lo mejor de lo mejor. Absolutamente estelar. Muchas gracias. Queremos continuar esta relación con tu empresa porque estamos muy impresionados con los videos que produces. Muy impresionados. Es maravilloso escuchar eso. Sin embargo hemos estado pensando en el buen cuartel general. [risas] ¿Qué hemos hecho qué? Y hemos estado tratando de encontrar algunas soluciones o más ideas para mejorar los videos. Okay, soy todo oídos. Adam... Queremos que el siguiente video... se vuelva viral. ¡PUFF! ¡POW! ¿Quieren que se vuelva viral? Adam, hemos invertido mucho dinero en investigación de mercado y lo que hemos descubierto es que cuando un video se vuelve viral, recibe muchos ojos. Y lo que hace eso, es que convierte a la gente en espectadores. ¿Puedes hacerlo? Digo, creo que podemos intentar que se vuelva viral. Preferiríamos que simplemente hicieras que se volviera viral. Absolutamente. Perdón, déjenme aclarar, mi equipo y yo vamos a hacer para ustedes el mejor comercial posible que podamos pero no podemos hacer que se vuelva viral. Perdón, n-no se por qué está haciendo esto tan difícil. Adam, ¿por qué estás haciendo esto tan difícil? Porque volverse viral es algo que literalmente nadie puede predecir. E implica que tiene vida propia y- Perdón, ¿estás...? ¿Estás sugiriendo que deberíamos hacer este video... consiente de si mismo? ¿Qué? ¿Siquiera es posible hacer eso? ¿Hacer que el video...? Sea consciente de si mismo. [música intensa] ¡NO! ¡Maldición! Realmente pensé que teníamos algo, hombre. ¡Demonios! [suspiro] Okay okay, umm... ¿cómo te lo explico? Okay, de vuelta a la pinzara umm... okay. ¿De qué otras formas podemos hacer que el video se vuelva viral? - Ahh... - Seguro. Okay... ¿Qué le gusta a la gente? Cachorros. Cachorros, fantástico. ¿Algo más? No que yo sepa. Pe-pero antes de que nos adentremos más en esto, ¿me pueden explicar qué tipo de comercial quieren hacer? ¿Tienen algunas referencias? Okay, creo que teníamos algo ahí, pero podemos volver a eso después. Estoy de acuerdo. Ahh... en cuanto a referencias diría que el viejo comercial de Old Spice. Oh... ¿Cuál era el presupuesto para esta campaña? Mil dólares. Oh. Adam, la cosa con el comercial de Old Spice es que consiguió cientos de millones de vistas. Queremos ese tipo de participación. Él quiere ese tipo de participación. O-okay bueno, sin pensar en el presupuesto, no es como que pueda darle clic al botón viral cuando ex- Perdón... perdón... ¿Me estás diciendo que hay un botón viral que podrías haber estado usando todo este tiempo? Perdón, lo que estoy diciendo es que no puedo- - ¡Dale clic al botón viral! ¡Absolutamente! [risa aliviada] ¿Puedo? Como consejo general de ahora en adelante, puedo sugerir que cuando exportes un video le des clic al maldito botón viral. Escucha a este hombre, ¡sabe de lo que habla! [risas complacidas] ¿Saben qué voy a hacer? Vamos a darle clic al botón viral. [susurra] ¡Sí! Ahí lo tienes. Correcto. Ahora, recuérdenme qué producto es. Ah, nos especializamos en fertilizante. Hm, por supuesto. Y el presupuesto son mil dólares, ¿correcto? Aproximadamente. ¡Okay, vamos a hacerles un video viral sobre mierda! Me agrada este tipo. Te dije que era bueno.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DasKraze: That fingersnap at the end
  2. @BoyleeDalton: And the video went viral tho
  3. @WhatBananas: "Only pay for what you need."™ 

Their adds will always be well remembered to me.
  4. @natben6099: the sound is terrible
  5. @JellySquid55: Tbh, they almost had me with the self awareness video 😂
  6. @405dewey: This is literally what Dominos pizza is doing in the US right now. They are just calling their new pizza deal “viral” as if that makes it so. Immediately thought of this clip.
  7. @PatriciaSullivan-o1m: Wilson Cynthia White Susan White Donna
  8. @jdotoz: "I was thinking that this time you could make a good product."
  9. @deadrussianliberal2897: Viral Video About Shit

I believe that’s a reference.
  10. @MatthewKai-cf8ld: This makes me want to go ssj 3 on Rowan and Alan bc this was just crazy one sided between actual brain activity verses idiocy
  11. @mohammedbarakat1227: for the first time Alan is Rowan-dumb 😂😂
  12. @CaleAi928: Sheesh when is the viral button unlocked on youtube? 

After you reach a million subscribers?
  13. @JMetz: Yes, but can you make 7 perpendicular lines? In the shape of a kitten?
  14. @2macki332: To make a video go viral today in 2024 one needs to analyze the algorithm that is recommending videos to people and once enough knowledge is acquired trick the algorithm to spread your video :)
  15. @proxy90909: I feel like this video costed more than that "marketing campaign"
  16. @Userxxx333: Actually if you have enough budget to spend you can actually make something go viral.
  17. @NityaVlogsjubi: I m from India
  18. @KingCauz: Both : we specialize in fertilizers
Alan : of course u do .. 

😂😂😂 damn roll ... thats confirm that they only know sh**
  19. @orctrihar: Of course there is no buttons.. there just a way to do it who will make it popular.
  20. @abezth7506: The thing with going viral is that it depends on the consumer. If they prefer tomorrow something that took no effort but they somehow like, no matter the effort put into something, whatever you do to counter it, it will usually not matter.

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  3. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  4. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  5. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  6. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  7. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  8. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  9. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  10. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  11. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  12. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  13. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  14. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  15. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  16. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  17. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  18. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  19. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much
  20. @Cheeser5-w8x: Make this comment go viral

- How to Get Your Brain to Focus | Chris Bailey | TEDxManchester: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Viviane P. Reviewer: Amanda Chu A few years ago, I began to observe something in my own behavior that made me a bit uncomfortable. And that was that from the moment that I woke up to the end of the day, my life was a series of screens. I started the day with the thing that woke me up first thing in the morning, my phone, and so I sat there in bed watching various cooking videos on Instagram and bouncing around between a bunch of different applications. But then it was time to get out of bed and cook breakfast, and so the thing that I focused then on, in addition to the omelette in the pan, was the iPad that was right next to the oven. And then it was time to do some work, and so I went to a different screen which was attached to another screen itself. All the while, this little devil on my wrist was tapping and beeping and blooping and distracting me as I was trying to get important stuff done. But there was one particular offender out of all of these different devices that I wasted more time on than anything else. That was this dastardly thing: my phone. I could spend hours on this thing every single day. And so I decided to essentially, for all intents and purposes, get rid of the thing for a month. As an experiment, I thought, "I'm going to live on this thing for just 30 minutes every single day at a maximum." And so this is the amount of time I have for maps, this is the amount of time to call my mother, this is the amount of time I have for everything that I could possibly want to do, to listen to music, to listen to podcasts, and I observed what happened during this time. It took about a week to adjust downward into a new, lower level of stimulation, but once I did, I noticed that three curious things began to happen. First, my attention span grew. It was like I could focus on things, not effortlessly, but with much more ease than I could before this experiment started. In addition to this, though, as I was going about the world and especially when my mind wandered a bit, I had more ideas that my mind arrived at, and on top of this, I had more plans and thoughts about the future. Getting rid of one simple device led to these three effects. Why? Noticing this a few years back led me on this long journey to get to the bottom of what it takes to focus in a world of distraction. I pored over hundreds of research papers from front to back at my office. I don't know if you've ever watched one of those crime shows where somebody's solving a murder. And so they have this big Bristol board, and there's string attached to papers attached to memos attached to newspaper clippings - this is like what the state of my office was. I flew out to meet experts around the world who study focus; I conducted more experiments on myself until the point I had 25,000 words of research notes about why this is the case. How does technology influence our attention and our ability to focus? I want to start with the attention spans that we have. This is how we pay attention to the world around us and how much control we have over our focus. The research around this particular area is fascinating. It turns out that when we do work in front of a computer, especially when our phone is nearby, we focus on one thing for just 40 seconds before we switch to doing something else, and when we have things like Slack open as we're doing some work, this lowers to 35 seconds. But the reason that this is the case is not what we might think, after looking at the research. We think the problem is that our brains are distracted. But after looking at the research, this is what I've come to know as a symptom for the deeper problem, which runs much more deeply - it's the root cause of this distraction. It's not that we're distracted; it's that our brains are overstimulated. It's that we crave distraction in the first place. Our brains love these tiny little nuggets of information and social media and email and these things that we do over the course of the day. There's even a mechanism in our mind called the "novelty bias," by which our mind rewards us with a hit of dopamine, one of those wonderful pleasure chemicals, the same one we get when we eat and order a whole medium pizza from Domino's, you know, the same one that we get when we make love. We get that same stimulation when we check Facebook. We get this dopamine coursing through our mind. And so we not only crave distraction, but our mind rewards us for seeking out and finding distraction in the first place. So, this is the state of our minds today. We're at this hyperstimulated state where we bounce around between these bunch of different objects of attention that are very, very stimulating for our mind. And so I thought, "Okay, if the phone had this impact on my attention span, what if I lowered how stimulated I was even more, still?" And so, you know, this feeling that we experience when we go from being in a state of high stimulation into a state of low stimulation, it has a name. That name is called "boredom," (Laughs) you know, this restlessness that we feel when we have this super busy week and then we're lying on the couch on a Sunday afternoon, thinking, "Alright, well, what am I doing now?" So, I put out a call to the readers of my website and I asked them, "What is the most boring thing that you can think of doing? I'm going to make myself bored for an hour a day, for a month." And so I did some stuff that I still am upset about from my readers, to this day. Day one, I read the iTunes terms and conditions for one hour. (Laughter) It's actually shorter and more readable than you might think. Day four, I waited on hold with Air Canada's baggage claims department. It's very easy - This is the trick: if you want to make yourself bored, don't call the reservations department, call the baggage claim people because you're going to wait hours, if you ever get through at all. Day 19, I counted all the zeroes that I could in the first 10,000 digits of pi. Ugh. Day 24, I watched a clock tick, tick for one hour. And 27 other activities this month. Jeez. I still think back. But curiously, I noticed the exact same effects as I did during the smartphone experiment. for my mind to adjust downward into a newer, lower level of stimulation, and this maps, curiously, on top of research that shows that it takes our mind about eight days to fully calm down and rest, like when we're on vacation, as an example. Our vacations need to be longer than they are today. But I also noticed that my attention span expanded. I was able to focus even more effortlessly because I wasn't surrounded by fewer distractions, but my mind was so much less stimulated that it did not seek the distraction But the fun part were these ideas and plans that struck me that didn't before, and the reason that this is the case is because my mind had a chance to wander more often. There's a great quote that I love that you might be familiar with from J. R. R. Tolkien, where he says that "not all those who wander are lost," and the exact same thing is true, it turns out, with regard to our focus, with regard to our attention. If you think back to when your best, most brilliant ideas strike you, you're rarely focused on something. Maybe this morning you were taking a shower, or maybe some morning in the past, and then your mind had a chance to connect several of the constellations of ideas that were swirling around in your mind to create an idea that would never have materialized otherwise if you were focused on something else, on your phone, for example. This is a mode, especially when we do this deliberately, when we deliberately let our mind wander; I call this mode "scatter focus." And the research shows that it lets our mind come up with ideas, it lets our mind plan because of where our mind wanders to. This is fascinating. It turns out that when we just let our attention rest, it goes to three main places: We think about the past, we think about the present, and we think about the future. But we think about the past less than we might think, only about 12% of the time, and often we're recalling ideas in these thought-wandering episodes. But the present, which is a much more productive place to wander - we wander to think about the present 28% of the time. And this is, you know, something as simple as you're typing up an email and you can't find a way to phrase something because it's very delicate, maybe it's political, you go and walk to another room, to another room of the house, the office, and the solution hits you because your mind had a chance to approach it and prod at that problem from different directions. But here's the thing: our minds wander to think about the future more than the past and the present combined. Whenever our mind is wandering, we think about the future 48% of the time. This is why when we're taking a shower, we plan out our entire day, even though it hasn't started yet. This is called our mind's prospective bias, and it occurs when our mind wanders. If you're good with math, or maths, I should say - not in Canada anymore - these numbers don't add up to 100. It's because the rest of the time, our mind is dull, it's blank, or it doesn't have an idea inside of it that is rooted in time. But whatever it is for you that lets your mind wander, something that's simple, something that doesn't consume your full attention. Mine happens to be something that is not necessarily stereotypic of my age and gender demographic, but I love to knit. Knitting is one of my favorite hobbies; I knit in planes, I knit on trains, I knit in hotel rooms. I was knitting in the hotel room before this event today because it helps calm you down, it helps settle your nerves. And I come up with so many ideas when I knit, I have a notepad next to me. But whatever it is for you - it might be taking that extra long shower, it might be taking a bath, upgrading your shower to a bath so you can soak not just with your body but with your ideas as well. It could be simple; if you're at work walking from one room to another in the office - very simple change - but if you don't use your phone during that walk, your mind will go to the meeting that you're about to attend, it'll go to the call that you were just on, it'll wander to the ideas that are circulating, and it'll make you more creative in this way. It could be something as simple as waiting in line and just, I don't know, waiting in line. It could be getting a massage. You know, whatever it is that lets your mind - I love this picture so much - whatever you love doing. Here's a pro tip: Ask your masseuse to let you have a notepad in the session because ideas always come to you and you're always incubating things, so capture them so you can act upon them later. But I think, after doing this deep dive into the research, we need to make two fundamental shifts with regard to how we think about our attention. We think that we need to fit more in - you know, there's all this talk about "hustling." I'm an anti-hustler. I'm one of the laziest people you'll ever meet, and I think that's what gives me so many ideas to talk and write about. We don't need to fit more in. We're doing enough; we're doing too much. We're doing so much that our mind never wanders anymore. It's sad. This is when our best ideas and plans come to us. We need more space. If you look at what allows traffic to move down a highway, what allows it to move forward isn't how fast cars are moving, as you might expect, it's how much space exists between the cars that allows traffic to move forward. Our work and our life are the same way. The second shift: we like to think of distraction as the enemy of focus. It is not. It is a symptom of why we find it difficult to focus, which is the fact that our mind is overstimulated. I have a challenge for you. It's a two-week challenge, but it's a challenge to make your mind a bit less stimulated and simply notice: what happens to your attention? How many ideas do you get? How does your focus change? How many plans do you make? So, for two weeks, make your mind less stimulated. There are so many great features on phones, on devices that'll let us eliminate a lot of the time we waste on our devices. Use those features, not only to become aware of how you spend your time but how you can spend less so you have more ideas. Have a disconnection ritual every evening. One of my favorite daily rituals: I disconnect from the Internet completely from 8pm to 8am. My fiancée and I, we have a weekly disconnection ritual, a technology Sabbath every Sunday, so we can disconnect from the digital world and reconnect with the physical world, the real, actual world. Rediscover boredom - you don't have to do it for an hour. Please don't call Air Canada. It's just a world of hell. But rediscover boredom, just for a few minutes. Lay on the couch, and where does your mind go? And scatter your attention. You'll find some remarkably fruitful things in that attentional zone. If there's one thing that I have found to be true after doing this deep dive into this world on how we focus, it's that the state of our attention is what determines the state of our lives. If we're distracted in each moment, those moments of distraction and overstimulation build up and accumulate to create a life that feels more distracted and overwhelming, like we don't have a clear direction. But when we become less stimulated, when we make our mind more calm, we get the benefits of added productivity and focus and ideas and creativity, but we also live a better life because of it. Thank you so much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @AbhishekRawat-23 [1 likes]: When the mind starts focusing, youtube throws an ad😢
  2. @Aqyanoos [1 likes]: Less stimulation = better focus  = better life.
  3. @MaheshGana-c9u: Great job, this video was very useful!
  4. @TahirAli-y6g: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  5. @AchintaMahato-o4b4z: Great video! Really enjoyed it.
  6. @GraceWells-d2f: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  7. @pao9751: To summarize:
Our Mother was correct, it is that damnrnr PHONE
  8. @Bageeta: I've got exams and I can't concentrate at allll😭
  9. @mrkzkv: Don' tell me I am the only one who noticed that no one was laughing at his jokes. Also it made me feel uncomfortable every time.
  10. @JakesReis: Maneiras e guia de como ter insight de criatividade.
  11. @Fat_Thor_Official: Who's learning English here?😅
  12. @Shoha.Mehnaz: Yeah your mom's right -"It's the goddamn phone"🐸
  13. @preeteeshkunapalli6691: what a speech!!  it definitely adds value to my thoughts. thank you Chris  Belly
  14. @om.dialed: knowing how to study is a superpower cuz then I can learn anything anywhere instead of just a specific subject
  15. @shilpakhawas1486: If my mobile is not around when I try to focus on something, I feel sleepy any suggestions??
  16. @LindaWertz-n5l: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  17. @AbdelaliMaroufi-v9w: Will you allow me to upload clips from the videos on TikTok?
  18. @md.golamsabbir2321: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  19. @IandarveerDandotiya: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  20. @Vanesa-l1d-77: his accent is very clear😁

- Get comfortable with being uncomfortable | Luvvie Ajayi Jones | TED: Kind: captions Language: en I'm a professional troublemaker. (Laughter) As my job is to critique the world, the shoddy systems and the people who refuse to do better, as a writer, as a speaker, as a shady Nigerian -- I feel like my purpose is to be this cat. I am the person who is looking at other people, like, "I need you to fix it." That is me. I want us to leave this world better than we found it. And how I choose to effect change is by speaking up, by being the first and by being the domino. For a line of dominoes to fall, one has to fall first, which then leaves the other choiceless to do the same. And that domino that falls, we're hoping that, OK, the next person that sees this is inspired to be a domino. Being the domino, for me, looks like speaking up and doing the things that are really difficult, especially when they are needed, with the hope that others will follow suit. And here's the thing: I'm the person who says what you might be thinking but dared not to say. A lot of times people think that we're fearless, the people who do this, we're fearless. We're not fearless. We're not unafraid of the consequences or the sacrifices that we have to make by speaking truth to power. What happens is, we feel like we have to, because there are too few people in the world willing to be the domino, too few people willing to take that fall. We're not doing it without fear. Now, let's talk about fear. I knew exactly what I wanted to be when I grew up. I was like, "I'm going to be a doctor!" Doctor Luvvie was the dream. I was Doc McStuffins before it was a thing. And I remember when I went to college, my freshman year, I had to take Chemistry 101 for my premed major. I got the first and last D of my academic career. So I went to my advisor, and I was like, "OK, let's drop the premed, because this doctor thing is not going to work, because I don't even like hospitals. So ..." "Let's just consider that done for." And that same semester, I started blogging. That was 2003. So as that one dream was ending, another was beginning. And then what was a cute hobby became my full-time job when I lost my marketing job in 2010. But it still took me two more years to say, "I'm a writer." Nine years after I had started writing, before I said, "I'm a writer," because I was afraid of what happens without 401ks, without, "How am I going to keep up my shoe habit? That's important to me." So it took me that long to own this thing that was what my purpose was. And then I realized, fear has a very concrete power of keeping us from doing and saying the things that are our purpose. And I was like, "You know what? I'm not going to let fear rule my life. I'm not going to let fear dictate what I do." And then all of these awesome things started happening, and dominoes started to fall. So when I realized that, I was like, "OK, 2015, I turned 30, it's going to be my year of 'Do it anyway.' Anything that scares me, I'm going to actively pursue it." So, I'm a Capricorn. I like my feel solidly on the ground. I decided to take my first-ever solo vacation, and it was out of the country to the Dominican Republic. So on my birthday, what did I do? I went ziplining through the forests of Punta Cana. And for some odd reason, I had on business casual. Don't ask why. And I had an incredible time. Also, I don't like being submerged in water. I like to be, again, on solid ground. So I went to Mexico and swam with dolphins underwater. And then the cool thing that I did also that year that was my mountain was I wrote my book, "I'm Judging You: The Do-Better Manual," And I had to own -- (Applause) that whole writing thing now, right? Yes. But the very anti-me thing that I did that year that scared the crap out of me -- I went skydiving. We're about to fall out of the plane. I was like, "I've done some stupid things in life. This is one of them." And then we come falling down to Earth, and I literally lose my breath as I see Earth, and I was like, "I just fell out of a perfectly good plane on purpose." "What is wrong with me?!" But then I looked down at the beauty, and I was like, "This is the best thing I could have done. This was an amazing decision." And I think about the times when I have to speak truth. It feels like I am falling out of that plane. It feels like that moment when I'm at the edge of the plane, and I'm like, "You shouldn't do this," but then I do it anyway, because I realize I have to. Sitting at the edge of that plane and kind of staying on that plane is comfort to me. And I feel like every day that I'm speaking truth against institutions and people who are bigger than me and just forces that are more powerful than me, I feel like I'm falling out of that plane. But I realize comfort is overrated. Because being quiet is comfortable. Keeping things the way they've been is comfortable. And all comfort has done is maintain the status quo. So we've got to get comfortable with being uncomfortable by speaking these hard truths when they're necessary. And I -- And for me, though, I realize that I have to speak these truths, because honesty is so important to me. My integrity is something I hold dear. Justice -- I don't think justice should be an option. We should always have justice. Also, I believe in shea butter as a core value, and -- and I think the world would be better if we were more moisturized. But besides that, with these as my core values, I have to speak the truth. I have no other choice in the matter. But people like me, the professional troublemakers, should not be the only ones who are committed to being these dominoes who are always falling out of planes or being the first one to take this hit. People are so afraid of these acute consequences, not realizing that there are many times when we walk in rooms and we are some of the most powerful people in those rooms -- we might be the second-most powerful, third-most powerful. And I firmly believe that our job in those times is to disrupt what is happening. And then if we're not the most powerful, if two more of us band together, it makes us powerful. It's like cosigning the woman in the meeting, you know, the woman who can't seem to get her word out, or just making sure that other person who can't make a point is being heard. Our job is to make sure they have room for that. Everyone's well-being is community business. If we made that a point, we'd understand that, for the times when we need help, we wouldn't have to look around so hard if we made sure we were somebody else's help. And there are times when I feel like I have taken very public tumbles and falls, like the time when I was asked to speak at a conference, and they wanted me to pay my way there. And then I did some research and found out the white men who spoke there got compensated and got their travel paid for. The white women who spoke there got their travel paid for. The black women who spoke there were expected to actually pay to speak there. And I was like, "What do I do?" And I knew that if I spoke up about this publicly, I could face financial loss. But then I also understood that my silence serves no one. So I fearfully spoke up about it publicly, and other women started coming out to talk about, "I, too, have faced this type of pay inequality." And it started a conversation about discriminatory pay practices that this conference was participating in. I felt like I was the domino the time I read a disturbing memoir by a public figure and wrote a piece about it. I knew this person was more powerful than me and could impact my career, but I was like, "I've got to do this. I've got to sit at the edge of this plane," maybe for two hours. And I did. And I pressed "Publish," and I ran away. And I came back to a viral post and people being like, "Oh my God, I'm so glad somebody finally said this." about mental health and self-care, and I was like, "OK. Alright. This thing that I'm doing, I guess, alright, it's doing something." And then so many people have been the domino when they talk about how they've been assaulted by powerful men. And it's made millions of women join in and say, "Me Too." So, a shout-out to Tarana Burke for igniting that movement. People and systems count on our silence to keep us exactly where we are. Now, being the domino sometimes comes down to being exactly who you are. So, I've been a shady somebody since I was three. This is me on my third birthday. But I've been this girl all my life, and I feel like even that's been the domino, because in a world that wants us to walk around as representatives of ourselves, being yourself can be a revolutionary act. And in a world that wants us to whisper, I choose to yell. When it's time to say these hard things, I ask myself three things. One: Did you mean it? Two: Can you defend it? Three: Did you say it with love? If the answer is yes to all three, I say it and let the chips fall. That's important. That checkpoint with myself always tells me, "Yes, you're supposed to do this." Telling the truth -- telling thoughtful truths -- should not be a revolutionary act. Speaking truths to power should not be sacrificial, but they are. But I think if more of us chose to do this for the greater good, we'd be in better spaces than we are right now. Speaking of the greater good, I think we commit ourselves to telling truths to build bridges to common ground, and bridges that aren't based on truth will collapse. So it is our job, it is our obligation, it is our duty to speak truth to power, to be the domino, not just when it's difficult -- especially when it's difficult. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nprpodcasts [138 likes]: Enjoying this talk? You'll love the brand new TED Radio Hour series – Mind, Body, Spirit. Hear TED speakers share their eye-opening ideas on how we think, move, and feel. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2TjQf2riraLkqqFGxK65JI-leCAxm1eD
  2. @SMD24 [1 likes]: Title wise, I'm glad that I display an uncomfortable within a discomfort anywhere, and the reason is those are my strengths with a gain of exposure where inclined political religion folks lack of regardless of the invention of sides
  3. @synicritic524 [1 likes]: this is why i could never understand the whole “believe in your gut” like my gut tell me to shy away from everything
  4. @monkeycharisma [1 likes]: Change often starts because one person decides to speak when everyone else stays quiet. But I also think courage isn’t always loud. Sometimes being the domino simply means supporting the person who spoke first so they don’t have to fall alone
  5. @DinostarForever [1 likes]: This message means a lot, especially in 2026, when oppressive systems run rampant around the world. It is very important to speak up always. Thank you for this wonderful video.
  6. @samrana-d8u: Because of college lecture
  7. @SelviK-e4x: Q1. What is the title or topic of the talk, and what is its main purpose? (10 Marks)
The title of the talk is "Get Comfortable with Being Uncomfortable," delivered by Luvvie Ajayi Jones at TEDWomen 2017. The main purpose of the talk is to challenge the deeply human tendency to remain silent in the face of injustice, wrongdoing, or discomfort. Ajayi Jones wants to inspire her audience to overcome fear and speak up, even when doing so feels risky, isolating, or professionally dangerous. She presents speaking up not merely as a personal virtue but as a collective responsibility. The talk aims to shift the audience's mindset — from viewing silence as safety to understanding silence as a form of complicity. Through personal stories, metaphors, and direct emotional appeal, she motivates her listeners to become agents of change in their own lives, workplaces, and communities.
Q2. What are the major technical concepts or ideas explained by the speaker? (10 Marks)
There are several important ideas presented in the talk. The first is the identity of a "professional troublemaker" — someone who deliberately and courageously calls out flaws in systems, institutions, and individuals with the goal of pushing them toward improvement. The second concept is the domino effect of courage, which suggests that one act of bravery creates a chain reaction of bravery in others. The third concept is the role of fear in suppressing human potential and silencing voices that the world needs to hear. The fourth idea is that comfort maintains the status quo — meaning that when people choose silence and safety over truth and courage, they are actively allowing harmful systems to survive. Finally, she presents three guiding questions to help people decide when they must speak: Is it true? Is it necessary? Is it kind? She argues that if something is true and necessary, it must be said, even if it is uncomfortable.
Q3. What examples, data, applications, or evidence are used to support the topic? (10 Marks)
Ajayi Jones grounds every abstract idea in a concrete personal experience. Her most compelling example is her nine-year struggle to call herself a writer, despite having blogged consistently since 2003. This story illustrates how fear of financial instability and public judgment can delay a person from claiming their own identity and purpose. Her skydiving metaphor is equally powerful — she describes the paralyzing fear at the edge of the plane and then the overwhelming beauty and satisfaction once she jumped. She applies this metaphor directly to the experience of speaking publicly against someone more powerful than herself. She also recounts two specific acts of being a domino: speaking out about gender-based pay inequality at a major conference, which led other women to share their stories and opened a public conversation about discriminatory practices; and writing a critical public piece about a powerful public figure, which she published despite fear of professional retaliation, and which went viral, generating a meaningful national conversation about mental health, self-care, and accountability.
Q4. What are the benefits, challenges, or future possibilities related to the topic? (10 Marks)
The benefits of embracing discomfort and speaking up are significant. When one person speaks, it creates a safe space for others to follow, building a culture of honesty and accountability. Speaking up exposes injustice, corrects harmful behavior, and empowers communities to demand better. On a personal level, it allows individuals to live in alignment with their values and purpose rather than being controlled by fear. However, the challenges are equally real. The fear of professional consequences, social rejection, public criticism, and isolation can be paralyzing. Ajayi Jones herself admitted she almost declined the TED Talk invitation twice because she feared she was not ready or worthy. The future possibilities are inspiring: if more people choose to be dominoes in their everyday lives — in offices, classrooms, families, and communities — the cumulative effect could challenge corrupt institutions, reduce inequality, and create a more honest and just society. Ajayi Jones envisions a world where courage is normalized and silence is no longer mistaken for peace.
Q5. What is the final message or key takeaway from the talk? (10 Marks)
The final and most powerful message of the talk is simple but profound: your silence serves no one. Ajayi Jones wants every person in the audience to walk away understanding that the discomfort they feel before speaking up is not a sign to stop — it is a sign that what they are about to say matters deeply. Comfort, she argues, is the enemy of progress. Every great change in history was initiated by someone who was willing to be uncomfortable first. She urges the audience to stop waiting for someone else to be the domino, because by doing so, they are robbing the world of their unique and necessary voice. The core takeaway is that courage is not the absence of fear — it is the decision to act in spite of it. When people choose truth over silence, even once, they become the spark that lights a fire of change far greater than themselves.
  8. @SelviK-e4x: Part 1: TED Talk Summary — 50 Marks
Introduction (10 Marks)
The speaker is Luvvie Ajayi Jones, a Nigerian-American writer, activist, speaker, and self-described "professional troublemaker." The title of her TED Talk is "Get Comfortable with Being Uncomfortable," delivered at the TEDWomen 2017 conference. Ajayi Jones is widely known for her critically acclaimed books, her popular blog, and her podcast, all of which focus on culture, leadership, and authenticity. The central idea of this talk revolves around the importance of using one's voice to speak truth, challenge broken systems, and inspire others to do the same — even when it feels terrifying to do so. She introduces herself not as someone who seeks conflict, but as someone who deeply wants the world to be better, and who believes that speaking up is the most powerful way to achieve that goal.
Main Ideas (15 Marks)
The talk is built around two core ideas. The first is the concept of fear and how it silently controls human behavior, preventing people from saying and doing what they are truly meant to do. Ajayi Jones argues that fear is not just an emotion — it is a force that keeps people stuck, quiet, and unfulfilled. The second and more central idea is the concept of being the domino. She explains that just as a single falling domino sets off an entire chain reaction, one person who is brave enough to speak up first gives others the permission and courage to do the same. She firmly believes it is not just a choice but a moral obligation for people to speak truth to power, especially when the stakes are high and the opposition is strong.
Supporting Details (10 Marks)
Ajayi Jones uses rich personal experiences to strengthen her message. She shares how fear kept her from calling herself a writer for a full nine years, even though she had been blogging since 2003. When she lost her marketing job in 2010 and began writing full-time, she still hesitated to claim the identity of a writer out of financial insecurity and self-doubt. She also uses the vivid metaphor of skydiving — describing the terrifying moment of sitting at the edge of a plane before jumping, and comparing it to the feeling of speaking up against powerful people or institutions. She recounts two real-life moments where she was the domino: once when she publicly spoke about discriminatory pay practices at a conference, which encouraged other women to share similar experiences; and another time when she wrote a critical piece about a powerful public figure, which went viral and sparked a much-needed conversation about mental health and accountability.
Conclusion (10 Marks)
Ajayi Jones concludes with a powerful and direct message: comfort is overrated. She argues that staying quiet is the easiest and most comfortable choice, but it is also the most dangerous one, because it allows broken systems and harmful behaviors to continue unchallenged. She calls on every individual in the audience to stop waiting for someone else to speak first. The world does not change through silence — it changes through people who are willing to be uncomfortable, to be judged, and to be the first domino to fall. She ends by reminding the audience that their silence serves no one, and that the life they truly want exists on the other side of fear.
Language and Organization (5 Marks)
The talk is exceptionally well-organized, moving logically from personal storytelling to broader social observations. Ajayi Jones uses humor, metaphor, and emotional honesty to connect with her audience. Her grammar is precise, her sentences are clear and impactful, and her delivery maintains both warmth and urgency throughout.
  9. @MugiWycliff: Being Honest is the Hardest thing there is ,but its always worth it.
  10. @healthfitnessworkouts7198: ❤
  11. @rasheedahhaneef2380: Be the domino ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥🙏🏽🤲🏽
  12. @user-tt3vp1uw6o: This talk sucked. She's basically just telling everyone how good she is
  13. @Floxy253: 2026😊
  14. @Jon-u1v: Thank you I’m going to share this with my daughters.
🤗🤫💪❤️
  15. @PrinceGive: She sounds like Miss universe 2019 when she speaks
  16. @عبدالرحمنحسان-س3ج: Is the speaker man or woman?
  17. @Boom_the_artist_7: In 2026❤
  18. @hoseawakili-mf4ol: I love this
  19. @hunybee5558: Brilliant ! Thank you for sharing this powerful perspective with us!
  20. @ohheyseann: eh.

- If Only It Were That Simple (Office Humor): Kind: captions Language: en hmm could I call you right back good afternoon Bob I was wondering if I could have five hundred thousand dollars to upgrade our call center technology well sure in fact I think I'll just give you the cash ah thank you nice Stanley stop goofing off okay I need you to work and your work you got me Oh Jam hi hey listen I need you to find a way to connect our two contact centers with the ones from the new acquisition can you handle that for me well of course I can flip the switch have it done right now knew you could done great oh and um I'm out of Eminem's could you bring me a pack of those too excuse me hey Bill the CEOs ordered a new green initiative once half of our contact center staff to work from home think you could set that up no problem bet you just take a second there you go you know man if only it were that simple that's work with WSI net it can be WSI net posted on demand pay-as-you-go state of the art contact center technology

  Top Comments:
  1. @anthonynapier2887 [16 likes]: This is like a resignation video from the most passive aggressive employee in existence
  2. @trewoliver1585 [6 likes]: When do you think they'll figure out the green initiative wasn't established with the last guy? Didn't even have a monitor, just unorthodox typing.
  3. @ShirleyJackson-w2d [4 likes]: I appreciate your clear and concise style!
  4. @Senseiryan [3 likes]: I'm so glad I make YouTube videos instead of work an office job.
  5. @rinoshamer [2 likes]: On Thursday I waited for 20 minutes while a 20 something bank teller struggled with processing my deposit of two checks minus a small amount of cash back.  She filled out the slips twice (they keep them behind the teller window or I would have done it myself).  She scanned 3 times and finally had to call someone over for help.  I understand now why the guy who was next in line let me go ahead of him.  The next day, I watched two counter servers struggle for 5 to 10 minutes with bagging 3 orders the cooks had just put up.  The order numbers are right on the ticket so not sure what is so complicated.  But sure enough they called people by what they ordered, not by their order number.  Later that afternoon a snotty little cashier at home depot didn't know how to redeem a gift card.  Even after I told her how to do it, she refused to even try it the correct way, so I had to have a manager handle it.  How do so many incredibly incompetent and stupid people manage to keep jobs in the service sector of our economy?  It's really starting to get quite unbelievable how widespread this sort of thing is.
  6. @dionisioefraim [2 likes]: well now lot of employees are working from home aha
  7. @Lolababy42 [1 likes]: Wtf just happened...... was he typing with a blank computer screen
  8. @neilclayman5336 [1 likes]: You know its real when he has the Bill Lumburg coffee mug.
  9. @SK5546-l7y [1 likes]: I could not find any videos on my topic of, People who just cannot catch on to new things, so I will post here. I work with a few people who were born around the same time I was in 1962, I have advanced with the times, have no problems with using computers, cell phones, switching from old computer systems to new ones. In my home I'm Wi-Fi everything, I have my Alexa's, Ring doorbell and Cameras that also work with Alexa, Bose wireless speakers that are both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and also work with Alexa, Nest thermostat that also works with Alexa, just numerus gadgets. These people I work with are stuck in time, they cannot catch on, they think it's weird that I have these things and know how to use them. I have worked with these people for 25 years and they still fumble around on there phones not knowing how to do something no matter how many times you show them. We switched to a new computer system maybe close to 15 years ago and these people after all of this time still have trouble using it, knowing where to go, knowing where to click to get where they need to go, again no matter how many times you show them. One of our guys still has an old flip phone because he just cannot use a modern phone, still has the old style TV and still watches movies on VHS, does not understand Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, pays his bills with checks by mailing them because online bill pay is to much for him to grasp, does not even have a computer at home. He is our driver and sometimes he has to go on line at work to do training, he sits in front of the computer not knowing what to do, does not even know how to turn it on and he has done this training twice a year for over 25 years and still he acts like it is his first time, he even needs help to make a copy on the copier. I do not understand this, they have no interest in new technology today, some of it, they do not even know it exists like online bill pay, when I explained this to our driver he acted like it was unbelievable, had never heard of it. Facebook and social media is Alien to them, I even had to show them how to use You Tube, things that have been around for years. They were floored when I showed them I could operate my Ring Cameras and my Nest thermostat from my phone while I was at work, again it was Alien to them that I could actually turn up the heat at home from my phone or turn on the cameras and view my house from my phone. I do not know what is wrong with these People or others like them, it's like they are stuck in a time, back in the 70's.
  10. @kzonedd7718 [1 likes]: Should close with 'M&M's not included'.
  11. @helmus2000 [1 likes]: @workingsol where can i find that commercial, i loved this one
  12. @francesbernard2445: "I need you to work" Work to do what. What a loaded statement. If only it were that simple they say. Allegedly that simple to find employees who have wanted to all of their lives become telemarketers in advertising firms too for example.
  13. @ysahehre4316: https://youtube.com/shorts/bYCyI-br_j0?si=2iKaRVU7yHu97GzUhttps://youtube.com/shorts/bYCyI-br_j0?si=2iKaRVU7yHu97GzU
  14. @LarryP248: This is an amazing compilation. I read a matching book that reframed my perspective. "The Art of Saying No: Mastering Boundaries for a Fulfilling Life" by Samuel Dawn
  15. @LizaOnTheGo: https://youtu.be/sYGC_vOACGA
  16. @sahilyadav-ef9lr: Baap
  17. @energyshatty9020: “Ah, if only it were that simple” *sips tea*






JoaTWOW gang
  18. @jazzylilchick: lol
  19. @workingsol: Ha! I forgot about that old "Gambler" video we produced.  Too funny...

- What is 'the algorithm'? LBC explains: Kind: captions Language: en What is an algorithm? You may hear that word algorithm a lot these days. There's the Netflix algorithm, the Facebook algorithm, the YouTube algorithm, and on and on and on. They're a core part of our digital lives, and they do have a massive impact on what we see and consume. If you're not sure what that actually means, here is what you need to know. At their most basic level, algorithms are just a step-by-step instructions that tell a computer what to do. On platforms like YouTube, Facebook, or TikTok, the algorithms are there to decide what content to show you. Facebook, for example, used to say that the average person could be served up to 1,500 pieces of content when looking at their newsfeeds. Every platform has their own version of it, but fundamentally, the algorithm is there to make the flood of content manageable, and to help show you what it thinks you care about most. And how does it decide what you care about? Well, it does it based on what you've engaged with in the past. And when they say engagement, they mean any content you watched, liked, commented on, or shared with a friend. Every single time you engage with something on a digital platform, it registers that engagement and uses that to figure out what to show you the next time you log in. So, if or when you watch a few cat videos on TikTok, the next time you look at your feed, you'll likely get more cat videos because the TikTok algorithm thinks that's what you want to see. It will also look at what other kinds of videos people who watch cat videos like, and show you a few of those as well to see if you engage with them. While that can sound innocent, and it it often is, it does also create the possibility for all kinds of content to be suggested to people. For example, someone engaging with fitness videos on digital platforms can sometimes start to be shown videos that skew towards men's rights videos. If that viewer engages with those videos, they can start to be served content adjacent to the men's rights movement, and content that could be seen as more extreme. This is commonly referred to as going down the rabbit hole, where you start watching one video, and then you end up watching a whole series of videos around a topic. Every platform is constantly reviewing and updating its algorithms, but as the online safety act has shown, many feel this just doesn't go anywhere near far enough, which is why there are increasing calls to limit social media for under 16s.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mr.Coffee576 [2 likes]: It’s something that keeps showing you content  of what you want to see until your brain convinces you to vote for Brexit.
  2. @elglabro8018 [2 likes]: Amazing video, correct throughout, I would have just made more clear why Social media wants you to be interested in content and engage in what it is called "doom scrolling".

They are pay-per-click platforms, they are selling, in a sense, the user's money keeping him/her interested and serving adverts or sponsored content.

A concept that on the Internet works as a measure all the time "If it is for free, it means you are the product"
  3. @SparkyStew98 [1 likes]: The Algorithm is pretty poo
  4. @andrewmountford3608: No, they give us what they want us to see. Not what they think we want to see.
  5. @karenhowlett6511: Like the style of a short video 5o explain an internet term. Keeps us clued up . Could cover age limits on apps. Turn off cookies. Etc  Less likely to be scammed. More like this please.
  6. @ItsJonesTheCat: Hopefully that limit includes relegating LBC content - as equally part of the problem is woke LBC’esque content always being forced upon impressionable children. Oh I see; that’s ok is it? It’s just the stuff you lefty’s dont agree with that you want to get banned. Right, and there I was thinking people have choices, but it’s only when it suits the left wing narrative. Got it.
  7. @MikesThinks: One like. Let’s see what the Global algorithm serves me next…
  8. @insubordinationfilms: For all the dummies out there.

- Social media algorithms explained | CBC Kids News: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ [upbeat] Saara: Social media algorithms explained... ♪ ♪ ..in three minutes or less. What is an algorithm, anyway? Al-go-rithm. It's basically a series of instructions designed to solve a problem. On social media the algorithm decides what you're going to see and in what order. Algorithms are optimized. They're designed to meet particular goals, and those goals can change. Sometimes they've been developed to keep you on a particular site longer. to make sure you come back every day. Sometimes they've been developed to encourage you to engage with the content there, to respond or to like or to share it. Thing is, the algorithm doesn't care how you engage with content. It might serve up stuff it predicts you're going to love. Ooh. Like, like, like. Or it might clutter your feed with stuff you hate and try to provoke a reaction. [splat] Ew. No, thank you. Often, the result is that more extreme content gets circulated and people get angry and, ta-da, your feed is full of arguments instead of conversations. You're the worst. No, you're the worst. Yes. The algorithm decides what you see, but it also decides what you don't see. This means you have to go out of your way to find other opinions, and sometimes it can be hard to know where to look. If you go into an ice cream store and they offer you three flavours, there may be, you know, 28 other flavours in the back, but you need to know to ask for them. Algorithms are like big sorting machines. They sort everybody into different buckets, and once you've been sorted, you're treated like everybody else in that bucket. That means the algorithm is making a lot of assumptions about who you are. [sigh] Enough with the puppy pics. I'm a cat person. Some platforms let you change the way you sort your feed so that the most recent posts or posts by people you don't usually hear from are at the top. Sometimes you can also turn off recommendations so that you aren't automatically served up content. And just because something is recommended doesn't mean you need to click on it. Do some searching and see what else is out there. And it's not easy to escape the algorithm, but you can have fun trying. For cbckidsnews.ca, I'm Saara Chaudry.

- Is Virality Luck or Science? | How Content Really Goes Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the explainer. So today we're going to try and crack the code on virality. Is it all just science or is it I don't know a lucky roll of the dice? We're going to unpack the formula for capturing mass attention. All right, let's just dive right in with a question that really gets to the heart of it all. I mean, why did a video of a guy just skateboarding and drinking cranberry juice suddenly get seen by the entire world? Was that just pure random unpredictable luck? or is there maybe a hidden system at play here that we can actually figure out? And you know that question, it brings us right to our first section. We're going to tackle the biggest myth headon. Is this whole virality thing just luck? Or is there an actual science behind what catches on? So, you can see the two competing ideas right here. On one hand, you have the common myth, right? That going viral is like winning the lottery. It's just random chance. But on the other side, we've got the reality, which is that it's actually a pretty structured system. It's this powerful mix of human psychology, platform algorithms, and yeah, repeatable patterns. And this isn't just a theory. Wharton professor Jonah Burgerer puts it perfectly. He says, "Virality isn't luck. It's not magic. There's a science behind why people talk and share. A recipe, a formula, even." So, the whole process is way more predictable than we think. It's not some kind of magic. It's really just about understanding the mechanics behind it all. Okay? But, and this is a really big butt, this formula doesn't exist in a vacuum. It's actually operating inside what physicists call a chaotic system. You've probably heard of the butterfly effect, right? Where these tiny almost insignificant changes at the very beginning, like, I don't know, the exact time you post something or a tiny tweak in a headline can lead to these massively different and yeah, pretty unpredictable results down the line. So, if we're saying it's a science, then what's the first and honestly the most critical variable we need to look at? It's the hook. In those first few seconds, you either make it or you break it. This is without a doubt your most important window of opportunity. Three seconds. That is it. That's all you get. In this endless fire hose of content we're all scrolling through, you have about 3 seconds to give someone a really compelling reason to stop their thumb from moving. That tiny little window, it's absolutely everything. So, how do the pros actually pass that 3-se secondond test? Well, a lot of them use what's called the three hook rule. Think of it like a layered attack on your senses all at once. First, you've got the visual hook, what they see first. Then there's the verbal hook, the very first thing that's said. And finally, the text hook, that text you see right on the screen. The trick is all three have to work together, like instantly. And the whole point of these layered hooks is to create something called a pattern interrupt. I mean, think about it for a second. When you're scrolling, it's kind of hypnotic, right? It's a very repetitive motion. A great hook is like a jolt to your system. It's that sudden sound, that weird visual, or a really provocative statement that just completely shatters that rhythm and forces your brain to wake up and actually pay attention. And why do these hooks work so well? It's because they're tapping into these deep psychological triggers that are pretty much hardwired into our brains. We're talking about things like creating a curiosity gap, triggering our fear of missing out, you know, FOMO, using social proof, or even just our natural bias towards anything new and novel. A really good hook is going to hit one or more of these triggers to snatch our attention. You know, the hooks that create some kind of tension or a contradiction. Those are especially powerful. Take this one for example. My content was going viral. My DMs were dead quiet. Wo! Right away, it makes you ask, "Wait, how is that even possible?" See, our brains are literally wired to seek out resolution. And a hook like this presents a little puzzle that we feel this intense, almost urgent need to solve. But here's the thing. A great hook isn't just for us humans. It's also speaking a language that the platform's algorithm totally understands. So, let's switch gears a bit and talk about what these platforms are actually rewarding. When you get right down to it, all social media algorithms have one main goal. Keep you on their platform for as long as humanly possible. Why? Well, cuz more time on the platform means more ads they can show you. It's that simple. So, these algorithms are basically digital blood hounds, constantly hunting for signals that a piece of content is going to hold your attention. And that strong hook, that's the first most crucial signal they're looking for. And it's pretty clear that some platforms are just built differently when it comes to fostering engagement. Just look at these numbers across every single follower range. I mean, from the smallest micro influencers all the way up to the mega stars, Tik Tok consistently, and I mean consistently, outperforms Instagram on average engagement. Its whole environment is just engineered for that interaction. And this is super important. Each platform values slightly different signals. So, for Tik Tok, it's obsessed with completion rate and rewatches. It wants you to watch that tight, satisfying loop over and over. Instagram, on the other hand, prioritizes shares and sends content that's so good you just have to show a friend. And then you've got YouTube Shorts, which is all about that brutal first impression, the ratio of how many people viewed versus how many just swiped away. So, what happens when a piece of content sends all the right signals? Well, it triggers what's called algorithmic amplification. This data from a real viral YouTube video shows exactly how it works. See, it started by dominating in search results, but once it proved it could hold an audience, the algorithm went, "Okay, this is good." And started pushing it into new discovery channels like browse features and suggested videos. And that's when its growth just exploded. Okay, so we've talked a lot about the algorithm. Let's dive back into the human side of this whole equation and explore the deep-seated psychology that's actually driving our behavior when we're scrolling through our feeds. So, one of the most powerful reasons we share things is something Jonah Burgerer calls social currency. To put it simply, we share stuff that makes us look good, right? We want to seem smart or funny or like we're in the know. Sharing becomes this way of building our own personal brand, our identity for everyone else to see. And this is just a perfect example of social currency in action. The story of this place, please don't tell. It's a secret bar hidden inside a hot dog joint in New York. The whole thing is built on this idea. Just knowing about it makes you feel like an insider. It gives you this this status, and that feeling is so valuable, you can't help but feel compelled to share it. All right. Another huge driver is what's known as the curiosity gap. This is that feeling of psychological tension you get when a hook teases you with some information but doesn't fully reveal it. It's that nagging feeling of I need to know how this ends that just keeps us watching. And a hook like this one. I thought I was doing everything right until I saw this one stat. I mean that is a masterclass in creating a curiosity gap. It just opens this loop in our minds. what was the stat? What were they doing wrong? It becomes almost physically uncomfortable not to find out the answer. And that very discomfort is what drives the click and what drives the watch time. So, here's the really crucial point. It's how these three different elements, that powerful hook, the hungry algorithm, and our own human psychology, how they all lock together to create this incredibly powerful self-reinforcing cycle. And here you can see it, the viral feedback loop in action. It all starts with a strong hook that gets high click-through rates and really strong retention. That initial success gives the algorithm confidence, so it starts increasing the distribution. Then the content reaches an even wider audience, which just accelerates its growth even more. It is quite literally a perfect storm. So, what's the big takeaway from all this? Look, you can't guarantee a home run every single time. It's just not possible. But by understanding the science behind it all, you can dramatically improve your batting average. Virality isn't magic. It's a process. It's about aligning our own human psychology with what the algorithms are designed to find. And it all starts with that one simple question. What are you going to do with those first 3

- Psychology Behind Dangerous Social Media Challenges: Kind: captions Language: en a young boy from the UK dies after reportedly attempting the viral Tick-Tock Blackout Challenge this recent headline left the world heartbroken and made parents all over the world scared for their children if you don't know certain acts done on social media are deemed challenges then those challenges turn into Trends to record yourself doing those who enjoy scrolling through tiktok have heard of the skull breaker Challenge and Penny challenge we also had to Boeing planking the mannequin Challenge and now the Blackout Challenge the Blackout Challenge also known as the choking game is when you choke yourself to the point of unconsciousness these viral challenges may seem like a game but they actually represent individuals putting their safety at risk for likes clicks and Views while social media platforms do the best they can to avoid responsibility we can't help but wonder how can they let this happen let's take a look at the psychology Behind These challenges to raise awareness about this widespread problem as much fun as the challenge might sound there are a lot of psychological reasons you should stop to think about the next social media challenge you attempt let's check them out number one misestimation of norms behavioral scientist Dr Gretchen Brian measles explains that puberty is the time when a child's mind is transitioning into an adult as they go through different mental and emotional states they're trying to understand what's normal and want to know if they're normal too they want to fit in just like anyone else so when they scroll through their feed and see 20 posts of other people on Tick Tock doing the Kylie Jenner lip challenge they might think to themselves wow everyone's doing it so I must do it too to fit in everyone else is doing it so this must be normal they completely skip over the fact that too much suction in a small area could be harmful to you number two fomo fomo or fear of missing out is the anxiety we feel when we're excluded from pleasurable and rewarding experiences Studies have shown that this fear is on the rise in today's society due to having their own personal magic mirror to see what everyone is doing at the moment their phones a 2020 research paper published in journal social media and Society suggests that this fear plays a role in social media use in teenagers which can unfortunately evolve into full-blown internet addiction if they miss one post one new trend one new picture they might be out of the loop and missing out on what everyone else is experiencing in a study published in human factors in healthcare researchers wanted to examine the motivation behind practicing in dangerous Tick-Tock challenges one asked teens who participated in the study mentioned the fear of missing out as one of the motivating factors when they see trending challenges they might feel like they're missing out on the fun in reality they're so preoccupied with that fomo that they ignore safety and the common knowledge of what can harm human beings do you think encouraging more face-to-face interaction could help teens Combat fomo on social media share with us in the comments below number three belonging Brittany Morris a licensed clinical social worker from Virginia says that children and teens are most susceptible to these dangerous challenges because of the need for belonging she explains how in those early teen and Adolescent years kids desire to be accepted by others by connecting with their friends they're also discovering their identities based on good or bad peer feedback generally it's a great thing for teens to have a healthy group of friends but sometimes while hanging out they actually have a bad influence on each other a 2017 research study published in journal sexual and relationship therapy suggests that adolescents find it more difficult to control impulsive behaviors if they're with their peers or if High emotions are involved authors also mention that social media has the power to influence a teen's decision-making skills by connecting them to their peers so when their friends participate in such challenges they want to feel like they belong to the group when they feel like they belong they feel good about themselves being a part of a group can actually be positive and healthy for an adolescent or teen do you think there's a way to encourage healthy socializing on social media number four thumbs up another important reason is of course popularity who doesn't want to feel liked by thousands of people We Shouldn't Judge them for wanting to be popular popularity is what brings together all of the reasons we mentioned earlier feeling like they belong like they're accepted and appreciated a 2016 study in the journal psychological science found adolescents were more likely to like popular photos as opposed to those with only a few likes even if they depicted risky behaviors the same goes with viral challenges too the more likes a video gets the more likely they'll be to try it themselves if they went viral so can I how can parents and schools work together to help children build confidence and self-acceptance so they don't look for validation online and number five the Judgment making area it's important to note the biological perspective as well teenage and children's veins are still developing for that reason they don't have the full capacity to really understand the risks that these challenges pose clinical psychologist and Mental Health Quality consultant Dr desren Dudley explains that the prefrontal cortex which is the decision and judgment making portion of the brain is not fully developed in these young people that's why they have a harder time considering all the factors that are involved in these challenges and they're unable to make a sound decision fancy leggings are one thing ignoring common knowledge and personal safety for the approval and acceptance of others that's a whole different ball game one that we hope you consider sitting out of do you think there are some other reasons behind these horrible and dangerous Trends let us know your thoughts please share this video with someone who would benefit from it like a parent teacher or even young teen if you noticed a child's internet use is becoming problematic please consider talking to a mental health professional for additional reading resources and tools to help your child feel free to visit links in the description let's raise awareness together to help prevent more young lives from leaving us too soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [260 likes]: We posted this a bit late, but do you guys want more informative videos like this one?
  2. @Night_Ray01 [2 likes]: I don’t show my face of tiktok which causes me to not see any of these things because I do different content. But to all the people doing these and encouraging innocent people, just stop. It is putting you and them in danger.
  3. @BlackThunder-st8ov [1 likes]: videos+clicks+wiews=money
  4. @AngryKing713 [1 likes]: Is that Yoga Aoyama from MHA at 4:16?
  5. @coleisforrobot [1 likes]: From in the UK, Archie’s death was all you could hear on the news. We need to fix this.
  6. @TwoTailedSponge [1 likes]: I have a video suggestion. "What would happen if you completely turn off your phone for a week or two"?
  7. @ChristianAnimationsStudios [1 likes]: I may only watch cartoons like Chikn.Nuggit, but I see these challenges all the time. But I don't think tiktok deserves to be deleted. Some people are making good content on TikTok, and to me. Deleting tiktok is going to also punish the people who have nothing to do with this. This is just my opinion, you can have your own, but I believe that. But just don't do these dumb challenges.
  8. @TripleAAABatteriesStudio [1 likes]: “If you’re feeling sad, just remember—there are billions of cells in your body who care about nothing but you!”
  9. @Aryanchoudhary544: Important reminder, stay safe and think twice before trying viral challenges
  10. @Nola5427: I aleays thought Tik- Tok was stupid and way overrated and I didn' t get it but then again i' m an adult.
  11. @crossroadskeeper347: Survival of the fittest?
  12. @prettyloreli9901: Don't like tik tok
  13. @gachawolfpaw1783: This is why I try to stay away from challenges!!! People, you don't need to do challenges or ' trends ' to be popular! Just be yourself!! You will loved by the people who like you for yourself!!!
  14. @JJ4955-n6d: Here is some dangerous tik tok challneges. Use can do them at your own risk. Just know that I don’t want to see you on the news dead or injured.

NyQuil Chicken
Cha Cha Slide Challenge
Penny Challenge
The Blackout Challenge
Orbeez Shooting 
Throw It in the Air
Milk Crate Challenge
Burning Pile
Tooth filing challenge
The Kia Challenge
The Benadryl Challenge 
Etc.
  15. @krispycreamkris: I stopped using tick tock  because  it dangerous to  use I feel bad  teenagers and children use dangerous social media parents should show this  video to their children the dangers of social media
  16. @coolj4334: I mean... some people are just unintelligent and think that what their doing is safe and fun...
  17. @constructivecriticism6203: I remember when the devious lick challenge was happening and someone stole the soap dispensers in the boys bathroom. People are idiots.
  18. @jamesnielsen9313: Well we call those types of people sheep
  19. @Willchannel90: Doctors warns with addictions and anti socials.
  20. @urlocalfence: this reminds me of that one challenge in 2016 (i think it was 2016) the mo somthing challenge

that was really scary for me and apparently something similar is back

i wish stuff like this didn't exist, it's so sad seeing kids doing it and getting hurt or dying

- Social media addiction - how it changes your brain | Luke Burgis | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en - We all exist in this world where we can tweet at somebody or engage with somebody, could even be the President of the United States. And they might react to us back. Social media has thrust us all onto the head of a pin, socially speaking, existentially speaking. Even if they're on the other side of the planet, even if they have a lot more money than we do, we can still interact with them. We can still compete with them on engagement. They're inside of our world. We have a mimetic machine in our pocket where all of these people exist. So, what is mimetic desire? Mimetic desire means that we're adopting another person's desire as our own, usually without even realizing that we're doing it. So, social media has given us millions of mimetic models that we now have to contend with. Some people have went from having 10 mimetic models to now having a million, and we haven't quite come to grips as a culture with what that means for our mental and emotional health. There are two kinds of mimetic models. The first kind is called an external mediator of desire. These are models that are outside of our world; whether because they exist in a different social sphere than we do, there's no possibility of us coming into contact with them and certainly not becoming rivals with them. They're in some sense, outside of our world of desire, outside of our world of competition. Now, these external models of desire can be real, or they can be fictional. The other kind of model is inside of our world called internal mediators of desire. These are people that we do come into contact with, and there is a possibility of conflict or rivalry with these people. These are people that are in our family; these are people in our workplace; these are people that could even be our friends. It's easier to compare ourselves to them. These are the kinds of people that we look to as benchmarks, and we're far more likely to be envious of somebody that we went to high school with who now has a great job and a beautiful spouse, than we are to be envious of the richest person in the world. The danger with external mediators of desire, with keeping up with people that are very successful, with people that have modeled a certain kind of lifestyle, is that there's no end to that process. All desire is a form of transcendence. We desire to go beyond the boundaries, to go just over the mountain, to be the kind of person that we don't feel that we currently are. Having positive models of desire to emulate is a very good thing. It's important to have people that model virtues and goodness that we would like, but we have to understand the limitations of any model. And understanding how the dynamic between us and our models changes in that scenario is really, really important. It's also important to understand when somebody is an internal model of desire to us because, in that case, we have to have boundaries. All desire comes from us feeling like we lack something, and that can bring us into a dangerous, vicious cycle because there will always be another model to find. We have to choose our models wisely. We also have to know when the model is inflaming us with the desire for something that's gonna bring real fulfillment or whether it's going to bring a dopamine hit or allow us to fantasize about a life that we'll probably never have. And even if we did have, it would probably make us miserable. All you need to do is go on Instagram and spend five minutes, and you see lifestyles modeled, you see vacation destinations modeled, fashions, manners of speech, ways of engagement, ways of speaking, political preferences. All of these desires are modeled for us 24 hours a day, billions of them, and we need to understand the mimetic landscape of social media or else we'll become totally controlled by it. - Get smarter, faster with videos from the world's biggest thinkers. And to learn even more from the world's biggest thinkers, get Big Think+ for your business.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenNuProductions [1 likes]: The problem with social media & the average user are the platforms/apps that emphasize a user profile (Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, X/Twitter, Reddit to an extent) and pair that with showing you things via an algorithm. All of those aforementioned places serve up your data for customized ads which influence us & all except for X/Twitter are public companies. So there is a lot more sinister happenings going on in the background when you have all this ad money influence and shareholder interest in a company meant for communication.

Platforms/apps like YouTube or Discord are much healthier forms of social media because they are much less about the individual user. Sure YouTube has an algorithm but you can also easily just not use it and only see your subscriptions' videos and use it more live a TV (aka not going into the comments). Also - with ads on YouTube you can make it so they aren't "tailored" to you. Discord is the best overall (no ads, private company, servers don't have the "hivemind" effect that subreddits do).

Technically WhatsApp, Snapchat & Telegram are social media but they are just messaging apps.
  2. @miyatcha: 2:50
  3. @baileygraham6515: Hey, I’m a high school student, do I have permission to use this video for my advocacy video?
  4. @almaisaks: Social media addiction - how it changes your brain | Luke Burgis | Big Think
  5. @VENDETTAGONEVIRAL: Quotting Instagram is the best decision to make. Social media is unheallthy for everyone imdividually and colectively.
Civilization is crumbling due to the chaos amd dystopian realities created by social media psychosis.
  6. @kanynoor1405: The absolute best best video I’ve saw this year 2025 my god we must be so careful guys we must wake up help everybody to wake up and life our life ! He is so so so right gosh this man is our savior we  Have millions of people we like and there is no end of it so we will lose our lives guys we will lose our dreams and real wishes and we will die and never lived because we chased other peoples strangers who Dose not care about us 😥😭😢 please help your children your friends family’s to wake up … I love all humanity but all humanity also destroyed us we destroy our self 😢 WE NEED TO WAKE UP !
  7. @paulwebb2010: Einstein said "I fear the day that technology will surpass our human interactions. The world will have a generation of idiots"
  8. @JRuffPlays: I got rid of my social media for good as it was making me feel bad about myself and I was getting sucked into other peoples business that has nothing to do with me and other thing is, I ended up going into mental health meltdowns and was too hard on myself and lets say if someone goes into a relationship or gets married and they post it on social media, I ended up feeling I was absolutely worth nothing, then I started to become jealous of people succeeding, my behaviour started to get bad, I started to experience depression and anxiety, had the feeling no one wanted me and if I posted selfies of myself and if no one likes them I get angry at people just because they didn't comment or like.

I deleted my social media to live longer and enjoy life properly.
  9. @yjeffdraw: One thing I've realized as a social media user who uses social media to make money and interact is how important it is to recognize that everything has to be different. I'm personally always learning how to respond to everything online and realizing that it doesn't really exist in your real life. So, separate your real world from the online world for good things like making money and relationships. Yes, most people can't differentiate between that.
  10. @handpickedoranges: the comment section of this video is the life i desire
  11. @jefone7068: Hello! I’m a student and I’d like to ask permission to use a few scenes for school purposes. Thank you!
  12. @WhyItsClick: Enjoy life ☑️ 
Social media life ❎
  13. @Werkaholik261: There's a statement that I was told as a child: Not everything you see on television is real and true. The same holds true for 'Social Media'. My main reason for using social media is to connect to those I miss, who have played an important part in my life. Here are some examples: Naval Affiliations, Classmates, Distant Friends, etc. I live alone and my family is scattered. Social media allowed me to gather those people in one group as a means of reunion. My view of 'Social Media' doesn't even come CLOSE to what is mentioned in this video. My life is on the line and I need help. THAT is why I use 'Social Media'. Due to interference and suppression, I'm walking away. I have learned that NOBODY CARES.
  14. @MuhammadNabeel-h7w: Social media causes brainrott its a waste of time and energy you got so much to explore and learn in your life
  15. @will801: 1:12
  16. @CancerUp: They are using my mom's social media to fuck with me she is brain washed
  17. @CancerUp: U don't have to be on it the feds still mess with you
  18. @gilberttefnadia1891: How can individuals cultivate self-awarencess and develop their own thick desires in a world where mimetic desire is pervasive ?
  19. @char6081: the streets are so quiet while are phones are overheating 😢 no more bbqs, kids playing outside, music filling the sidewalks
  20. @Filius_Solis_777: Free and 100% Natural Healing to Protect Mental Well-Being:
Stay mindful of these 7 Ways the Media Can Control Our Minds and Bring Out Our Worst:

1. Desensitizing Us to Violence – Repeated exposure to crime shows and documentaries can make us numb to real-life violence.
2. Lowering Our Self-Esteem – Constant portrayals of wealth and success may leave us feeling inadequate or excluded.
3. Dumbing Us Down – Reality TV tends to prioritize shallow entertainment over meaningful content, steering us away from critical thinking.
4. Spreading Misinformation – Fake news can confuse us and manipulate our views.
5. Distracting Us – Sports, sex, reality TV, and sensational topics often pull us away from important issues.
6. Promoting Sex and Alcohol – Constant emphasis on these themes can dull our thinking and make us more passive, both switch-off the brain, effectively numbing and enslaving the mind.
7. Instilling Fear Through News – Fear-inducing stories increase anxiety, making us more compliant and less likely to take action.

This list highlights how media can subtly shape our thoughts and emotions, often in ways we don’t fully realize. Stay safe from mental issues.

- Can Gen Z break free from social media addiction? - BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en my name is ricky schlot and i was 11 years old when i joined instagram i was constantly checking and i would say that probably over the span of a day was three four hours that i poured into these apps it really became this constant bombardment of the highlight reel of everyone else's life it used to be back in the day you'd see a magazine and you'd say oh she's so beautiful but now this magazine is following you around and it's in your pocket i was looking and scrolling through and seeing these idealized versions of other people and that was detrimental to my own self-worth and confidence my sense of self was developing in this kind of bizarre duality between instagram ricky and real life ricky looking back i'm missing a lot of photos of just being a kid and just being authentic and real [Music] when i was younger i didn't really care as much about what people thought of me and my instagram account but now i feel like that kind of affects me a little bit more when you're like feeling at your worst and then you go on instagram and you see models influences celebrities things like that and you're just like oh well i'll never be like that social media can exploit the parts of our brain that get us to connect with other humans our brains get us to make those human connections by releasing dopamine in the reward pathway which is the feel good neurotransmitter and what happens with certain types of social media apps is that they release so much dopamine in the reward pathway that they essentially become the equivalent of an addictive drug i really relied on having that constant access to my account as a sort of fail-safe for when i was feeling particularly low about myself so that i could have people bring me back up again other people's judgments become very very salient for the adolescent brain and that makes adolescents more vulnerable to the reinforcing and addictive potential of social media the more i've reflected on it the more i realized that social media is designed to be addicting and it gets better at addicting people every day the company's leadership knows how to make facebook an instagram saver but won't make the necessary changes because they have put their astronomical profits before people i'm concerned when any team has a bad experience on instagram but i want to be clear that that is not what these stolen documents say here's another survey pew research found in late 2018 26 said the sites make them feel worse about their own life there are plenty of other surveys we could point to a quarter of children that are on this site so it makes them feel worse and again anytime a single teen is having a bad experience that's too much that's why we ask these questions one thing that shows that we are prioritizing safety about profit is the very fact that we're asking these hard questions control means you're using much more than you plan to use compulsion means that there's a level of automaticity you find yourself picking it up without even thinking about doing it and then consequences it's interfering with things like sleep exercise when i decided to pull back from it it was it was a moment of clarity and i still used them maybe less than an hour a day because i do think that they're they're part of the language of being a gen xer you can't connect with people without some degree of online presence we really need to take this moment to say our childhoods were stolen but we're now young adults and reclaiming that and not allowing that to become a habit that continues into adulthood is enormously important for our well-being you

  Top Comments:
  1. @KingFnaxo [2 likes]: The Best Video I’ve ever watched
  2. @VectorPerkinstopG [2 likes]: leck Eier Frau Mesker
  3. @Sxtl-i3m [2 likes]: Oh oh die 11e guckt zu, etwas nervig die stimme
  4. @greenbow7888 [1 likes]: Maybe remind them, 'if something is free, you are the product'.
  5. @smansdh [1 likes]: As a millennial degreed & certified psychological professional, who has worked extensively with Gen Z- part of it is attention span, part of it is lack of depth, & part of it is emotional inability. Gen zs have always had phones & especially TikTok/social media on constantly. They are so attention limited that they need multisensory stimulation all the time (video games are visual & auditory), and quite literally can’t focus on experiences that only involve one sense (music is only auditory). This is the same reason Gen Z doesn’t really read either. Additionally, on the psychological average Gen Z doesn’t know how to handle emotion. Since they’ve been very little with phones/ipad even as young kids, their response to being upset has been to drown it out with distraction as avoidance, rather than feel and process what they’re going through in the moment. As the most evocative art forms, many can’t handle the emotional density of music. Or for that matter literature either. We also see this in the fact that the music/books they do listen to, in the limited instances that they do, isn’t deep or emotive. This also explains why they gravitate to video games so much, which generally aren’t emotionally evocative, or philosophically deep in the same way music & literature are. While I mainly am discussing this as it relates to Gen Z, it’s also essential to note that Gen X is largely responsible for this, as their lack of active involvement, emotional presence, & philosophical depth with their children has left them like this. Many of Gen z wasn’t taught to enjoy the world, and now unfortunately many don’t. They like more online (the realm of video games & TikTok) then they do in the real world (the realm of deep friendships, real experiences, music, & literature). Which honestly is very sad, because they don’t know how to appreciate or engage with reality, instead escaping/avoiding it into the non reality of TikTok & video games. Leaving many of them stuck in their parents basements, lonely, & lacking ambition for anything more. Not actualizing the myriad opportunities & experiences of what’s now available to them whether in teen years or early adulthood. In conclusion, I also wanna provide the context that this isn’t all Gen Zs, as those with both older (boomers) & younger (millennial) parents, were given better (millennial) parenting, or more emotionally charged (boomer) parenting, & even some good Gen Xers parented well, which did not resolve in the same intensity with these difficulties. Many of these Gen Zs are active, smart, & even politically engaged. And they don’t deserve to be grouped in with those who have this level of avoidance whether of reality, boredom, or emotion. They are engaging with the reality both personal & political that’s before them, in ways not even most millennials Gen Xers or boomers did at their age. But unfortunately this is not the majority of them. And most of them who are caught up in these reality avoidance issues deserve the help of those who are older & those who are not caught up, so they can come into reality & build engaged lives worth living too. We as a society can help them with this by continually showing them to the depth & emotion of reality, teaching them how to live in it, which is what I do. Which is what this channel does. Which I hope we can all take opportunities to help with as we interact with these Gen Zs in our lives. Change is possible, and through the best supports they can be taught to engage/live deeply, and therefore lead meaningful lives too. As a society, we need to stop blaming them for these issues, and start showing them how to live engaged with reality. Through this they can experience better lives!!
  6. @alexanderzinnurov9495: Indeed, it's important to limit our usage of social media, but that doesn't necessarily mean that we should stop using it altogether.  Social media can be helpful, as long as users provide helpful information.  I learned at work that when information is shared, it should abide by the rule of T . H . I . N . K .; that is, it should be:

1. T rue

2. H elpful

3. I nspiring

4. N ecessary

5. K ind

Suppose that somebody has a question about mistakes in books.  An appropriate answer would be:

"Are you familiar with the board books You Can Name 100 Trucks! (Ⓒ1994) and You Can Name 100 Cars, Trains, Boats, and Planes! (Ⓒ1997), both of which were written by Jim Becker and Andy Mayer, and illustrated by Randy Chewning?  The ambulance occurs in both books--and in the latter book, it occurs twice.  The pickup truck, delivery van, mail truck, and recreational vehicle (labeled the 'motor home' in the first book) also occur in both books.  In the first book, there are at least 6 tractor-trailers that have 18 wheels apiece, and two of the labeled vehicles are the 'tractor-trailer truck' and the 'eighteen-wheeler'.  Two wheel loaders (the first of which is labeled the 'bulldozer') are featured, as are two backhoes, two tow trucks, and two airport fire trucks.  In other words, these books don't feature 200 different types of vehicle between them.  The cable car is labeled the 'streetcar', and vice versa.  On the other hand, these books could've been combined into one book, titled You Can Name 150+ Vehicles! (among the unlabeled vehicles are the bus, bicycle, tricycle, skateboard, and wheelchair)".  

I have to admit, however, mistakes like these have helped me, in the sense that they've made me better at paying attention to detail.

Using YouTube has proven helpful to me, because it's helped me to calculate animals' speeds.  I've seen videos of wild scarlet macaws in flight, and when I measured the distance that they fly relative to their own length--which, according to Birds of the World (Ⓒ1983) by Oliver L. Austin Jr., is about 3 feet--they appeared to be flying at about 22 miles per hour.  To go from feet per second to miles per hour (roughly), multiply by ¹⁷⁄₂₅, or 0.68.  

It's always important to allow for the possibility that when people use social media, they might be experiencing difficult times, and that social media might be their only source of comfort.  What they experience on social media should be comforting, but it should also be helpful.
  7. @Jack_Frost0705: Darling, who is „we“, I‘m Gen Z and I am watching this video for school T-T
  8. @felizaniverseesaw: period
  9. @divakark993: Ban bbc
  10. @Petitions.: British GEN z bussing in londom grooming gang
  11. @TheSilverGate: They can't and they won't
  12. @ilhamafr: I’ve been away from social media completely 2 months now and gaining more time to read book and spent more time for running. Let me tell you, those three combined things (social media detox, reading and running) are live changing decisions of my life. It completely change your life mentally and physically. Please do try.
  13. @the_big_al_01: I used to be so addicted to insta and Snapchat… now I’ve moved all the social media and apps to my iPad and my phones just a phone again. Just check the iPad like once a day so I’m not under a rock, lowkey sad how u gotta have an account now to maintain relationships. So much happier now tho. Ngl was hella hard to break free from it tho
  14. @dzikiii3245: she is not 21 years old
  15. @affenfuhrer6345: it aint this deep tho
  16. @kilianrudolph8469: 6/10
  17. @zapfanzapfan: When I grew up, the square in peoples back pocket was a pack of cigarettes, now it is a smart phone... hopefully better?
  18. @NamedNotBlamed: Too much reach for kids
  19. @makesgoodsense8274: Is 1995 born gen z or millennial ?
  20. @ThraxMan84: I think Tik Tok is deplorable. There are so many videos of girls in their teens and twenties on there with a lot of "risqué" content. Seems like it could be a case of low self-esteem and self worth that they would put themselves out there like that. Or maybe they just get off all the attention and likes on their channel. But sad nonetheless.

- Are You Living an Insta Lie? Social Media Vs. Reality: Kind: captions Language: en hey hey he heyyy [Music] w [Applause] n

  Top Comments:
  1. @curiosityman1194 [2 likes]: Who even posts on Insta? I just watch reels.
  2. @artifexstellaris [1 likes]: 2:14 🤣
  3. @Ashinjohnmani [1 likes]: Those who don't have an instagram account or even the App 🗿🗿🗿

👇
  4. @Senior.Frank.1975 [1 likes]: Remember, this video was released in 2017 and it depicts social media addiction. I'm here in 2026 and I'm saying the situation has become much worse
  5. @Satyam-7682b [1 likes]: I deleted Instagram account and I'm feeling very happy 😊
  6. @edwinlewis6285 [1 likes]: This month I was on vacation in Paris and visited the Eiffel Tower. I saw something that really scared me. A huge number of people (mostly young girls) with tripods and cell phones taking pictures, and I started to realize that most of them didn't even appreciate the tower; they simply took a few photos and left. No lack of people suffering emotional distress in the future.
  7. @simplementvincent [1 likes]: In my entire life, I've never had a single social network, and I'm none the worse for it.
  8. @AdrienDerreumaux: who is using instagram for ts, we're all just doomscrolling and looking at brainrot
  9. @rishitajha1122: Can't believe this video came 9 years ago but the situation is still the same or maybe worse
  10. @AASHISHVANZARA-z7f: Social media people connected 🎉
  11. @sweetysingh8972: I needed this 
Thank you❤
  12. @conatcha: Golden age of pathetic fakeness.
  13. @yami-r6c: You predict our life
  14. @Lucas.eneas.daciolo: Social media for woman, porn.
  15. @thcsr: Im so glad its not me :)
  16. @micsnz: 2026 and it's still the same
  17. @4061earthabcdesong: 😂
  18. @moments2photos929: F'in facts!
  19. @quizHIRO1: dsaf dsa
  20. @Heigh_B: Video was about 9 years old. But the situation still remains unchanged. Even getting worse now.

- What Happens To Your Brain When You Mindlessly Scroll?: Kind: captions Language: en this episode is sponsored by fabulous your phone changes your brain as the average American touches their phone 2 600 times per day and this constant scrolling has altered your brain's neurology so what would happen to your brain and body if you tried to quit your phone after one hour of quitting you have likely tried to pick up your phone three to four times because the average person picks up their phone 52 times per day after 12 hours of quitting you may start to feel anxious as not checking your phone actually releases the stress hormone cortisol this is due to how your phone changes these three neural Pathways in your brain they are activated when anticipating or experiencing a reward your phone's Tick Tock notifications text messages or Instagram story updates all act as many rewards to your brain and physically change how these Pathways work in the new absence of your phone cortisol is released because when you're endlessly scrolling or using social media the positive social interactions reward the brain and cause constant firing this causes a release of dopamine along these Pathways in response to your phone's constant stimulus every ding notification every thoughty sexy photo of someone on Instagram a text message from a friend acts as a mini reward that you now associate with picking up your phone and these little associations become stronger and stronger in the Noggin until you're just constantly picking up your phone you know what I mean sometimes you're on the phone with your mom for example and looking for your phone because you're like wait where's my phone it's usually in my hand this way not on the phone and then you realize that we're all in the crisis of the cell phone age so after 12 hours of quitting you are no longer checking your phone this lack of stimulus that you're used to in your brain causes a stress response and you start to feel anxious I hate this thing that is you really love it more than anything in the world after 24 hours of quitting and one survey found that people began to experience fomo the fear of missing out which led to increased heart rate increased blood pressure and more anxiety other people had increased anxiety but they couldn't exactly explain why it wasn't just because of fomo for example but it is likely due to the fact that these tech companies have actually hijacked our brains using their reward prediction error encoding of our Noggins tech companies have studied these neuronal Concepts in order to keep you using their products if you look at this dopamine activity and reward chart you see that you learn behaviors when you get a reward without a cue you keep behaviors when you anticipate a reward and it gets um satisfied and you change a behavior when you anticipate a good reward but it's worse than expected so you don't want to do it again this is all linked to our human evolution ability to survive we predict our yummy yummy food the yummy yummy food gives us Health we learn the behavior we continue to eat but when applying this to our phone we often can't predict what is going to happen when we check our phone and with notifications likes and communication we are mostly always rewarded by checking it making us learn to constantly check our phone also since checking your phone is such a low cost effort you expect small rewards and are mostly satisfied so you continue the behavior of checking your phone the hijacking of these neuronal Pathways means you have strong incentives to check your phone other and other and over and again now that you've quit your phone the stimulus is removed and that actually leads to increased anxiety day three of quitting is when most people start to feel the Phantom vibration or Phantom ringing of their cell phone that is no longer there this is when quitting your phone starts to feel like a horror movie you'll literally start to feel your phone buzzing in your leg even though it's not there like a goddamn ghost of your old phone but day three of quitting is when some good things start to happen because you may begin to be rewarded by your friends your family your lover because you're actually not paying attention to them you are no longer fubbing which is snubbing your loved ones for your phone oh loved one please stop talking I must snub thee for I am looking at hot man lifting weight topless on Instagram one study had participants view an animation pretending to be with a sexual partner one animation checked their phone throughout the other did not the participants perceived the people who didn't check their phone as having a better quality of communication and increased relationship satisfaction after three days of quitting your phone you may start to notice that your relationships are improving after day five of quitting your phone and your attention span may increase you may even start noticing that you're doing better at work and school a small study of college students who actively use their phones found they now focus on subject objects for only 65 seconds another study of office workers who use their phones at work found they can only focus for three minutes at a time but a study at the Carnegie Mellon University's human computer interaction lab took 136 students and got them to sit a test some of them had to have their phone Switched Off and the others had their phones on and received intermittent text messages the students who received text messages performed on average 20 percent worse than those who had their phones off this is because your conscious brain can only produce one or two thoughts at once every time you open a text message or check a notification your brain has to switch from task to task creating the switch cost effect making it harder for you to concentrate but since you've quit your phone you are switching tasks less often and you may start to notice your attention span increasing and your ability to do better work at school or even at the end job after five to seven days of quitting and your cognition will continue to improve a study of 660 people examined the analytical cognitive styles of its participants on average participants with stronger cognitive skills spent less time using their smartphones the study went as far to say there may be a potential link between heavy smartphone use and decreased intelligence reading that study was a blow to the ego because I am known for using my phone a lot more than a lot of other people and therefore yes it's a bit of proof that I am dumb after one week a long-term study found reducing cell phone use caused improved sleep some scientists argue that it is the psychological arousal of the phone that affects our sleep others argue it's the light from the screen you know you've heard all about the blue light like oh it's burning my retinas I can't sleep there isn't any hard evidence as to why these cell phones are making you sleep less just some surveys and large studies about people who use their cell phones less getting better sleep do with that as you will after 14 days of no phone anxiety anxiety has decreased some studies even hint that you may have decreased depression this is because Studies have found that phone use may be associated with depression although it is hard to say whether your phone causes depression but one study found that teens who spend five hours daily on their mobile devices are 71 percent more likely to develop risk factors for depression compared to those who only use their phone for an hour after two weeks you will also have reduced neck and wrist pain one study found that the longer you used your phone the more likely you were to have neck pain people who overuse their phone could also affect their hamstring this is because of an increased size in your median nerve and decreased grip strength due to using your phone the median nerve starts from your shoulder down to all your fingers except your pinky on the palm side this increase in size of the nerve from using your phone means that you have a higher risk of getting carpal tunnel syndrome which is defined by numbness tingling and weakness in your hand so after or two weeks of not using your phone you're potentially healing not just your brain but your body too thank you to Fabulous for sponsoring this video because it is the only app that actually helps me with my phone addiction and other aspects of My Life by using science-backed daily routines to build better habits and Achieve goals fabulous has helped me actually get things done in me dang life it's a beautifully designed little app and when I first started I was nervous so all I got it to do was help me wake up first thing and drink water an easy habit that then spiraled into a bunch of other habits I now do from this app now it helps me with my writing routines my evening routines that involve turning off my phone at 7 pm every day sitting there chewing Me nails staring at a wall not sure what to do but this fabulous app keeps me accountable you can make it more self-guided as I have to design plans for me to paint more or you can have it be more guided through the app and it can take you through a series of Journeys that include nighttime mindfulness exercises or the creation of habits that the app decides for you based on simple surveys it's a gorgeous little app sometimes it even makes you like reach out to friends and vulnerable ways which is like really cool my friends are like wait why are you texting me nice things I'm like I don't know this app told me to and then like my other apps it doesn't waste my time it actually helps me gain back time improve my mental and physical health and hopefully change my behavior to become a better person start building your daily routine the first 500 people who click on the link will get 25 off fabulous premium so do it and join me every night in my mindfulness exercises as I slowly become a better person thank you so much for watching make sure you're subscribed for more science videos and if you're on your phone right now try turning it off for a couple days and see if you start to feel Phantom vibrations a little spooky spooky in the pocket peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @epfstudio [2 likes]: Interesting but lower down with the zestiness please
  2. @Kaederz [1 likes]: doom scrolling lowers cortisol
  3. @realticksYT [1 likes]: 4:14 is u guy
  4. @AbhinK-ut8gh [1 likes]: Reduce the volume completely to reduce overthinking it helps  alot 😱😱
  5. @chloelee-g3f [1 likes]: I mainly don’t enjoy social media, even though Instagram, TikTok, and Facebook are all just in my phone.
  6. @Just_AguyI1: What Else do I do then?
  7. @unstopyou: sooo gyyyy
  8. @unstopyou: The acting is toooo much
  9. @SaraJungPsychology: the phantom vibration thing actually broke my brain a little - that's your nervous system literally grieving the dopamine loop lol
  10. @Josjoh: In the year 2021, YouTube shorts were invented, then slowly other apps started following the same route. Now everyone is addicted, including me.
  11. @John-w8b7l: Short form scroll content also teaches you nothing after 2 hours of scrolling you can rarely remember any of it
  12. @brandonboss6868: 1 hour of quitting trying to pick up your phone 3-4 times.

More like 34 times
  13. @Ineed5dalla: I really hate apple
  14. @DiobuGodwin: What's the name of the app
  15. @XpCool001: Mindless scrolling happens only on shorts, reel type platforms. As of youtube (main yt vids) i search up what I want and watch it unlike in shorts I get which I didn't even asked for. Like who wants to watch how someone fart in 1600s effect history for no reason😂 that's what shorts sucks. 
Youtube big original platform I can search any particular video.
  16. @norliza2185: 😂 you're funny..  I'd love to try..
  17. @3xperimentce: For me the problem is not my phone but all these short time vieos and I wish so bad that you could just turn them off so I can watch my long term videos on youtube in peace.
  18. @thehumanmanual01: Brain is Hacked to loss the money🤑
  19. @Stevesmusictravel: I deleted the Facebook app from my phone two weeks ago and it already feels like I’m living off grid. I can’t imagine what it’s like quitting my phone entirely. I actually kind of have experience that considering the second I clock into my job I turn off my phone for 80% of my shift and I’m actually more focused on my job and get things done. I know once I turn on my phone at work. I get addicted to it and stare at it all damn day. Which is why I turned it off the second I come into work.
  20. @SonaKepidyan: After watching this video, I realized how much mindless scrolling affects me personally. I often open social media just for a few minutes, but then I lose track of time without noticing. The idea that our brain gets used to constant stimulation really made sense to me, especially because I sometimes struggle to focus on studying. I agree that scrolling can become an unhealthy habit if we are not careful. This video made me reflect on my daily routine and consider using my phone more intentionally instead of automatically reaching for it.

- Authentic Under Pressure: Ian Jeevan on Staying Real in a Viral World | Speak Up & Stand Out Show: Kind: captions Language: en When I was 15, I was actually [music] in a very transient stage of my life where I had a lot of self-esteem issues. [music] I I used to be a plum kid and that affected my self-worth and how I saw myself >> cuz I pit myself against other 15year-olds who were [music] fitter, you know, they passed their nafa in my class setting in like small spaces. I always wanted to make my voice known. And so now when the transfer happened from [music] that to social media, I wasn't sure if people resonate the same way. They can say it's like fake, like are you putting up a front? I think it's a >> Hi, welcome to Speak Up and Stand Out. The show where confidence meets communication and stories inspire success. Today's theme is authentic under pressure. I'm Ning the Iceman, your host for today. Joining me as always, the lovely Cecil Krishna Swami. Okay. The visionary behind Dead to Speak Academy, helping people everywhere to find their voice and confidence. Thank you, Navin. That was so sweet. And you know, today I'm really excited because I really like what our guest is going to share with us. >> Our guest is a global content creator whose videos have brought cultures, countries, and communities into one lens. Please welcome, I say, he's very real. Okay. Ian Jven. Hi, >> J. Hello. Glad to be here. >> All right, Jven. Okay, you know what? We're going to start straight away, right? Like I said, it's a real show, okay? and let's do something fun. What's the funniest or most unexpected moment, >> right? When you were filming in another country. >> Oo. Okay. So, I was in China and uh it was this place called Hainan. >> Okay. >> And I was there for a brand trip and I was doing uh some content there. And I think the average uh Chinese person, they don't travel as often. They only domestic travel. So when they see someone of my appearance come to their country, they are very curious. >> So then while I was just walking and filming right on the streets of China, these people would just come up to me and like will ask me, "Hey, where are you from?" you know, they'll talk to me in Mandarin. And I mean I can like understand what they're trying to ask me. >> Like they ask me where am I from? They ask me am I from US? And then they comment about my skin. And I think it's um it was a very unique experience that you don't normally feel this in Singapore, you know. >> It's like you walk there like everyone's just staring at you, you know. So I think that comes to mind when it comes to something uh interesting. Yeah. >> Yeah. Okay. Well, you know what? And how did that change >> your perspective of things, you know, how you saw yourself right after that, you know, traveling and all that, you know, and how others saw you? >> Yeah. No, I I think it's um it's a little bit of uh I think when you grow up in Singapore, you kind of live in a >> in a very sheltered environment. So then when you finally step outside the borders, you travel, right, that's when you realize that actually >> there's a whole world out there that exists outside your bubble, you know, and I think it made me, it opened my eyes as well that there are people that, you know, they just don't travel their whole life and it's a it's an opportunity for cultural exchange to go on. Yes. >> So for them to also know hey there are Indians who also live in Singapore because in their perception have you experienced or not when they say you're from Singapore then they're like wait you don't look Singaporean. >> Yes. Exactly. It's happened so many times >> right? Like [laughter] they have this image that they have of Singaporeans that is a certain kind of look. >> So when you don't fit they like hey don't match. >> Don't match. Yeah. It's it's a stereotype that they have. Yeah. >> It is. So I see moments like this an opportunity to educate them and say hey you know like we have been here for like over how many decade how many hundreds of years we've been here grown the nation and we make up Singapore too. So >> you mean you say this? >> I say this >> to our locals. >> No, not to our local but foreigners. >> Yeah. Cuz they are the ones that uh when when they ask, you know, where you're from and then um when you share Singapore, they'll be like, "Oh, question mark face." >> Then I'll do a mini history lesson right there. You know, [laughter] >> you know, that's very interesting what uh Jieven has just shared. I have encountered something like this in Singapore. >> And I'm not kidding. when people when I you know maybe it's not that kind of setting and it's not in my classroom but let's say it's a shopping center and I'm ordering something or not ordering I'm paying when I'm paying the lady asked me where are you from I told her I'm Singaporean and she said oh you don't look Singaporean number one number two she said you speak very well and I was like oh my god does that mean that Singaporeans cannot speak well so I did ask her that and I thought it was really very strange uh that she said I don't look like an Indian. >> Yeah. >> Uh firstly you don't look like a Singaporean because she said you don't look Indian she said. So I'm like okay never mind let's move on. >> Okay [laughter] well so Jven. Okay let's start at the heart of it. Okay. What defines a strong voice and how did you find yours? [snorts] >> Okay. How do I put it? A strong voice. It feels very very like a it feels like a how do you say a very chim word you know. I think how I interpret a strong voice is you not being afraid to to speak how you sound and speak your natural voice without any fear you know >> and like without any hesitation of like oh should I speak a certain way or should I speak in sing should I speak with an accent I think there are many layers that encompass a strong voice >> but I think at the heart of it is confidence >> yes >> you know like being able to put across something regardless of like what people will say about you and you speak up for what you believe in, what you stand for. All this comes across when you when you ask me the question like strong voice. These are the things that come to my mind. You know what I stand for? The message I want to put out there. >> All right. >> Can can I sort of add on to that? Have you always felt that you want to use your voice for what you're doing right now? >> Actually, to be honest, last time I was very shy. >> Yes. So, [laughter] so I I wouldn't want to put my my voice out there, but >> in my class setting in like small spaces, I always wanted to make my voice known. >> I'm not sure if it was like a like a attention seeker thing in me because I'm a middle child, you know, # middle child, [laughter] middle child syndrome, right? They say that, oh, they're very they are very attention seeking and but throughout my education journey, I always found myself to be someone that was very vocal. M >> so I would speak up in class if teacher asked for questions I would answer you know and >> I think how that translated to eventually in social media was that I felt like within my small sphere of influence in school I I already had um I already had a strong voice there >> and so now when the transfer happened from that to social media >> it it felt like I wasn't sure if people resonate the same way >> ah okay >> you know like would people now interpret me differently because now there is um sort of like a yeah a persona you know like social media they can say it's like fake like are you putting up a front >> you know so those are some of the initial concerns that I had >> when I started to you know uh speak up more on videos and and and all that yeah >> would you like to tell the listeners and people that you know who want to learn more how to get there >> it's not so simple as n as Jven has shared it's something that you know you you can't say that you know I I can find my voice I can I find it straight away there's a lot of work there's a lot of conscious effort that you have to put in >> and this is something that can be done I think that's what I want to share it's not something like oh you know I have a natural voice some people say that oh I'm born confident you know I'm born with charisma I have this I have that >> but no you have to find your voice first >> and that's what we do at Dare to speak academy we tell them it's a very safe environment it's a safe space for individuals to find their voice and their confidence >> so we'll talk a little bit more about how and I think Jven stories may help the listeners and the viewers >> fantastic okay let's talk about the times where doubt >> okay creeps in tries to silence them right second guessing yourself and >> you know should I do this is this the right way >> what will people you know right how do you deal with this >> right I I think those are very valid feelings right first and foremost and everyone we do experience some form of like doubt or second guessing ourselves >> but I think it's always important to you know kind of like take a step back >> take a step back pause and to really understand like where is this like hesitation or fear like where is this hesitation coming from and most often than not is fear of judgment fear of what people think of us like oh if I say this if I speak this then people will judge me and a lot of times in my space and my circle that I see a a lot of my content creator friends they don't end up putting a video or a lot of my friends they don't end up doing something because they're afraid of what people think of them >> right like how many times we let fear hold us back >> yes it's fear and also self-esteem >> as well as confidence because they don't have the confidence to feel that they can take the judging Yeah. >> Yeah. So, you know, you have people who say things like that and yet you have come out of it. >> What is it that made you or helped you to be who you are now? >> I think it it's it's a lot about reframing and a lot about disassociating, you know. >> So, I feel like I'm able to now I've reached a level where I have a fundamental core belief that I'm doing this for >> the people that like like the content. they they they kind of um resonate with your content that you put out. So, I'm doing it for them, not for the people that don't really resonate. Right? I think in this world, you are not going to be everyone's cup of tea. And I've already understood that. >> So, I'm not going to go about my uh content creator journey pandering to those who don't like me, but focusing on those who already support me. >> That's fantastic. Yeah. That's fantastic. >> That's great. Yeah. >> Yeah. But you know with that said right have you ever posted something and immediately >> doubted or you know started second guessing yourself? >> Yeah 100%. I think there will always be uh that that feeling and even today also I just posted a video and then I'm like h what what if it doesn't do well you know like what what if like people don't like it and then I always need to tell myself this. I say as long if one person like that video, if one person um resonate with it, if they walk walk away from watching that video feeling some sort of good emotion, I'm like job done. >> So I I bring it down to the granular detail. It's it's not about thousands and thousands of people who like your video. It's just one. If I if I meet one person's day, >> that is job done. And and that is my guiding principle for a content creator because like a lot of times you you tend to pit yourself to high standards. Oh, I must have like a viral video. I want a video that like gets 10k likes. >> And then when you fall short of that, you feel a sense of disappointment. >> Which >> unfortunately it's it's a it's a real feeling, >> but you always got to go back to your guiding compass like why did you post that video, you know? >> Okay. That's very interesting. >> Yeah. Well, you know, >> so there's courage here. >> Yeah, there's courage. >> Yeah, there's courage. There's quite a lot of courage. >> So imagine someone who's trying to build confidence and trying to stand and speak in front of an audience, >> they will have to have that courage >> because they know that people are going to >> give them feedback and sometimes Yeah. Sometimes the feedback is good. >> So the willingness to accept the feedback and change, right? >> Sometimes feedback is negative also. >> Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And then what what happens when when you get these feedbacks like what happens when when the it's not the voices in your head but it's the voices from outside. What happens what you do? >> Yeah. I I think there there are many many things that you can do when you get negative comment right. I feel like okay different between constructive criticism and flatout hate. Okay let's >> cuz there are some people they will comment yeah I don't like your face. Yes. Yes. I'm sure >> I cannot change my face, you know, and where else there are other people that are a bit more constructive like, hey, you know, I I think I understand the video context, but maybe if you could be more mindful about over consumption. Yesterday, yesterday someone told me this like I posted a video that I received some uh I received some new gadgets from Apple >> and then um I shared it with my followers and then they're like, "Hey, you know, I've been watching your content, but I just want to share a few that um be mindful of overconumption." And then it hit me as a creator. I was like, "Hey, actually, you know, right, that's right. there are people that um don't even have this luxury of a phone and or or the ability to get that latest model phone >> now that it's out. So as a creator I have to be mindful that my audience they are technically watching my content and I have to be a good role model. >> Yes. >> So this thought about overconumption is is something that we should all be mindful of you know. >> Yeah. And and and that that was a learning point for me as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So that's constructive criticism. So it came from a place where they want you to do better. They hold you to higher standards and I appreciate when my followers do that. >> So how do you handle negative comments and personal attacks? >> So one thing my friend told me to do is really just dissociate with all comments. Don't let anyone have a say in how you perceive yourself. Another way about going about uh dealing with like hate comments and stuff like that, right? And negative comments is ask yourself I think breathe. I I feel like this where the the 3B framework comes in, right? Take a pause like why are they commenting this? >> You know, after you pause, then you understand, you rationalize, maybe put yourself in the shoes of the >> other person. And that's part of bridging, right? >> That's right. >> You bridge and you kind of understand why are they uh saying this? And >> maybe they're coming from a place where uh they want me to do better or they feel like that content was uh how how to say >> content didn't work for them. didn't work for them. >> Yeah. I didn't do anything for them. >> And they didn't resonate. And so I must understand and empathize, right? Oh, okay. You know, that's fair. >> Fair enough. Yeah. >> And then finally, like the third B, which is boundary. I feel like that's when I I as a creator would then need to set that stand. >> Like, hey, you know, my content may not uh suit you, and that's okay. >> You know, that's fine. It doesn't have to appease everyone. Right. >> Right. Fantastic. As the founder of Dareto Speak Academy, I've seen how powerful it is when young people find their voice. That's why I've created these programs to transform their public speaking and confidence in just 8 weeks. For ages 8 to 10, our conversation champions. For ages 11 to 15, the SpeakUp Squad. And for ages 16 to 20, the Step Up Launchpad. All our causes come with a money back guarantee if your child does not achieve the intended outcomes. Click the link below to find out more about these programs. >> You know what? So, let's flip the stage a little bit. Okay. >> Because >> um we got to talk about speaking online, okay, versus speaking live. >> It's a completely different game, right? Okay. How is speaking to a camera different from speaking to a live audience? I think there are a lot of NG takes, you know, not good takes, right? If you speak to a camera, if it's not good, you can just cut it up. [laughter] >> Not not this show. >> Yeah. Not this show. I mean I mean, yeah, we do make mistakes and you can probably catch it on camera just like you. >> Yeah. And um whereas in public, I think the stakes are higher, you know, >> cuz you cannot retract back your words. >> Yeah. because people are recording, people are listening to your voice and and if you say something that is let's say um you know a bit controversial >> or or it's a very opinionated views like it can >> um really cause some um stir some commotion you know. >> That's why it's very important to uh be very careful what are the words that comes out of your mouth because once it goes out there's no taking it back. >> So you're adapting and you're adjusting. Yeah. >> Right. >> Yeah. It's all about adaptability. >> And I think on that note, if I can share a little bit more, it's it's also like >> let's say behind the camera if in my own room I'm recording, right? If I say something and I film everything all done, what I'll do is I'll send it to my friends >> as a fact check and as to also say, hey, you know, if I post this, would it kind of anger certain communities? Is it like would it be taken lightly? You know, I have friends that I would send my videos to to check how they feel, >> you know, cuz sometimes we need a third person's point of view, >> right? because they can bring in fresh perspective and like hey you know Jven I think maybe this video is a bit touchy given the sensitivity of the time that we are in you know if it's global issues that you're talking about sometimes we like to uh bring those global issues and turn it into humor >> and it can be done if it's done like um tactfully >> yes of course but sometimes it can fall flat >> and then people say oh you are w how are you you know making fun of this situation you know very insensitive True. >> But then as you said earlier on, you can't please everybody, isn't it? >> Correct. Correct. >> So, isn't that hard? >> Let's say you send to your friends and then they, you know, they give you feedback. >> And they say, you know, I I think like let's say you sent to three friends and two of them said this is great and one said, >> "Yeah." >> Then what do you do? >> I guess if if let's say it depends on contextually, right? If it's a humor, humor can be subjective, right? What you find funny, someone else may not find funny. >> So if two out of three friends find it funny, then I'm like, okay, maybe I'll post. You know, two3 is a is a good statistic. >> But if that one/ird is um the community at which they would feel outraged by my content, >> then that becomes like okay, then maybe I should not post this video, [clears throat] >> you know. So at the end of the day as as a creative, as a creator or any person putting content out there, you want to be mindful not to uh marginalize or to further perpetuate stereotypes. >> You know, which can anger certain communities, >> right? Cuz that's also part of your in if you talk about the grand scheme of a creator, >> you don't want to get cancelled. You know, cancel culture. This is a a thing right now. >> Yeah. [laughter] Cancel culture. Yes. But with that said in mind, you know, so many people competing for the limelight. >> Even in Singapore, there's so many, >> right? >> How do you keep relevant? How do you keep up with them? >> Yeah. I think uh great question. I feel most important is like just being you >> because there's only one of you, you know, like no matter that there can be so many other creators, right? But what makes you stand out, you know, what makes you set apart? I always like to feel is uh like what's your differentiating factor? Because even today, right, like it's been 5 years being a creative and there more creators that are coming up, but still brands want to work with me >> and I think it's because I bring a set of unique uh content which maybe other people they we all do it differently, you know. Correct. >> Yeah. And and I feel like you don't need to kind of like be afraid like hey there's another cuz there were certain instances right when I started coming to the creative scene >> other minorities who were in the scene already felt like I was a threat. >> Oh >> I was a threat to their rice bowl you know they were like hey wow this new Indian creator coming up and then they thought like I would kind of um you know eat into their lion share you know >> racist too right? It's a bit like of a it's a it's a mindset povert is that mindset scarcity mindset. Mhm. >> It's a thing, you know, people feel like, oh, okay, a new creator comes up means less opportunities for me, but then I have a more of an abundance mindset. >> Opportunities will forever come. The pie is huge. Exactly. >> We don't need to fight for that small bit. True. >> So, so that was my whole framing going in and I'm like, I'm just going to stick to my lane, focus on what I do, not care about what people think. And if you want to follow me along my journey, I'm glad that you're here. But it's there are people who started later than me now have more followers than me >> and and that's normal. I mean it is normal feeling to also feel like hey wow how come they got more followers >> but then you always got to not see it as a you know they always say comparison is a thief of joy >> and then you start to feel sour. you start to feel like bitter like hey but then you need to realize that 5 years ago when you started at let's say zero followers >> there was a whole journey that you took to get here >> exactly >> you know so I I think looking back I I don't really care too much about like the environment like oh so many creators around I just focus and stick to my lane >> okay I mean I mean like we're talking about creators and there's so many of them around right okay and uh this is just off like I said we don't follow the script So, I'm just going to say this. >> Among all the Singaporean creators, right, >> who do you like to watch? >> Okay. So, there are quite a few. I think I I do like to watch a couple content cuz I think they do pranks with each other. You know, it's very sweet. >> Um I I do content with my grandmother. So, I also like to watch other people who do content with their own grandmother. >> Yeah. Uh, if we were to name names, I would say maybe content creators like Fabian and Deborah. They're the Chinese Indian couple. You know, they do content together. >> I also like uh this other creator, his name is Ian, and then he shows his Chinese grandmother. They do like trends >> So, I like to watch these these few contents. >> Fantastic. You know, so and and and I'm I'm sure by watching these people, you also like sometimes just get ideas, get inspiration, get ideas. And I think that's I think that's the way it should be as well. I mean as even when you want want to learn how to speak >> sometimes watching other people speak. >> That really helps. >> You know picking up the intonation picking up how they interact with audiences. Right. >> Yeah. But now in the realm where I I hear too much all the Gen Z talk. I'm starting to talk like a Gen Z, you know, [laughter] >> starting to use words. >> Is that wrong? >> I think it's uh you want to strike a balance, you know, cuz next thing you know code switching code switching is real, right? Yes. Yes. But then that helps, isn't it? It helps your relative to communicate. >> That's true. That's true. >> And you are communicating to a different, you know, audience all the time. >> So why why not? I think there's nothing wrong with it. >> I think it's it's maybe the the certain lingo franaqua that the genz's use. Yes. >> It hasn't bridged across to [laughter] the the boomers and the gen Y. >> So they are unfamiliar with certain terms and that's where you have to bridge the gap first. >> What terms? >> Example, okay. Hey, do you know I Y N? If you know, you know. You know, like it's okay. And then there is this term called like glazing. >> Do you know what glazing means? >> I have no idea. >> Yeah, glazing. And then maybe can I ask the Gen Z? I don't not not sure if she's Gen Z, the person camera, [laughter] but then there's this term um called like uh chopped. >> Like I see it's to describe someone who's like not physically attractive. Not uh >> Oh my goodness. >> Yeah. You will call someone, oh, he looks chopped. >> Oh, okay. Now I'm like hearing all these terms. >> I'm sure there a lot of people telling saying that about me, man. [laughter] >> No, no, no. >> Don't think so. >> Yeah. So, it's it's uh where when you talk about like when you hear people talk, you can kind of pick up, right? You can you also pick up the new language like >> I mean I mean I mean honestly like um I I've I've seen some of this lingo being used by u >> Gen Z's and >> by the even the Gen X's and yeah like like we have group chats and like I have an uncle group chat and then they like I was like huh my uncle's like [laughter] really >> I was like okay >> trying to be cool >> trying to be cool. Yeah. So you know so so it it I mean it is rubbing ally I think I think every generation has this every generation has their lingo their terms and whatever note right like yeah >> I'm going to sound terribly old school to say that you know even when I text messages >> perfect English >> oh >> actually yeah she does like >> I always write in complete like sentences and you know I don't have um >> but it comes across very um how do you So likeious. >> Yes. And I I think when you when you end off with a full stop, right, the Jenz's would interpret that as like, are you angry at me? [laughter] >> Yeah. Cuz like when you when you text, you rarely end off with a full stop. >> I thought angry is all caps. >> No, they different. >> I need to get up. So we learning. Yeah. So when I received like message from Sicil right like there was a oh full stop. I was like whoa. Okay. >> Okay. Now I'm not going to have [laughter] full stop. But that's why I say I'm school. >> I think you just have to >> this is my style is just notice who you're messaging. Who you messaging? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Ah that means you have to be mindful of who you are communicating with. You see important who you're writing to, who you're speaking to. >> Having emojis also helps. You know, smiley face. >> No. But I also found out that you can't just use emojis like >> you know randomly. Oh, really? >> Because apparently they have >> meanings. >> Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You know I'm quoting from the you know series that was shown on Netflix after that I got really scared because we used to have purple hearts you know you know because we sometimes the person is wearing purple and you know like w so nice the outfit you know oh I love it then purple so many purple hearts now we know purple hearts got different meaning hearts got different meaning so >> that's about emojis >> you know honestly [laughter] >> I I don't care >> just post >> yeah yeah I mean I mean hardly use emojis anyway So, you know, >> yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I I also there's also this other generation, right, that you know, >> instead of WhatsApping you, they voice. >> Voice note. Oh my god. >> I don't like voice note. I I don't like that. >> Unfortunately, that's how the grandparents like communicate. >> Yes. That's okay. That's okay. >> But every other person now tends to do that. And you know, like they don't have time to message. I can understand, but I don't have time to listen. Some maybe sometimes if you're spilling hot tea, you know, like like very juicy gossip like you [laughter] can like send a voice. >> I I I think I think that's that's a valid time to do that. Yeah. >> Voice note. Yeah. >> Okay. Anyways, it's challenge time. >> Okay. All right. Uh we talked about a lot of theory. Okay. Now it's to now it's time to put it to the test. >> Okay. And of course, we're going to ask you to try out this method. Okay. The BBB method. And of course before we do that I would like uh Sla to [music] actually let everyone know what it is. >> Sure. It's quite simple. We call the three B's. The first B is breathe. The second B is bridge and the third B is boundary. Now for the first of course we all breathe. So before you know when you encounter this kind of situations you know or you've read something negative and so you take a deep breath. Uh you don't have to tell people that you're doing it, but breath first. Okay. Second, you need to have a bridge because you're going to respond about your boundary. You want to say something to the person. There needs to be a bridge. Something that says why you're doing this. And the boundary is for example, this may be something the person has said which is negative. And you can say, "Yeah, you have your views. Thank you for your views, but these are my views." and I would like you to be respectful about it and that's about it. So you're saying hey I don't care this is how I am you know so the boundary sort of says you can have your views but just be respectful or just be nice in case if it's something really nasty that somebody said you think >> okay so now it's your turn I'm going to throw you you know >> under the bus a little bit right I'm going to be the angry disgruntled viewer okay right I'm going to tell you and Obviously, I typed this out to you, but I'm going to >> verbally say it out. Okay. >> Your content is fake. >> And you only do this for the clicks. >> Oh, >> cloud chaser. You know, they say all that kind of things, right? Um, okay. So, let's practice the three Bs, right? I think >> breathe [laughter] like, okay, sometimes it can be it can feel like a personal attack, right? Of course, >> you know, then that's why I feel like the breathing is is important, you know, to like compose yourself before you respond >> cuz you don't want to be reactive. >> Cuz a reactive will be like >> uh like I would shoot you back >> and and that may not uh and that may just continue like a shooting ping pong two and fro two and fro to and I see that happen in my comment section where people just fighting over. >> I see it spiraling, >> you know, and and and it's like why for what? waste breath, waste energy, waste your mental space. Your >> We call them keyboard warriors. >> Keyboard warriors. Exactly. >> Reason because they got nothing better to do. >> And and and the thing is that they they crave a reaction out of you. >> So fishing for a reaction. >> Don't bite. >> So I think that the second part about the bridge, right, it will be ask them, okay, why are they putting a comment like this? Is it to instigate a reaction out of me? >> Are they trying to, you know, trip me up? Are they trying to make me feel small? Are they trying to uh in a way invalidate my feelings or my exposure or or the video based on the video that I did, you know, >> or is it like flatout hate? >> So, in that case, I would try to relate from that standpoint and then I guess expressing my boundary would be I would then see if I it's worth replying back or I would just kind of uh ignore. And I think ignoring it is in some ways it protects me from dealing with comments like that. I feel in general most hate comments I just ignore. >> Yeah. But if it's a if it's like a cheeky hate comment, what I might do is so I've received example maybe a real life example would be someone commented um >> uh like a hate comment on my video and then I'll be like oh okay never mind. Thank you so much for watching still. you are um contributing to my engagement. >> So I kind of twist it in such a way like hey you know your your comment actually even though it's negative it helps me >> by getting more engagement to the video then then they're silent. >> Yeah. Regardless responded in a very positive way >> or slight sarcasm then you know >> but of course they didn't pick it. >> Yeah they didn't pick it up. >> Yeah they didn't pick it up. Yeah. Well, you know what? Um, after listening to exactly what you said, I'm still disgruntled. >> Sure. Still angry. >> Uh, this is dumb. I unfollow you. >> Ah, okay. I've received those before. Yeah, I've received those where like people say that, oh, they they want to unfollow me or my content no longer resonates with them. And I think I have to um again you know breathe put myself in their shoes try to bridge like okay >> yeah maybe is uh valid they they don't resonate and therefore they unfollow it's fine >> and I I don't need to >> kind of feel sad about it. I think I would as a creator I would go back to the drawing block and maybe like understand okay why >> you know is there a need to maybe restrategize my content >> but then again I do content that I want to do you know similar to you Navin you do content that you want to do and >> sometimes as your content evolves right you would bound to be no longer someone's cup of tea >> maybe last time they like your content but then now as you evolve you do other things, people like, you know what, I no longer consume your content. I'm going to unfollow you. And that's fine. >> It's like last time we watch a certain series, >> but after the series stopped getting interesting, >> we just drop off. You stop watching, >> which is fine. >> Which is fine. It doesn't mean that you like hate the series. >> It's just more of like, you know, it was interesting at the start, but now no longer. So, I'm moving on to other things. At the end, the boundary will be, I guess, thank you for commenting. I felt like maybe they wanted me to know that >> they are unfollowing. Sometimes they want to get >> Yeah. They wanted to get >> they want to let you know, you know, but most people they just unfollow without you knowing. You don't even know, right? >> Because you win some, you lose some, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> I love the fact that you deal with it in a very very amazing manner. I mean, like so calm. >> Okay. I I think there are some content creators out there. They're not as calm as you. So, anyways. Anyways, uh let's move on to founders corner. Oh, this is my corner. >> Yeah, this is a corner that we you know in in fact you're sitting in the center but hey your corner. Okay. [laughter] >> Anyway, for this corner um I'm just going to share I know it is not so much about being a content creator but we could also link it to that. Um but whenever it's uh the founders's corner I'm supposed to share >> uh an experience with a learner. So I'm just going to share someone who had uh you know who just lacked confidence. She came up and she said you know I want to learn to be more confident. So I had to tell her that it has to be [music] baby steps. >> Y >> we take tiny steps. We will start. First of all you need to build your confidence. And how do you build your confidence? It doesn't just come like that. You need to do it. And I'm a person who always say just do [music] it. So if you're going to just do it, I need to sort of have targets for her [music] which she had to like fulfill on a weekly basis when they have their weekly meetings. So she must create one very strong [music] opening >> and she'll share it with me and then you know she'll try and then let me know how it went [music] and we sort of worked just not just that uh she had to make this very uh important team presentation >> and it took us six months you know you know 6 [music] months working with me for her to do a successful presentation [music] to the board. M >> and she admitted to me when she spoke everybody was listening. >> They were looking at her and that's when because I always tell her you need to own your voice. And so she told me Suscila I owned the room >> with my voice. I said great it's great. So this is how we do it. We always say you know depends what your needs are. You know we may have different different needs. So if it's someone because most people they can speak very well like in her case she can speak very well. There's no problem with the language is just the confidence. >> Uh so that's what uh today's uh founders corner is all about. >> And let's move on to something fun. >> Rapid fire man. >> Let's go. >> Rapid fire. You know I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions immediately answer. Sure. >> Okay. And um no thinking, right? No thinking. Just go. Okay. >> Okay. All right. So let's do this. Favorite creator tool? >> Uh, cap cut. >> Longest time editing one video? >> Oh, four hours. >> Go-to phrase in any language? >> On. >> Dream collab? >> Singapore Airlines. >> Wow. >> Biggest misconception about creators. >> Uh, oh my god, this is tough. Biggest misconception that we all make a lot of money. >> Don't you? [laughter] depends how much is uh how much is enough for you. relative. Relative is very very relative. I suppose >> confidence in one word. >> I think it's well one word. It's tough. I want to say grounded. >> Yeah. Cuz I feel like where it stems from like your roots and everything. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. Grounded. >> And and and I I would say that by you saying grounded, it just makes this all so real. Like I said, the show this show is us being real. >> I I stated from before and I would like to stick by it. and by having guests like you >> who's grounded is real, man. >> Amazing. >> Okay. So, >> let's um get on something. Okay. >> I would like it if you could record a quick voice note to your 15year-old self, >> a 10-second pep talk. >> Okay. What would you tell your, you know, 15year-old self? >> Okay. Okay. Contextually, when I was 15, I was actually in a very transient stage of my life where I had a lot of self-esteem issues. So, I I used to be a plum kid, slightly more on the plum side, and that affected my self-worth and how I saw myself 15year-olds who were fitter, you know, they passed their nafa and and [music] so what I would say to that kid is um don't be so hard on yourself. I think you need to love love love yourself and [music] there is beauty that's inside that people will see >> and sometimes beauty is just not outside you know focus on the inward and focus on yourself and one day you'll blossom and I felt like my 15year-old self like needed to go through what he went through to become the person that I am today. >> So it's more of like I want to give my 15-year-old self a hug and say it's going to be okay. >> Wow. Okay, >> that's very good. >> So, you're not you're not going to give any tips. >> I think I I wouldn't want him to kind of change what he did, you know, cuz he had to go through those things to come out >> on on uh top. But I would say it's like you got this. >> Just as a word of encouragement. >> Interesting. >> Yeah. Maybe I would say buy Bitcoin. >> I was waiting for that. I was waiting for that. Waiting for that, right? Yeah. >> Start investing early. >> Yeah. Yeah. Just just buy Bitcoin when it's $1 a coin. Yeah, but you are savings. You know, I must say this to Jan, very impressive. I mean, from what you have shared about >> how you were as a 15year-old, you know, what are some of the, you know, I like to use the word hang-ups, right? We all have certain hang-ups, >> but where you are now today, you should be very proud of yourself. >> Thank you. >> Great job. >> Really great job. So confident you are, and I'm so proud >> that you are our guest. Really, really, very proud. [laughter] Okay. So before you leave us, all right, what's your oneliner for this episode? >> I think confidence come from within. Yeah. We like to thank you for coming on to the show. Okay. Of course, I'd like to thank my lovely hosts. And for all you audiences out there, lovely audiences out there, now it's your chance to practice on your BBBS. >> Now it's your turn. You're there. It's quite easy. You just write down your BBB reply as a template. Keep it in your notes. It should be something around 40 words. Save it and the next time the pressure hits you, you'll be ready. Use that BBB you have already prepared. Okay. >> Once again, ladies and gentlemen, this has been speak up and stand out. My lovely, lovely host co-host with me. Sushila is here. We got Jven as our lovely guest. Well, it's been a real treat and we'll see you again soon. So keep on watching and don't be afraid to speak up now. >> Send out. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaeshbalachandran5766 [6 likes]: A very wise and deep thinker who gave great advice for anyone watching.
  2. @SumathiKrishnan-n4m [2 likes]: Interesting podcast, keep it going 👌👌👌

- How to Actually Stay Calm Under Pressure (Viral Tips Tested): Kind: captions Language: en Listen, there could be a few reasons why you struggle to stay focused, but today I would tell you one, just one. Okay, the one you are not even aware of. But first, I need you to answer this question. What's your vision for the future? What's your vision? When you think of yourself, you think of your life, what comes to your mind? What do you see? Your vision is basically the summary of the person you want to become and the things you want to achieve. Okay? So, don't be confused. So, what is it? Okay, hold on. Let's calm down a little. What are your life goals? Not the ones you wrote on paper. No, the ones inscribed on your heart. The ones you think about. The ones that keep you learning even at night when no one is watching. The ones that keep you on your knees praying. The ones you cannot help but be serious about. Do you have one? You don't have. Listen, let's be honest here. If you don't have, it means there is absolutely nothing serious in your life to focus on. There is nothing there to focus on. Listen to me. Focus cannot happen in vagueness. You cannot truly focus if you don't have something clear and specific to direct your attention to. Okay. Now, here is it. Maybe you truly have something to focus on. Maybe you have a reason to take your life seriously. But the question is, is it burning in your heart? Does it burn your heart? Is it strong enough? Listen, I'm not asking if it's big enough. I'm not asking how big it is because that's what they tell you. The weight of your vision is not measured by how spectacular it seems. No, but how much it consumes your heart and how consistently you work toward it. Can you look at your life, look at yourself and say that you have a vision? I mean, do you have something you can actually focus on, something serious to focus on? Because lack of focus isn't always a problem of distraction. I'll tell you this if nobody tells you. Okay? It can also be the result of having no vision, no direction for your life. And that's why your life takes the shape of anything it comes across. Listen to me. Remember this if you don't remember anything else. Okay? Vision gives you direction. Direction is what drives focus. Please have a vision. Define your vision. Make it clear. Make it bold enough. Don't be on a journey to nowhere. That's all for now. Today I want to teach you how to be in control. All right? No matter what happens, how to be in control. You have to understand one thing. The major thing about control is not you controlling others. It is about you mastering yourself. Many people have never mastered themselves. And every situation just sends them into a panic mood because you don't know how to react in whatever situation that you're in. All right? You understand that? Many people lose control. All right? Not because of the situation. Because some people might say this situation is so huge or so tough. No, it is because you do not understand. You have not mastered your thoughts. You don't know how you react to yourself. And that's why I always say to most people who come to me on a private uh teaching, I always tell them one of the major things you need to do to yourself is understand yourself, know yourself. You have to sit down and write your positive uh things. All things which are positive about you. All your strengths, write them down in a piece of paper and write all your weaknesses in a piece of paper and look at your weaknesses and look at your strengths. And once you have these two things in your hand, now you're seeing yourself outside yourself. My friend, you are now controlling yourself. You can now know when somebody says this, it triggers me to do this. So when you see somebody doing this, then you're not wait going to wait for this one to happen because you already know this is a something which is going to bring this kind of reaction. You have already mastered yourself. Then you are able to control every situation in life. You see in for example business you find that most people are not able to begin with their bosses because the moment your boss tells you what do you want you've panicked. If only you knew that you panic first then you're going to understand this is how I react. So when I panic this is my antidote. All right. If it's in a situation like a relationship, most people when you see your man or your woman h is not texting back, this is how you react. You start immediately arguing and you get angry and things like that. Now, if you know this is just a reaction which happens anytime you send a text and is not answered, then what are you going to do? You are going to send lesser texts. You see how you control the situation because you have mastered yourself and if you master yourself then you become a master of everything. So even in situations about losing temper there are people who uh come to me and they tell me Keith I lose temper so fast. All right. And do you know why you lose temper? Because you're trying your instincts are trying to protect you. You have what we call a low self-esteem. All right. In most cases, people who lose temper so fast, they try to they are basically trying to justify themselves by trying to argue and be seen and be it is me. Yes, it is me. Please believe me. That is what you're saying in your heart. But uh the first person to lose his cool, you know what happens? He is always the one who loses the upper hand of a situation. Never lose your cool. You know what you do? Anger always shrinks your thinking. When you are angry, your thinking goes low. All right? So, if you want to take control of a situation, don't react so fast. All right? Be calm because the calm people, they always in control of the room. Calmness, calmness is power. All right? Just be calm. when he's arguing or she's arguing and there's this dispute or this situation, just be silent because the other person will always be trying to prick you to see your reaction on the other end. But when you're keeping quiet and you're just you and you're looking at them, they're losing it more. They're thinking, "Why can't you speak out? Why can't you tell me what is in your mind?" There's a secret, my friend, of staying in control. Even that relationship your views which is giving you headache. Do you know how you control it? Very simple thing. Be a silent person. Be a silent person. Be be uh very slow to react when they send you a message and expecting you to reply in a whole sentence. Be slow to answer. Don't be like they've just sent me. Let me reply them. Silence controls the room. If that made sense to you, please uh just talk to other people and tell them the same thing and see how they will be able to understand you. Teach people some of these things by the way I usually tell you. Don't just stay with wisdom for nothing. Teach other people. Let them know. All right? Because knowledge is power. It's iron sharpening iron. H real recognizes real. And if you want to know much more about how you can control your anger situations, you can control your emotions, you can control yourself so that you can have a peaceful life because the Bible says seek you first the kingdom of God. And the kingdom of God according to Romans 14:17 is peace and joy. So if you want peace and joy, you have to learn how to control yourself, to control your mind, your emotions, your situations. If you want to know how you can do this much more, please go to my website kithmmoi.com. There's a link on my profile bio and it will lead you exactly there. And there you can talk to me on WhatsApp and I'll guide you step by step to become the best version of yourself. God bless you and have a good time. I'm 54. And what if I told you the biggest breakthrough of your life, the biggest quantum leap forward for you is not going to come from hustling harder or journaling more or asking other people for advice. It's going to come from one meeting with every version of you. And if you can do this and ask yourself these six questions, it's going to change everything for you. Here's how you do it. I want you to imagine a boardroom meeting. You walk in and every single version of you is present. Child, you, the teenage version of you, the young adult version of you, the broken version of you, the the version of you that wore a mask for so long, that future version of you who's already got it all figured out, they're all present. They've just been waiting for you to show up. You walk in and you begin asking these six questions. Number one, what does each of you need to hear right now? Some need comfort. Some need love. Some just need to be seen. Some want answers. Listen. Listen to that. Number two, what have I been carrying for so long? And who asked me to carry it in the first place? This is going to allow you to release what was never yours to begin with. Number three, if I fully trusted that this was all going to work out, what would I do next? Let that future version of you speak now because they already know the answer. Number four, which version of me have I been ignoring, but they hold the key. That's your unlock. Go listen. Number five, and this is critical. What have I been too afraid to say out loud? Because once I do, it changes everything. Say it now. Say it in that room. And the last question, what does a version of me who's already made it, already figured it out, refuse to tolerate anymore? And why am I still tolerating it right now? Let that future version of you speak because they hold the answer. That's it. That's your leap. That meeting, it's already in session. Every other version of you has shown up. Now it's your turn. You're not stuck. You're just overdue for the most important conversation in your life. Hope that helps. It's up to you to take care of you while you're in that relationship to center you, your finances, your education, your mental health, your physical health, your community, the loving yourself, your internal battery, and your internal boundaries. How you talk to yourself is so critical in how you see yourself, your self worth, your self-confidence. But it's up to you to do that therapy, that coaching, and navigate life with a sense of agency cuz men will switch up. This has been happening for years, decades, centuries. It's never changed. Hopefully with our sons as we raise them, you know, things will start to change. But in the meantime, center yourself knowing that if that man switches up, changes all is gone to be with the Lord. You can still do it. You have to start centering yourself. You have to stop making yourself a sideline character or a marginalized character in your own life. Of course, this does not mean being selfish and not caring about other people. Of course, we are communal creatures. We need one another. It's important to do that. But your story can only truly be told and experienced by you. So to put somebody else in that main character's seat would leave your story untold. Centering yourself in your life is a way of honoring your story of being respectful towards yourself. And when you are able to embrace and honor your story, you are then better able to do it for other people as well because you realize that we are all just a bunch of plot lines interacting with one another. >> You'll notice a change in your life when you start centering yourself. It's not about disentering men or disentering women or disentering who center yourself. Learn to center yourself. be your absolute focus in everything that you're in. Before you do something or as you do something or whatever event that you are in, whatever it is that you want to do, always ask yourself how's how is this thing serving you? The same to people anytime you're relating to someone. Yeah. Anytime you're trying to relate with with someone, be it a parent, be it a co-orker, be it a relationship like someone you're trying to date or something. Be it friends, be it groups. Yeah. Ask yourself what is what is in it for me? Like am I doing this for myself or I'm doing it for someone else's validation? Yeah. So move from decentering people to actually centering yourself. Think about your needs. What you really want out of a situation, what you really want out of people, what you really want out of some of the things that you do. Yeah. So you actually learn, you actually grow once you learn how to center yourself as a person.

- HOW TO STAY CALM UNDER PRESSURE #lifetruths #motivation #inspiration #morningspiritboost #viral: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning. And welcome again to Morning Spirit Boost with Dennis. How are you today? Glory to God. Today we're going to be looking at how to stay calm under pressure. Pressure is a part of life. Deadlines, expectations, and unexpected challenges. These things will come. And often they come without warning. One moment everything feels normal. The next moment you are overwhelmed. But here is a key truth. Pressure is inevitable. Panic is optional. Many people lose control, not because the situation is too big, but because their response becomes uncontrolled. Pressure pushes them into fear, anxiety, and rushed decisions. But you are not called to panic. You are called to remain steady. The Bible says in the book of Isaiah chapter 26 verse 3. And it says, "You will keep in perfect peace those whose minds are stayed on you." This means peace is not based on the situation. It is based on where your focus is. When pressure rises, your focus matters. If you focus on the problem, anxiety increases. If you focus on fear, confusion grows. But when you shift your focus to God, peace begins to take over. Staying calm under pressure starts with controlling your inner state. First, pause. Do not rush into reaction. Pressure tries to push you into quick emotional decisions. But wisdom says, "Slow down." Second, breathe and reset your mind. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can do in a tense moment is to quiet your thoughts and center yourself. Third, speak peace over yourself. Words are powerful. In the middle of pressure, declare, "I am calm. I am guided. I will handle this with wisdom." And fourth, trust that you are not alone. God is present even in high-pressure moments. He gives clarity when things seem confusing and strength when you feel weak. Here is something powerful you have to remember always. And this is that pressure reveals what is inside of you. If you build peace within, then even under pressure, peace will come out. Calmness is not weakness. It is strength under control. Anyone can panic, but it takes maturity, discipline, and faith to stay steady when everything around you feels unstable. So, today, make a decision before pressure even comes. Say it out loud. No matter what happens today, I will remain calm, focused, and guided. Practice pausing. Practice controlling your response, and practice choosing peace over panic. Because when you learn to stay calm under pressure, you don't just survive difficult You handle them with wisdom, strength, and confidence. I pray that God Almighty will give us the grace to stay calm even under pressure, that we may be able to overcome these pressures by His mercies and by His grace in Jesus' name. Amen. Thank you for being a part of Morning Spirit Boost with Dennis today again. Hope to have you back with us tomorrow. And please, do remember to help in the growth of Morning Spirit Boost by sharing, liking, engaging, subscribing, and spreading the news the best you can. God bless you again. Talk to you tomorrow.

- What Happens AFTER You Go Viral: Mental Health, Identity Issues & the Crash No One Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Everyone wants to go viral until it actually happens and then suddenly the thing that you thought you wanted the most or like a dream come true feels like a slight identity crisis. If you've ever said once I go viral everything will change, I'm here to tell you you're not wrong, but probably not in a way that you're expecting. It does change everything, but not in the way that you're thinking. In this episode, I'm pulling from my own experience. I hit 20,000 followers in 5 days on Tik Tok back in 2023. In one month, like literally within that same month, I was at 50,000 followers. I had multiple videos with over a million views. And I'm not a celebrity. I I've been I've just been on the other side of virality. And trust me, it's not all the clout and brand deals that everybody makes it up to be. Let's talk about what no one tells you about going viral, especially what it does to your mental health. And even if you just consume social media and you see these viral creators, like it's it's you look at yourself differently. And like virality is a high, then it's a hangover. So the first time a video blows up, it's like lightning in your brain. Your phone doesn't stop buzzing. Comments flood in. People DM you like you're famous. For a moment, you feel seen in a way that maybe you never have before, but here's what hit me really fast. The same way that the views spiked, then they dropped, right? The adrenaline wore off. So then you kind of like left with yourself and you're like, what's left? A pit in my stomach wondering if I'd ever hit those numbers again, right? The insecurity starts to creep in. It's like getting addicted to a slot machine that only pays out one time. It's no fun, right? Then there's the repressure, the pressure to repeat it, right? Once you go viral, the question becomes, how do I top that? I saw an interview with Miley Cyrus one time because people will always ask her like I think Wrecking Ball was like her first like really really really big hit um outside of any stuff she did with Disney. And um everybody asked her on interviews like you know like are you going to make another wrecking ball? And this is an interview after she made the song Flowers which I think hit a billion streams. I freaking love her. But she like was when she was interviewed she said I had to change my relationship with success. Like I was lucky that I had I think she said something along the lines of like I was lucky I have such a good relationship with success because she didn't know she'd make another wrecking ball. She didn't know that when she was creating flowers. She's like, "When I was creating flowers, I was creating it from my heart. I wasn't creating it to make it what it was, you know, and I don't think and she talks a lot about how her relationship with success was already stable because her dad already was in the spotlight. So everything that she did was always like, you know, praised and like great because she never had to struggle with the identity of like, oh, will I ever achieve success again the way that her dad had?" So I I wish I could find that interview and link it. Maybe I'll look for it. But it was really cool. So definitely look that up. But anyway, as it relates to social media, like how do I top that? Like, if you've never had that level of, you know, noticeability or like people looking at you and thinking about a million people watching you, it's crazy. Like, and then you start chasing views instead of chasing value and you post with anxiety instead of creativity. So, you second guess every idea like, will this hit? Will this flop? Am I falling off? Like, you have like a whole identity crisis of like, did people really like me just for that topic and nothing else? It's like I thought people liked me for me. Then suddenly you're not creating for joy or alignment. You're creating to feed an algorithm that never says good job. It only asks for more. So then creeps like in the the trolls, the judgment, the noise. Going viral puts your content in front of people who do not know you. They don't like you. They don't care. And then they let you know about it. I had strangers dissecting my tone, my face, my story, my weight, my appearance. I got I got accused of being a Chinese spy, which is like kind of crazy cuz I'm not Chinese. So, like that's wrong on so many levels. But cuz I like hacked the algorithm, I was being accused of being a Chinese spy. I'm like, whoa, that's like really offensive to Chinese people. Um like I'm not Chinese, but like that's not cool, you know? Like why did you assume that? Like what? you know, and just they if they could tear anything apart, they tore everything apart. Like even like somebody told me that my steering wheel like they were surprised that I couldn't afford a new car because my steering wheel was old. I'm like just cuz I went viral doesn't mean my life changed overnight. And also like it's not your business what my car looks like. I love my car. You know, you feel really exposed in a way that's hard to describe and no one prepares you for that. And everybody's like, "Oh, but like boohoo, like you went viral. Your life changed." No, it didn't. Like your life can change with repeated action and showing up and continuing to create content. That's where the change happens. But like suddenly one negative comment outweighs a hundred supportive ones and you start filtering yourself not for clarity but for safety. Like you start wanting to really protect yourself in ways that you never needed to before cuz people see you. And the identity crisis of sudden attention is real. Like virality forces you to ask like who am I now? Like your ego gets really inflated until there's that like plummet downwards when like nobody engages with your stuff after that viral video. And I wish somebody told me this sooner, but like say you hit a a million views on a video, two million views, whatever, and then the next day you hit 500,000. It's always going to be cut in half after that. I I like to look at it in quarters, right? So, like you hit a million views one time, then the next day you can expect less than 500,000. The day after that you can expect less than 500,000, like maybe even half, like maybe even 100,000. The downward trajectory is normal. It's part of the addictive nature of these apps. Unless you're really wellknown, um, then you do get those consistent views and stuff, but even so, like everybody has the es and flows after that. And like, you know, you have to ask yourself, virality forces you to ask yourself, who am I now? Am I that girl from that video? And sometimes we go viral for things that we don't even want to be famous for. You've seen it. We've all seen that happen, right? Am I supposed to niche down and be that person forever now? Like, is this one video becoming my entire personality? And do I owe my followers something? What if I don't even relate to that version of myself anymore? Going viral speeds up your audience growth, but to some degree, it's not the same as it used to be on Tik Tok. I'm speaking for that platform specifically, but your sense of self can't always keep up. So, I think sometimes when you're really grounded in who you are and you go viral, like, you know, you have you have the es and flows of how you feel about yourself when things don't hit the way you want them to. But I think sometimes when people go viral and they don't have a strong sense of self, like Charlie Demilio was interviewed on J Shett's podcast and she's like, "I didn't even know what I liked." Like think about that. Like the most viral girl in the world did what she what everybody else told her to do. And she even says that like definitely watch that episode too. But she was like, "I didn't even know like what I liked or what I liked about myself, like how I wanted to dress. I just always did what I was told." And that's crazy to think about like somebody who has seemingly all the resources, all the fame, all the notoriety in the world and she didn't even know herself. It's so like I felt very seen by that episode too. And I really appreciate like seeing that side of social media and that side of virality. Um, you know, and it's a really privileged place to come from, of course, like where you're like, "Oh yeah, I went viral. I own a a business because of X, Y, and Z now, or I'm able to do different things and get exposed to new things." But she was consistently putting herself out there. It's not that she didn't. I think she worked hard. And every person that puts themselves out there is working on their self and improving herself in public. So recognizing the privilege here of like, okay, you know, they get famous, they have brand deals, etc. But also, I want to recognize the other side of that too of like just because she has money doesn't mean that she isn't struggling mentally, you know, and um just yeah, I I definitely feel for her. So, one thing that the truth that nobody's saying out loud is like going viral will amplify whatever mindset that you're already in, right? So, if you're confident and grounded, you'll ride the wave. Just like Miley Cyrus I talked about earlier, you know, like she was already there. She was already confident, you know, but if you're insecure, seeking validation or unsure of your purpose, like I definitely resonate with that a lot. It's going to mess with your head and it messed with my head a lot. I actually like after I went viral, I crashed and burned hard. You guys didn't even catch me on social media for like a couple months because I burned out so bad. And I was trying to be everywhere and everything to everybody. And I lost my sense of self. And here's what I've learned the hard way. Going viral is not the goal. It's sustainability. It's alignment. It's sanity. And it's that consistent effort between videos, right? In between your virality. Who you show up in between your viral videos is what people fall in love with. Yes, a viral video will hit because it's circulating and right place, right time. There's so many reasons why video goes viral, but it's like the people that stick with you in between like your those are your stands. Those are your people, you know, like why are we getting upset that it's less than the viral video? Like those are the people that are sticking with you, you know? So, I'd rather grow slow, even though I did grow fast in the beginning, and still like myself than grow fast and forget who I am. And yeah, like now, I guess how I stay grounded now, is I do a couple things differently. I don't obsess over numbers. I focus on impact. I only post what I'd be proud of, even if it flops. Because if I can sit here at the end of the day and be so proud of what I made and what I created and use my creativity as an art and use my videos as my art form, my my hobby, like when I start looking at social media like a hobby, even though it is a job, it it's it's come with wonderful things. When I look at it as a hobby and when I can look at every single video with immense pride and be proud of myself, that's amazing. And if I and this is why I'm always like, if one person learns something from this, then I've done my job. I have to have that relationship with my creativity. Otherwise, I'll be there for the numbers, right? I get upset with myself when it flops, right? So, I also mute notifications when a video is blowing up. Actually, I just mute them all the time, but like it's due to the fact that when a video blew up, I uh basically lost my mind. But to protect my peace, your peace is important, right? And I create for my future self, not just a current the current state of being that I'm in. And I create for me and I create in the hope that my digital footprint helps somebody in their journey. And when it's all said and done, I don't want to be known for going viral. And I know a lot of people are like that, too. I want to be known for being real, helpful, and with, you know, integrity. And even when nobody's watching. So, if you've ever fantasized about going viral, I hope this episode gave you a bit more of an honest perspective. There's nothing wrong with going viral. And I'm not completely discrediting any benefits that come with that. But if you've gone viral and you're spiraling a bit or anything like that, you're not broken. You're human. Take care of your nervous system. Create from a grounded place or even if your goal is never to go viral. Just think about before you comment on somebody else's page. We don't know. We don't know each other like that. We don't we're not besties. Like we're not in real life. Like I try really hard to be kind to other creators on these apps. And if I disagree with somebody, I just keep scrolling. I just don't want to contribute to any negativity and any headsp space that they're in cuz I don't know what head space they're in. All I can do is speak from my own perspective and know that like my headsp space wasn't great when I was the most viral ever and it's much better now that I have a better relationship with social media. So take care of your nervous system. Create from a grounded place. You don't need to chase moments. You're building a community one video at a time and one interaction at a time. If this resonated with you, share it with a B with a friend who's been there too. Um, and let me know like, have you ever been viral or have you ever seen somebody go viral and lose their sense of self or their self-concept? Like, I want to know. So, until next time, thank you so much for being here, but you know, take the pressure off yourself. If you want to go viral, that's not what it's all about, but be true to who you want to be and the legacy you want to leave, and that should be your guiding force. Well, we're out of juice for today, but thank you so so much for listening.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bossitlive [1 likes]: I’ve been viral twice. I ended up setting the videos to private as they brought the attention of the wrong audience.

You’ve shared really good advice. It’s about making an impact over anything else!

- Low Blood Pressure: Why It Matters And How To Treat It: Kind: captions Language: en hypotension or low blood pressure welcome to talking with docs I'm Dr Bradley and I'm Dr Paul zalzell and I'm Mike Heffernan okay Dr Heffernan has joined us again today he's one of our Cardiology guests people love the information that he provides we're talking about low blood pressure which is quite common and a lot of you are worried about it but it's not as worrisome as high blood pressure which is way more pervasive so we're going to talk exactly what it is and why it matters or maybe why it doesn't matter quite so much so low blood pressure low blood pressure did you see my eyes were always there a little bit um so it's common okay and it's common it's common in young individuals okay um let's go back a step okay so people can have low blood pressure for a variety of reasons some of them are bad sure okay so let's do the bad ones first and then and then we'll get to normal that's a cute low blood right setting of trauma I think that's all good shock we're sitting in an operating room here you guys are familiar or you might deal that off to the anesthesis yeah yeah that's an issue okay so low blood pressure cardiac causes so a fast heartbeat or a terribly slow heartbeat right those can cause low blood pressure there can heart cardiac conditions so previous big heart attack or in the middle of a big heart attack low blood pressure maybe some valve problems with the heart where the valves aren't opening well right and you can't get enough uh you know forward flow low blood pressure there are there's bleeding so there's bleeding or not enough fluid intake or diarrhea nausea vomiting so there's a lot of medical conditions that can cause low blood pressure um a big blood clot in the lungs low blood pressure right and then there's some other neurological conditions uh where the the adrenaline system in the body the autonomic nervous system doesn't work well so those are all a series of kind of bad things that's going through a cardiologist's mind when somebody comes in with low blood pressure what do I need to sort it and those would be sort of a change in blood pressure and in the absence of A congenital issue those would be people who had a normal blood pressure now they've developed a low blood pressure because of one of these issues right and so that's a change in your blood pressure normally you're sitting at 120 over 80 all of a sudden things have dropped off that could be caused by something pathologic leading to that absolutely and would you agree that the three main contributors to your blood pressure would be your blood volume your blood vessel tension as well as your heart rate would you say that there's three Fair categories that all contribute yeah I think I think that's fair okay I think that's fair and there's a thing called stroke volume so how much you know how much blood does your heart push out with that right heartbeat okay um and there's a thing in medicine actually so you know just in medicine it's good two two hardest years for school and a surgeon it's so good yeah grade four yeah very good wait so that again I missed that one two the two hardest years in school for a surgeon grade four great that's terrible two years you know that people nowadays actually don't fail so it's actually not true anymore yeah um so uh Jacobs we didn't talk about Jake hurts right okay so so there's a there's this thing in in medicine in a variety conditions called the J curve so so the curve kind of goes like this yeah so hypertension or hypotension is a pretty a pretty classic one high blood pressure is bad you know you go up that J bad things happen right you go down there's a sweet spot right but if the blood pressure gets too low also bad things start to happen again and same with blood sugars and that sort of thing as well so now low blood pressure that's not from any of those bad things um common in young individuals young women in particular right like late teens early 20s kind of talking right so we're talking about blood pressures that usually sit in the 90s millimeters of mercury 90 over 70 90 over 60. they do well you know so generally do absolutely fine but they run a blood pressure that sits around 90 or maybe 85. but you get a little bit dehydrated um and uh and it doesn't take much to bump it down and when the blood pressure goes down a little bit then not enough blood goes up to the brain and it's easy to get lightheaded then right and and in the worst case scenario you've passed out for a moment or two okay yeah okay so that other than that situation generally walking around with a low blood pressure like that is okay as long as you're asymptomatic so as long as you don't feel dizzy low blood pressure passing out okay or you're a giraffe you'll never get something and you never know so there are some lifestyle things we talk to people about because it's not uncommon for them to to feel symptoms especially in the summertime if it's hot or if they're exercising and they're physically active and they get dehydrated so we talk to those individuals about you know maintaining your hydration often maybe a sports beverage a day or electrolyte containing beverage a day the sports beverage or the salsa in there bump up your blood pressure a little bit okay um we tell these people unlike all the others in the office that you can be liberal with your salt intake right um we don't want them to eat junk right but uh you know chicken noodle soup maybe an Oxo cube in some hot water things like that that bump up uh that will bump up the blood pressure so they're less likely so we just made a video about how bad salt yeah so but we know that for a certain populations it's okay yeah yeah now when they come in after you examine you do a history and you do physical examination typically are they going to even get any investigations like is this someone that requires an echocardiogram or an EKG or anything like that no usually no usually the history and the physical isn't more than enough right okay just keep top gun Maverick playing in the background and then check the pressure again that's like an intense adrenaline movie it is have you seen it I only saw the first half so far first half I was just too busy it's getting too stressed out blood pressure got too high right okay so this is really important so if you do have low blood pressure that is asymptomatic since you're taking your pressure at home but you're worried about it you probably can stop worrying but if you are lightheaded if you are dizzy then you can go see your doctor to talk about whether or not this is something that's more serious which is unlikely but treatable with easy remedies like fluid and salt or if you've been cruising along with the normal blood pressure even a little hypertensive high blood pressure then all of a sudden it goes low don't think oh it's my lucky day my mother which is good now that could be an issue as well right the long term generally it's safe so I think this is a really important take-home message right if you like this video please like it subscribe to our Channel I'm going to go home and check my grade four report card see what you're talking about here uh remember you are in charge of your own health but we'll see you next time thanks Dr heifer my pleasure

  Top Comments:
  1. @WilliamH-tu2pg [3 likes]: I am on a prescribed medication for high blood pressure. I also donate whole blood at a local donation center several times a year. Every time I donate, they would check my bp and it always checked ok. When I would go shopping at Walmart, I would go by their pharmacy and put my arm in their sit-down blood pressure machine. It would always give a high reading. That concerned me, so I started taking OTC pills to help lower my bp. I was taking a bunch of OTC stuff like zinc, magnesium, beet tablets, lots of vitamin D capsules, etc. After several days, I started having spells of feeling lightheaded several times a day. I could feel a spell coming on. It would only last about 10 seconds or so, and the spell would go away. I finally realized that all of that OTC stuff combined with my prescribed bp medication was causing me to have low bp. I stopped taking the OTC supplements. After two or three days, my lightheaded spells became fewer and fewer. After a couple of weeks, after the supplements got out of my system, my lightheaded spells completely stopped. (I stopped using that bp machine at Walmart.) 😊
  2. @BxelTuts [1 likes]: I am sitting at around 90/60 during the day and 80/50 at night and I had palpitations a lot and get dizzy and feel like passing out when standing up too fast (I am 15)
  3. @lyleburns8532 [1 likes]: My entire adult life, I drink over a gallon of water and eat, lots of fruits and veggies. Mid-morning quite often felt very tired. BP was around 90/60. Then started adding more salt to all meals and took care of the issue.
  4. @JC-yc8wg: I found this video, because my blood pressure was 80 over 59 this morning. I'm 64 years old. I'm not faint or dizzy ,but do I ever feel groggy. At what point should I be worried,? What blood pressure is too low.?
  5. @darlenechaney6989: Love you guys but you talk too dang fast !!
  6. @calitexi: I’m 51 years old and I’ve had low blood pressure for years. It’s usually 87 over 45. I’m also very active and eat very healthy diet. I don’t have any issues with dizziness or light headed
  7. @GODisLOVE11-11: My Daughter is 10. And getting faint 74/53
  8. @jackiekennedy5670: Please get serious. I would never want one of you to be my doctors you play around too damn much.
  9. @deathsonas: funny enough, i felt healthier when i was eating mcdonalds everyday. at least i wasnt passing out constantly. i was trying to restrict sugar and fast food but atp i dont think I can. im gonna go back to eating freely
  10. @deathsonas: this year my bp has been low, first time i passed out my parents called the paramedics and said my bp was low. its so terrifying when it happens. i am anemic so im assuming thats why this happens to me. my skin gets super pale and others notice, my body temperature fluctuates, my stomach starts cramping, i get nauseous and feel like puking, lightheaded and dizzy, lose feeling in my body. i am currently on my period and dealing with a lot of stress, sleep deprived, so it has been horrible the past few days. ive been drinking the 591ml of gatorade a day, and hardly been eating. very short of breathe, pressure on head. difficult to sleep. whenever i do feel very dizzy i lay down and lift my legs up on a wall. i do this on my bed so its more comfortable. im gonna try to treat my anemia since this is the worst symptoms ive ever felt. i used to only feel tired all the time but its getting scary now. the first time this happened i genuinely thought i was dying. i was on the floor twitching apparently when my parents found me. im worried someday i will be out in public and ill have this episode, or what if im driving?? i have ocd so its hard not to worry
  11. @fabiocamacho4326: Yeah, I grew up thinking that it was normal for people to nearly pass out every time they got up too fast, or that random vertigo/dizzy spells would just happen. After all both my mom and grandmom would go through the same thing then laugh it off. It wasn't until I was in my teens, doing sports that I finally got diagnosed with low blood pressure; coincidentally, so did my mom and grandmom. Ironically , the nurses who would check me in told me it was a good thing and the only downside was random drowsiness. 

The result.
As a teen: really, realyyyy bad dizzy spell when doing sports and thinking I was weak for not powering through all the dots in the sky. I did crew and fell of the boat a couple of times. The Potomac isn't know as the safest river to swim in. (A coach fell in once and never came back out)

As an adult: Hot vinyasa yoga = me on the ground struggling to stay conscious (I think the instructor quit doing those sessions after I scared her half to death 😂).

Doctors out there (edit:not you guys in specific): I know it's counterintuitive but please, can you not pass this off as nothing life changing. I'm already going against the grain here. As a person growing up with low blood pressure and AuDHD, tuning out "health" advice from neurotypical society has proven extra challenging and potentially life threatening. Being active is no small feet without some serious, well thought out, prep work. (Or is that just the ADHD talking?)

From reading some of the comments here, I might not be alone it seems.

Sorry just needed to vent.
  12. @danereedhi: I had a pace maker and a triple bypass surgery done and my blood pressure is 103 over 56 pulse rate is 70
  13. @mironieuwenhuis9341: Im 25, I’ve been fainting alot, tired very often and there is pressure on my chest. Only heard about my low blood pressure yesterday, i hope the water and salts will help enough to function properly again.
  14. @prem7694: I have low bp of 101/61..sometimes i feel dizzy
  15. @sapiasultankuraat2130: I am 38 have 5 children’s some people said cost off law blood is having so much kids.any advice as vitamins to take as single mom is hard every-time i past out  my kids crying i told the big sister its un hours just leave in the restroom so your sister dont see me. Because i feel dizzy same-time nouse also feel want to go use restroom  a soon as i sitting down thats where i start fail on the floor. I dont go hospital because when i was there after my boss send me the doctor told me when i fail this happen stay somewhere and sit down so u dont fail down. But sometime os happen when i am driving even one time i stop in road try to handle until i park some place let be because i will be past out for at-lest 50 mi utes or un hours.
  16. @sapiasultankuraat2130: like two times I fell down at my work hurting like a hell I thought I was about to die. I stuck in the restroom for an hour when I went out my boss fired  me he think I was playing inside restroom and when I explained to him he doesn’t want to hear my explanation and in my another job I fell there, but my coworker followed me at the restroom found me. and they send. me in a hospital emergency hospital and I want.
  17. @OdinChupantu: My 31 and mine stays around 80-85/50. Had an incident Monday and almost passed out and felt like my heart wanted to stop. On a monitor now
  18. @CLASSICS200: when you get the symptoms, go get a sandwich and put some salt on it, or grab a slice of pizza and add some salt to bring your blood pressure up to normal 😂
  19. @MonaGons-h2y: Wow, very good video and most encouraging.  I notice only just recently, the past few wks, when woke up suddenly & had to go to wee, then the shock of that started causing me to get low bld pressure.  also, if I sleep on 'wrong side' or on LEFT SIDE, FOR SOMETIME and fall asleep.  Then when wake up, I flip to right side sleeping, & suddenly my bld pressure gets so low, my heart starts beattg slowly, so I assume this is due to posture sleepging on one side1  Your video encouraged me.  what do u think about this posture sleeping I mentioned, problem that has been happening.  Lisa
  20. @anabellik: They kind of make fun of low blood pressure, but it actually sucks. I have low blood pressure all the time (80/50 and I just had my 40th birthday) and I feel tired, lifeless and sleepy all the time. I have hEDS which is likely the case, but I wish someone just gave me a magic "energy" pill so I could lead a normal life for a change. Not to mention, low blood pressure makes you more prone to depression and anxiety. Physical activity kind of helps, but it's easy to get dizzy and even more tired if I'm not careful. Coffee every once in a while doesn't hurt either.

- From celebrities to influencers: A brief history of celebrity | BBC Ideas: Kind: captions Language: en It's much easier now to gain fame. But it's harder to last. You know, I want to be famous like the Kardashians who are famous for just being famous. Fame, in its earliest forms, is some sense that human beings need something beyond themselves. So they almost invented gods as a way of explaining what happened next. And, if there are gods, there's going to be contact with gods. Some people are going to be closer to them than others. The word celebrity itself in the 1400s still meant the celebration of the sacred. The period where the nature of fame changed from people attributing god-like qualities to it was when Charles I was executed. Something big had changed. And part of that is the sense of self-making that becomes prominent at this period. The idea that you don't have to be rich, you do not have to be an aristocrat to be a person of fame. We begin to enter into a situation where the people become celebrities. He represents the cult of personality that we now know today. Oscar really was a nascent celebrity. His philosophy of life was that the point of life is self-realisation, just as the point of art is self-expression. You have to bring out what it is inside you. The famous people in the 1880s were politicians, scientists, doctors, writers. By 1920, it was singers, sportsmen, actors. And the reason for that is the invention of film, which gives you the illusion of being in touch with somebody and close to them and forming bonds with them, without ever meeting them. Warhol was at the time, in the 60s, creating this real buzz around him, and creating this iconic figure that people flocked to. And he certainly influenced the people and the scene around New York City. And you could think about that today with people who really influence the social scene today - whether it might be somebody like Kim Kardashian, and the followers that she has, who want to look like her physically. There's a draw to wanting to be that figure, wanting to be that famous. Think about Warhol right now in this era that we live in with everybody taking selfies and these images of themselves, and thinking back to Warhol when he filmed himself eating a hamburger. I mean, he was one of the pioneers of turning the camera on oneself. Think about Andy Warhol now with an iPhone. That would be the best Instagram account to follow, right? Why so many people are attracted to celebrities is that we live in an age of profound anxiety. Part of that is wanting acceptance and approval in life. You want to be accepted by people, and you want to be approved by people. Who are the people that have paid most to be accepted and approved? Celebrities. Some people document their life, which means that they don't lie - they just have a camera rolling. And some people create their life, so they actually stage a picture. They actually stage an outfit. I think that this will be the difference between a good influencer and a bad influencer. You have to be real, because people will feel that whatever you're telling them to do, if it's not real and if it doesn't come from your heart and whatever you believe in, they know. I strongly believe that the more you go into the pieces of you that most people would hide, the better of an influencer you are going to be. The more you're sharing things that people are like, "What? I'm that way too." That's when people get excited. That's when they want to follow you. And it could just be that this smaller kind of fame - this idea of finding your niche or your tribe - people may come more and more to value smaller, individual acts of kindness and of love, and become celebrated for them.

  Top Comments:
  1. @caitlinfriars403 [35 likes]: This deserves a much longer video! This is such an interesting topic w so much to explore
  2. @smokenojoke8182 [10 likes]: Im trying to understand how throwing a ball in a basket or being good at entertaining someone is more important and admirable than a soldier or a doctor. I know it wasn’t always like this but at some point we got it wrong.
  3. @NoNina960 [10 likes]: Please do a longer version of this.
  4. @soniaperez4526 [10 likes]: when I think of celebrities, I think of false idols. Do they born accidentally, or there was once a person that look for it? I also think that people search for a leader when they follow a famous person.
  5. @floridaman_85_58 [8 likes]: Celebrity has always been there its just that the bar has really dropped astronomically low
  6. @tronicbasez1814 [6 likes]: Somewhere along the way we fucked up.
  7. @blackgemini7 [5 likes]: Y’all obsession with celebrity culture is seriously... Mind control at its best lmao
  8. @stephanielividad.9281 [4 likes]: From Elvis to....the Kardashians. Wrong turn!
  9. @chitracs30 [3 likes]: self realisation followed my self expression is magic 😊💫
  10. @kialautnerlovelautne [2 likes]: just came here for my man oscar wilde
  11. @vijayshakun [2 likes]: Show about ancient gods before Christ
  12. @AbolishCelebrity: Often at comic cons people pay for autographs and photos which puts celebrities on pedestal especially actors! I think as someone from the perspective of a socialist, I think the feeling of being starstruck is something I think especially if you are working class is something to overcome to instead become you own act of creation, your own life as art instead of the spectacle of celebrity. Often is forgotten you can be artist without being famous. I remember going to music festival in Prague watching some highly original bands and it was the antithesis of Glastonbury in that as soon as the bands finished, they just claimed off the stage, got drinks from the bar and just had fun and then interacted with audience in healthy way. Think of being starstruck over celeberties as nonsense on stilts! 

Example of how celebrities can be out of touch is Alice Eve back in 2015 interview for Hello Fashion Magazine that "cosmetic surgery is a human choice" when it is a fact that expensive cosmetic surgery is not a choice for working class whom it will be unaffordable. Alice Eve saying "cosmetic surgery is a human choice" back in 2015 only makes anyone working class suffering body dimorphism disorder feel anxious and self conscious about not being able to afford cosmetic surgery when celeberties such as Alice Eve whom possess both class privilege wrapped with beauty privilege can afford cosmetic surgery at drop of a hat!
  13. @KetumileMahule: Fame does really come a long way.
  14. @bholdr----0: I love Daniel Bornstien's definition of 'celibrity'-

'A celebrity is a person who is famous for being famous'- I think Duncun Donuts (decent,  but not special)l, imho) coffee fits that definition, eh?
  15. @OnlyScienceRules: Another very serious issue is that in previous centuries and backwards in time, one needed to have genuine and tremendous talent and to prove himself or herself to humanity and he or she could contribute to society, to humanity, to civilisation by achieving great feats that would benefit everyone. Classical musicians are an example. Scientists are another examples. Marie Curie, Alexander Flemming, Nicola Tesla, Richard Dawkins, Richard Feynman, Miles Dyson, Isaac Asimov, Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Gelilei, Isaac Newton and so on. Renaissance artists such as the great Da Binci, Raphaello and the others are another example. Great timeless intellectuals are yet another. From Aristo, to Epicurus, to Thales and Anaximander, to Bertrand Russel and so on. You get the picture. 

Today, I think people are having a crisis in intellectualism and science because so many people around the world have turned away from these, and away from reason, rationality, objectivism, critical thinking, self critique, skepticism, free & independent enquiry, creativity, talent, hardwork, consciously made decisions and effort. 

When one makes a simple examination of today’s so called “celebrities”, open will observe that they have either very little or none of all the above qualities. So make no mistake here, because celebrity worship is literally a cult and a religion at once. And the mindset and mentality are exactly that, cultish and religious mindset & mentality. 

In order for humanity to prosper and thrive intellectually and increase life quality, it must outgrow that exact above mentioned mentality and mindset. We need a mass cognitive self realisation of our own primitivity, tribalism, religiousity, cultishness, feudalism and voluntary & stupidity and ignorance.  

Popularity and fame don’t equal or qualify as quality. It’s most often to the contrary and I think it’s never been more self evident. Stop treating mere fellow human apes as if they were a pantheon of all perfect superhuman beings. And stop watching and listening to stupid programs and such people. 

And screw BBC.
  16. @MuhommadAyebazibwe: How are you doing today my dear
  17. @munkuushy: yo mama
  18. @priyankthakur1445: Madely is way more beautiful than anyone I have seen as an influential over insta.

- Influencers Are BORING With No Personality: Kind: captions Language: en get ready with me to do absolutely nothing at least that's what so many influencers do and millions of people still tune in I mean think about it influencers build entire careers off of Performing the most mundane tasks but in aesthetically pleasing ways activities that should not by any reasonable metric command millions of followers or lucrative brand deals mind numbingly dull activities like unboxing packages what remarkable Talent it takes to do that drinking machas what remarkable Talent it takes to do that applying skin care waking up taking a shower I mean I'm overwhelmed by the level of creativity and Ingenuity it takes to be that mundane the mere mediocrity of Simply existing in an aesthetic apartment and being beautiful are the only requirements to success and when you say it out loud you really realize how ridiculous it is that so many people are able to make hundreds of thousands of dollars and in some cases millions of dollars off of giving us absolutely nothing no originality no intellect no personality just plain boring let's discuss how being Bland and beautiful became marketable in the age of the [Music] influencer influencers have been doing the same thing for well over a decade now get ready with me videos hauls unboxings and they've literally brought nothing new to the table now there's a clear blueprint on what you have to do and what you have to say to be successful and it's all so formulaic the novelty has worn off in the 19th century department stores hired women to stand and store Windows to perform as live Human mannequins dressed in luxury fashion and they existed only to be admired and to get people to purchase the clothes that they were wearing and today influencers perform the exact same function but instead of standing in a store they live on our phones selling us the same fantasy of effortless luxury the sheer volume of influencer content gives us the impression that we're watching something different each time but in reality we're watching the same tired commodified Aesthetics on a loop as sociologist John bad warned in his book simulacra and simulation quote we live in a world where there is more and more information and less and less meaning and that book of course was written decades ago I believe in 1981 and it's 2025 and it's only gotten worse instead of thinking critically about why we engage with this content we get trapped in a feedback loop of passive consumption and just like that capitalism wins again the lifestyle influencer industry it's about maintaining an infinite cycle of aesthetic consumption how many times can we watch someone unbox PR packages how many times can we watch Ice Macha lattes and luxury hauls before people realize that they're they're watching the same thing repackaged in different lighting and a different luxury corporate apartment with the same floor to ceiling windows but that's the point right to keep people watching and scrolling and consuming without reflection the system sustains itself because low effort content is rewarded an intellectually rigorous content content that challenges the narratives that are popular content that actually promotes something deeper something subversive something interesting something out of the box that kind of content is often met with hostility if not outright suppressed or shadowbanned disclaimer I don't believe that you have to do backbreaking work and work yourself into an early grave to make money but when those who do the most work the working class working two to three jobs to survive or hell if you're even just working one really intensive job to survive those laboring in fields gig workers Amazon workers all the service workers of the world all of the people who do work that's essential to our Collective well-being and remain overworked and underpaid it's hard to accept the fact that those people have to live with very little and have a very limited access to resources while influencers who do the least who have no personality no intellect all the things are lauded and rewarded for being utterly unremarkable and earning money is one thing but the impact that they have over people the influence that they have over people contributing to a more docile politically disarmed and willfully ignorant Society that's almost worse and you know let's just get this out of the way early because inevitably someone's going to argue if you don't like them then you should just unfollow them block them and go about your business and while I totally agree with protecting your peace I do believe you should curate your algorithms I don't believe that you should be following any of these influencers obviously I agree there blocking them can help me of course but what does that do for all of the other people who are still watching them it's my job and everyone else's job with a fully functioning brain to not just block but to do everything that you can to educate the public to De influence the public who might not know better yet I'm in my 30s at this point I'm not easily swayed by this I know better than to interact with content like this but young women and girls whose prefrontal cortexes are not even fully developed yet they don't really know any better this is the content that's being disseminated to them that this is what you're supposed to like you're a girl you're a woman this is what you're supposed to like and a lot of people even full grown adults they don't have the level of critical thinking to grasp the psychological manipulation and the propaganda that they're taking in a lot of people simply do not have the ability to deconstruct and analyze and critically think about the media that they're being served instead they just wonder why they hate their faces and they hate their bodies and they never feel like they're good enough they hate their lives without realizing that it's the media that they're consuming that's making them feel insecure in the first place you know in my freshman year of high school even though I didn't have the language to articulate it it I was already subversive anti like corporate greed to articulate what I didn't like about it I just knew that what was being communicated was insincere and lacking in depth we didn't have social media in the way that it exists now we did have like Myspace and Facebook but we certainly didn't have devices that we carry in the palm of our hands but our dominant forms of media were still very much television and film so me personally I individually didn't watch like MTV V or VH1 or any of those like pop culture networks at the time but I would go to school and the girls at the lunch table they would just go on and on babbling about did you see what so and so wore on the red carpet I was completely ostracized and completely lost in the sauce cuz I didn't know anything about it and so my individual blocking out all of those things did not prevent its cultural impact on the masses because a lot of the media is even back then highly sophisticated and it's only gotten more sophis at my individual abstinence from consuming this media did nothing to reduce its cultural impact on the masses of people in my age group it did nothing to curtail celebrities who were backed by powerful corporations who were pushing them out and so similarly with influencers individually blocking them is not enough you can do both we can block them we can unfollow we can say do not recommend not interested and I don't even think those things work I think when I say not interested they service me that thing even more like is it just me I feel like that's happening but it does not reduce their cultural impact you know what does reduce their cultural impact when you talk about it when you call it out when you deconstruct when you contextualize when you engage with the media critically because influencers are backed by the same very powerful corporate interests who are dead set on having these people disseminated to the public and normaliz in the public in order to encourage constant consumption and if you block one guess what influencers are like bugs when you get rid of one 10 other ones that look just like them appear there's currently discourse that's happening across social media namely Tik Tok about how New York City influencers in particular are boring and monolithic which was sparked by a Tik tocker named Martini fi all right guys I'm just going to say it I hate all of the New York influencers I think that they're boring as and they're all carbon copies of one another they all wear the same exact bracelet they all have the same exact hand chain that someone else in Ence them to get yeah um they all look like they shop on revolve they're all just like basic ass skinny but but their skinny and pretty so stuff looks cute on them but boring no hate they just bore the out of me not even the New York ones just like all like these girls they all get panic attacks they all shop on revolve they all like yeah boring let me know if anyone agrees New York City influencers are boring and not just New York City and just like any of the top influencers are boring and it's because they have literally no sense of self outside of consumerism and selling you guys and they give a about one thing it's not building Community with you it's not inspiring young women it's selling you a shirt babe the top fashion creators on this app don't have a lick of style not not a lick nothing there's no Talent there I don't give a I'll say it they're just good at buying and it's not even like they're buying good sh and you should trust their recommendations because their clothes are all polyester made by slave labor and last one wear and that's what they like cuz they aren't going to wear it more than once anyway a life that can be emulated through purchasing things should not inspire you the people you follow should not be people in which you want to be they should be people that inspire you to be more yourself these top influencers will never open their mouths up about politics they're literally going to be posting their day in the lives getting matcha Until the End days in America we're at the end they don't give up we have too much going on there's too much to worry about than me watching you unbox your hundred boxes of PR that you got for free or me watching these influencers just go from influencer trip to influencer trip drinking all day while I am out here working a full-time job posting on Tik Tok in my free time that's what it is it's like the unrelatable that I just I just can't stand I can't stand to sit here and scroll and scroll and scroll on want to influence her just because their life looks so fabulous it's like I literally don't care and within this discourse a Tik tocker who refers to herself as Internet anthropology brought up the fact that Talent managers like shanana Davis Ross known as a quote unquote Dr Frankenstein of influencers who was profiled in the Wall Street Journal explicitly manufacturers influencers using a repeatable Playbook to maximize their brand appeal she transforms everyday young women into algorithm friendly influencers who all fit the same mold she identifies what's profitable which is often luxury thinness conventional Beauty and of course marketability and replicates it these are my words not hers influencers are interchangeable if one ages out another one takes their place this is a conveyor belt it's not about individual Talent OR Merit and so she talks about in the article how her clients are trained and molded their strategically placed at events that will help them climb up the influencer ranks and the Wall Street Journal article also references what's known as the quote West Village girl whose life consists of quote facials at the glow bar sidewalk strolls with a Gucci bag and iced tea in hand and of course plenty of # ootds or outfits of the day featuring Brands like Reformation Chanel and Mumu she's probably dating someone in finance she has a standing reservation at American Bar and it goes on to say this of Davis Ross who's being profiled with her long shiny blonde hair and style that can be described as quiet luxury Davis Ross could pass for a West Village influencer herself and this is basically code for saying the West Village girl is white thin and blonde an archetype that's all too familiar with these dull unremarkable influencers who are pushed to the top of the influencer hierarchy the West Village archetype embodies intersectional privilege while creators of color particularly black creators face compounded disadvantages like lower pay suppressed visibility and fewer brand opportunities in 2022 a study conducted by MSL in the influencer league revealed that black influencers earn on average 35% less than their white counterparts despite having comparable or larger followings and so this pay Gap is direct evidence that speaks to the structural inequities the structural preference for whiteness for thinness for the Aesthetics of wealth for affluence within the influencer economy and it really reinforces a truth that's unspoken but also undeniable all of those things whiteness affluence thinness matter way more than originality or Talent OR intellect at least when you're an influencer the influencer factory by Professor Grant Balmer and historian kathern Guinness discusses this very concept of how influencers are fungible interchangeable products just like mass-produced consumer goods in the book they say influencers today are best understood as not creative laborers but as cap capitalists whose Public Image is inextricably linked with a range of partially obscured corporate Ventures now they're speaking specifically of course to influencers who have larger platforms obviously I understand that not all influencers are particularly rich or wealthy a lot of influencers are pretending to be wealthy but I think regardless of whether they're actually rich or not the Aesthetics that they promote serve to reify serve to uphold classism which is inextricably linked to racis M and white supremacy Etc in the book the authors examine influencer culture through a number of Frameworks including what they call the Corpus scine which is how they describe that influencers are quote corporations in human form all of this is a symptom of how capitalism has conditioned us to Aspire to wealth and Beauty above all else when you spend such a significant portion of your life being treated as the most beautiful woman being offered all of these brand trips and lavish gifts you start to learn that developing an interesting or like able personality is optional when your looks do all of the heavy lifting it's like how the high school class clown is usually not the best looking person and they learn to use their humor as a way to get people to like them they were forced to develop an actual personality because they couldn't just rely on their looks but influencers who appear to be rich beautiful they reinforce the idea that Aesthetics that beauty is a key marker to success even if they contribute nothing of real value to the world the rare times that influencers actually show vulnerability and actually open up they even use their vulnerability as a reason to sell products I'm not going to name who the influencer was but years ago there was a particular influencer that I used to watch and she made a very harrowing video detailing her Ed and had me on the verge of tears only for her to promote better help Midway through the video it was a palpable record scratch moment where I immediately thought to myself was this entire story even real or was it just an opportunity to promote help feel like some things are sacred when even your trauma is something to be monetized we've got some problems at this point I've heard countless people say on Tik Tok that when they see the shop button embedded onto a Tik Tok which is where you can integrate products from the Tik Tok shop onto your actual video people have been voicing in droves that when they see that button linked to a product in the Tik Tok shop they immediately scroll past it I am not staying and watching your video if I see the Tik Tock shop icon in the bottom left corner I am not watching you lost me you lost me congratulations because people are tired of being sold to constantly and I've said it before selling products is not inherently bad I think when it's done in moderation and when creators are mindful about what they're promoting it's totally fine but too often we're inundated with content that is completely superficial that serves no value Beyond pushing endless consumption and so shallow influencers flourish while creators who actually offer something substantive something thought-provoking they often struggle to gain traction and all of it makes perfect sense because capitalism thrives on passive consumers not engage critical individuals influencers who sell aesthetic Lifestyles rather than unique profound philosophical ideas are more profitable because they encourage endless consumption without questioning the system those who challenge societal Norms those who critique corporations those who discuss systemic oppression are inherently disruptive to capitalist interests and Instagram has even rolled out features to suppress political content in the algorithm they made it clear what kind of content they prioritize content that's safe and apolitical and commercially viable these influencers amass wealth from simply just being aesthetically pleasing and unoriginal of course these influencers can't be entirely boring if they're entertaining millions of people but again I think what people are trying to portray is that the content is unoriginal and therefore it's boring to the viewer the same superficial tasks over and over and over again but yet still they're commanding these large audiences who keep watching them millions of followers who keep watching them which is why I think that we need to flip the question Beyond just saying that their content is boring I think we need to flip the question to the audience who's watching we need to ask them why do you continue to watch influencers who do the same thing who look the same who wear the same things and have the same doll personalities boring ing influencers having huge platforms is a referendum on Western culture and what we value yes some of their audience members might be teens or even children or young 20-some who don't know any better but there are also some grown people in there who are watching and they should know better but they don't and I think that this speaks to a larger ideology or lack thereof in American culture and in Western culture as a whole the fear of thinking I have been reflecting on this a lot why are we so afraid to think in the mainstream music industry too male rappers all of them rap about the same thing women wealth and debauchery of course there are some exceptions but I'm talking about the ones that are propelled to the top often times that's what they're talking about many female artists are also carbon copies of one another thin hypersexualized and materialistic record labels that pull their strings don't allow them to talk about anything that isn't profitable about anything that actually matters big movie studios don't often green light movies that push subversive narratives that greatly challenge what's acceptable in the Overton window at the time and so I think that it's all by Design I think that the aversion to critical thinking it's a symptom of late-stage capitalism for a lot of people I feel that engaging with systemic issues feels like a burden it feels like too much to have to actually think it's much easier to focus on individual happiness or escapism than to actually think of the realities of the world that are not so comfortable or happy or Jolly or aesthetic in short it's easier to remain dulu watching mindless content watching cartoonishly unrealistic content than it is to face the realities of life and I've said it before that's not to say that we always need to be consuming things that are particularly profound that are particularly deep absolutely not let me tell you I like to binge Bob's Burgers when I need a reprieve from the chaos of the world okay me and the belchers we're like this we're like this okay but many of these influencers train their audiences to never come up for air instead just keep drowning yourself in the Rip Tide of halls and restocks indulgences consumption consumption and more consumption and so the popularity of influencers who don't have depth influencers who push ignorance influencers who push consumption as a catchall solution for all of the problems of Life they're emblematic of how capitalism thrives on maintaining ignorance instead we get lost in the beauty of influencers never reflecting on what they represent the brands that they're paid to sanitize the products that they promote that are often made from slave labor if we keep watching people who lead superficial Lifestyles people with surface level personalities that revolve around shopping and elitism and wealth Aesthetics we remain distracted in the book pedagogy of the oppressed by Brazilian philosopher Paulo frier he States quote the interests of the oppressors lie in changing the consciousness of the oppressor not the situation which oppresses them and this explains precisely why influencer culture flourishes it redirects people away from oppressive structures and instead focuses them on personal individual concerns rather than asking why wages are stagnant and that's making you unhappy or why wealth inequality continues to grow or why misogyny requires women to treat their faces and bodies as projects that always need Improvement influencer culture encourages people to believe that their problems are individual failings feeling unhappy buy a self-care product feeling poor hustle harder manifest wealth or marry a rich man feeling insecure fix yourself with beauty treatments Botox filler plastic surgery feeling fat try OIC or snake oil wellness products the system remains intact and the oppressed are too distracted to challenge it they as in the brands and the influencers who sell you an identity the men who only value you for how you look the system that profits off of all of your insecurities they want you to believe that beauty is the ultimate form of currency and that wealth is personality that the only way to be seen to be valued to matter is to be envied and to be desirable but envy and desirability are weak foundations for life these women the ones you see on social media with their effortless hair and incredulous Smiles they have nothing not really their personalities are built from whatever the algorithm favors that week what do they know what do they love besides products what do they stand for do they ever speak in a way that doesn't exist to be palatable have they ever read something that changed them that shook them awake that made them want to learn to fight or to to question to build something real or have they spent their entire lives existing only to be looked at you are living in a country that is Banning books dismantling education and committed to dumbing down the public a country that fears critical thinking that fears an educated woman that fears anybody who knows too much a country where ignorance is rewarded and intelligence is suppressed and in that kind of country in that kind of world being thoughtful is revolutionary having depth is Defiance reading books is resistance asking hard questions is power being pretty is not the same as being interesting being desired is not the same as being important read learn think love things without asking if they're trending be audacious in a world that rewards safe shallow people be someone who is not boring and that is all I've got for you today folks let me know your thoughts in the comments down below what are your thoughts on how low effort content is pushed and how influencers don't have personalities and the overall culture of ignorance and conspicuous consumption that's pushed in popular culture today I would love to hear from you and if you like this video definitely give it a thumbs up and if you really liked it and you want more content like this hit that subscribe button because I have plenty more content like this and if you want to support my work outside of YouTube you can join my patreon and you can follow me on my social media profiles down here but besides all that thank you all so so much for watching and I will talk to you all next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @OutragedPufferfish [1 likes]: I miss when people did nothing together offline. Like hanging out.
  2. @AcidLovingZillenial [1 likes]: Don't assume that these uninteresting influencers make up the whole of social media when there are SO SOO many people doing and sharing extremely interesting work and creations !

YouTube is a goldmine of incredible content if you look for it. I follow historical channels, scientific, cooking (but good ones lol, not "Mc&cheese recipe" types). I'm very interested in cultures present and past so ATM I'm watching stuff about Lao, Thai and Chinese cuisines, watching medically-accurate nutrition videos and learning lots, I fell down a rabbit hole about prehistoric Middle-Eastern societies and I'm fascinated, I watch good creators talking about religions - whether from an informational pov or based on their experience in fundamentalist Protestantism, the Mormon church, JW etc. I watch channels talking about feminism, economy, arts, culture, politics, gardening...

Like sorry but who cares about these empty influencers. Social media IS full of incredible content if you just look for it !! 

Even my Insta is mostly political accounts, journalists, academics showing their day-to-day work-life (motivating me to finish grad school lol) and artists/creatives and builders sharing their paintings, making comics, building furniture, making clothes etc.🌷

I mean please don't let these empty-headed salespeople ruin social media for you. The Internet is a beautiful space if you find the good corners of it ❤️
  3. @paularocha9091: Adoro quando você cita Paulo Freire 🇧🇷
  4. @martonno: i recently started watching your videos and i love them!! you seem very educated and intelligent, good job!😊
  5. @Petalavender: Influencers are so bland and boring. I like creators, people who entertain me, make me think, make me laugh and just don’t try and sell me stuff. People who use creativity and/or research to create art or share ideas. And I don’t care if creator sell things as they’ve worked hard to entertain me, so I’m happy for them to make some coin.
  6. @katiematthews5608: You're doing great work. I really appreciate your content.
  7. @BeccaDoesStuffYT: Love your content and depth. Thank you for providing videos of value that actually make people think.
  8. @lkofie6670: Good God...before social media exploded as it has today, it's exactly what I thought when I first saw Keeping Up With The Kardashians Season 1 when it first came out and was surprised that it ended up gaining the traction that it did because I found it absolutely mundane and boring like... nothing going on but the daily life as the next person which did not seem worthy of a reality show in my opinion, and by episode 3, I was done... nothing to see for me. So how much more waiting time watching some random person brush their teeth and make coffee in the morning?.... watch them run errands? For what?
  9. @karemblyvilla6994: LOVE THIS. I block every single celebrity idc about them!!!!! And I unfollow people always selling shit lmao… READ THE ROOM PEOPLE ARE STARVING being arrested IDC ABOUT YOUR BORING OUT OF TOUCH LIFE. Lol
  10. @prinsesofpersia: I deleted Tiktok from my phone three years ago...
  11. @banditthekid: "My individual abstinence from consuming this media did nothing to reduce its cultural impact on the masses of people in my age group." THANK YOU!
  12. @erinamores5584: I love your channel and agree with your ideas. But remember the 1% keep us down by pitting us against our neighbors by race, class and fight for basic survival. If everyone stopped shopping and started farming they would have no control over the true majority, the 99%.
  13. @VillaOtokar: love your content girl :)
  14. @kalindastrome2182: If there was a sci-fi movie from like the '90s where americans  spend all their free time watching ads where blonde twenty somethings sell them solutions to their insecurities by pretending to be their friend, distracting them from doing anything about the fascist regime led by a former reality tv star, everyone would have rolled their eyes at it for being way too on the nose
  15. @AmyTaylorMusic: I love you.
  16. @tashinka_: I want more blogs that have educational content: science, history, art history, anything just make it count. Even travel bloggers these days are so lazy - those girls go to Paris to tell the viewers exactly ZERO about Paris - just pretty shopping, coffee shops, that's it. No recs, no favorite artsy places, no favorite parks or places for picnic, nothing except hermes bags. Mundane, boring, unkind to my brains.
  17. @tashinka_: finally somebody said that :D
  18. @cosmicgypsea: Once you realize the lies, you stop subscribing. I curate what I see but Im still bombarded about damn ads!
  19. @Thelittletherapist7: I love how bright your background is🎉
  20. @eternallyblessed8: Some people are just plain STUPID and they are allowing influencers to get rich while they struggle. SMH.

- We tracked what happens after TikTok songs go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is Jake Hi. I’m Jake. In February 2020 he posted his first video to TikTok. Alright, mom, what are you doing today? I’m going to make a beat! I had my mom make a beat that I had already pre-made. And I recorded, I'm like, okay, press these buttons. And we'll make it look like you just made it in two minutes. I need a producer tag Okay, what do you want it to be? Ayo mama on the beat. Within hours the video was racking up millions of views. So, Jake made a few more videos featuring his mom, but with one small tweak. My brother had the idea, he was like, yo, what if we like put a TikTok like in front of the phone and we filmed it... Hey mom. Have you ever heard this song before? The format was simple but clever: Jake would mashup songs on TikTok that were already going viral. [overlapping] Hey mom. It worked. With each post, he was racking up millions more views. But he didn’t stop there. And we were like, we need to put my vocals on the end of it. And if the song goes viral, then like we can drop it ourselves and become an artist. Hood baby part 2, featuring yours truly. Up down right down... We're just going to name myself, JVKE and we're going to go at it. Ayo mommas gonna make this a bop. “Up down right down looking for your love right now.” It just so happens that the first one that I put my vocals on went absolutely bananas viral. Jake’s 15 second snippet of a song was taking over TikTok. Once it was at 1 million videos, Charli D’Amelio used it. That means that this is about to be insane. Like it's not ending at a million. It's starting at a million. At the time, Jake didn’t even have a manager. But he knew he needed one fast. We have these fifteen seconds, we have labels calling us... What do we do? That was actually when I got on the phone with my now manager and he was like “Call me, right now!” He was like, "Hey, can you finish this song in 24 hours?" Clearing the “Hoody Baby” sample ended up taking a few days. By the time we got it out, it was at 5 million videos. It ended up going to 15 million. If you compound all the views of all the 15 million videos, it's like over 9 Billion views. This is just the beginning of Jake’s story. But what makes it so interesting isn't how dramatic it is, but how often stories just like his occurred in 2020. Over the last few months I’ve been working with The Pudding to put experiences like Jake’s into perspective. We dug into the data and stories behind dozens of emerging artists’ TikTok hits. To figure out what internet fame actually means for new music artists. It turns out, this is way more than a story about algorithms or going viral. It’s a story about the longstanding tug-of-war between artists, platforms, and music industry giants. You might be surprised who’s winning. If I were to review this project, I'd probably never do it again. That is Matt Daniels, a journalist at The Pudding where he digs into culture stories through data. In the Fall of 2021, we started a project that turned into what Matt describes as... One of the hardest data projects I've ever worked on. It seemed simple on paper: create a data set of Indie and DIY artist that went viral on TikTok in 2020 and determine if that virality was enough to change the outlook of their career. Because it really was their first major, major exposure to a huge fan base on the internet. But, there were a few big problems right from the start. The biggest was there wasn’t a useful data set of the most popular songs on TikTok from 2020. We banged our head against the wall trying to figure out “how do we reconstruct charts from TikTok?". It turns out, there’s a lot of playlists on Spotify that compile viral TikTok hits. And there’s also this tool called Chartmetric. Which among other things captures historical data of those playlists and tracks what songs have been added and subtracted to them and when. So, we got to work. And pulled all of the songs from as many playlists as we could find that were added between January and December 2020. Then we ranked the songs by their popularity on TikTok, filtering out any that got fewer than 100,000 posts. Which brought us down to about 1500 songs that went viral in 2020. The biggest challenge I would say is once we had our arms wrapped around these 1500 songs making the decision of, is this an established artist that had a TikTok hit or is this the artist's big break? And a big break is a very subjective decision. A lot of the artists in this list were obviously very established. Cardi B going viral on TikTok is not particularly impressive versus somebody who has never released a song before. So we went back to Chartmetric to dig into more data points behind these songs and the artists that made them. Including their Spotify monthly listeners, the number of times they've been playlisted, the number of tracks they've released. Which made it a lot easier to decide: did this artist have a career beforehand? Eventually, after filtering out all of the established artists we narrowed our list to a sample of 125 artists we felt hit all the marks. They all went viral on TikTok in 2020 and as far as we can determine, it was their big break. Can I also say something really quickly... Yeah yeah. It doesn't actually matter how many artists we examined. There's probably thousands of new artists that went viral on TikTok. So what we wanted to do was just wrap our arms around a cohort of artists that are experiencing this phenomenon and, and then say what, what happened to them afterwards? What happened to these artists' after they went viral was eye-opening. And nearly everyone of those stories starts with Spotify. The speed and the intensity with which TikTok sends things viral. It's crazy. That’s Elias Leight: he’s a music journalist and his reporting on TikTok and the music industry is extensive. The virality itself is not necessarily new but TikTok is basically just like a machine gun shooting out viral songs like even more than daily, honestly. The two big differences are how many viral moments it creates and then how directly that virality correlates with streaming increase which is why the labels are so obsessed with it. You can see how that played out in real time by looking at this chart which captures the explosive virality of JVKE’s track “Upside Down” on TikTok. But what it doesn’t show is that while Jake’s track was going viral people were flocking to Spotify to stream it. This is the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline. I remember when we first released the song it was just like a bottle rocket, up to like 500,000 streams a day. I was like, what is happening? I didn’t even know really what that meant at the time. What is meant is that the track was going to get playlisted. In fact within a month of “Upside Down’s” official release it was on 98 editorial playlists: including "New Music Friday" which has almost 4 million followers. It landed on the "Global Viral 50" Spotify Charts. And as a result, JVKE went from zero monthly listeners on August 18th to 3.4 million by October. As I’m editing this piece, he has over 8 million. This pipeline from TikTok to Spotify wasn’t unique to JVKE. It happened to nearly every one of the 125 artists on our list. So, I feel like TikTok is one of the main platforms where people actually leave the app to go and add music to their library. That’s L.Dre - who’s song Steven Universe has been used in more than 10 million video posts. Whenever one of my videos went viral most of the comments were people begging me to release it. That's kind of the culture on TikTok. When they hear something, they really wanna go listen to it. I pretty much went from having just like a few thousand monthly listeners to just a rapid incline for like a year or two straight where it was just steady going up. And what was more exciting to see was that almost all of the artists, including L.Dre had some of their other tracks get editorially playlisted. That's really important because it means that once you're on a playlist that Spotify curates, it's getting a huge audience it's a huge signal that the music you're releasing is going to get streams. To get a better sense of how the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline worked Matt and I analyzed another chart: The Spotify 200. It’s a global chart that shows the top 200 songs on the app every day. These songs are stream kings. So, in a new spreadsheet, we pulled all the artists whose songs made the U.S. Spotify 200 after January 2020 and filtered out all of the artists who had well established careers or had already charted before then. This left us with a new data set to analyze. These 332 emerging artists who landed on the chart for the first time. Out of this group, a quarter of them have TikTok to thank for their big break. This is incredibly eye-opening in terms of TikTok’s influence on the charts. In terms of what is getting listened to in music culture. But let’s backtrack a second. Because it’s not just about racking up millions of streams. It’s about how fast you’re able to do it. And it’s not just about how virality influences It’s about how it influences music business. Spotify basically pays out labels according to their share of the total streams in a given time period. If you get a really big hit that, you know, does a billion streams over six months or something that can add a few points to your market share which then increases your payout of the Spotify pool. It's really like a ruthless competition for this market share number that no listener cares about at all but the record labels watch obsessively. Despite this obsession, look what’s happened over the past 4 years. Major labels have slowly conceded their total Spotify market share to independent and self-released artists. To get back a bigger piece of the pie, labels developed a strategy: Monitor TikTok like a hawk and aggressively try to sign artists that are rising to the top. In a way, TikTok is great for the labels. They basically sit on top of it, watch everything come up and if they get it at the right time they can probably make their money back on pretty much one track. The intensity of these bidding wars around viral songs... It's pretty wild. It's just like a flat-out sprint to grab the next viral thing. Here's a headline I've seen everywhere. And for legal reasons, I made a generic version of it. “Artist with viral TikTok song inks million dollar record deal with major label.” Let's break it down. So you're an artist, you have a song and it’s doing really, really well and all these record labels are hitting you up. They're like, I want to sign you. How can we be a part of this conversation? So then they will entice you with money, which is an advance. So this million dollars, right here? That’s the advance. The more virality you have the more zeros you’ll see. This is Mary Rahmani. She’s a former TikTok music exec who now runs her own label with Republic records called Moon Projects. When I worked at major labels, but under an imprint that was a little more indie I would go in between like 50 to a hundred thousand dollars for an advance. And yeah, the major labels are a double triple that sometimes. The label signs you, they give you a fat advance of about a hundred thousand dollars or something like that, in exchange for full ownership of all of your masters all of your recorded music. So, for that million dollars the label now owns the rights to your viral TikTok song forever and... They would keep around 85% of the royalties that came in. You only got your 15% if you recouped the cost of your advance. By the way, that’s Ari Herstand. I'm the author of "How To Make it in the New Music Business" and I'm an independent musician. So right after you ink your million dollar deal you see a nice $50,000 check from Spotify because your song is still riding that viral wave. $42,500 of that check would go to the label, only $7,500 would go to you… but it wouldn’t stay with you for long because you have to use that check to start paying back your million dollar advance. In essence, an advance is a loan. And if you’re only making 15% of the revenue generated by your song it might take a very long time to pay it back. So you just have to hope you’re very smart about the way you use your advance or you're extremely successful and your album generates millions and millions of dollars. And then you start earning royalties on the back end. The whole approach is basically like initially you're going to be, you know, 500K, a million, 1.5 million in the hole, and you just have to dig yourself out of it. This is what a standard major label record deal has looked like for decades. But recently, this part of the headline has started changing the equation. If you have a viral hit, and have proven you can build a following all on your own. Congratulations, you have leverage. I mean, if you have a viral hit, probably you’re getting a lot of offers simultaneously because labels scrutinize TikTok so closely and they want to be part of these viral things so badly Because of that... There's been a bigger shift in the last couple of years than there has been in the last 50 years in the types of deals that labels are starting to offer the artists in the artists favor. Where the label comes to the artist and says, I know, historically we would take 85%, but we're not going to do that for you because you're so valuable. And you've obviously proven that you can create a career all on your own. So, how about 50/50 we're partners now? And you know, we're not going to own your stuff. We're just going to do a licensing deal. Meaning give us the rights to your record for the next 12 to 15 years. You can still do whatever you want with it, we'll do whatever we can to make more money on this. And we'll split it 50/50. That has never really happened before with self-released DIY independent artists. So, how many record deals are actually happening? Matt and I decided to tackle this question from two angles. First by compiling a list of around 367 emerging artists who landed their first major label deal after January 2020. And then from there, we went row by row, artist by artist, trying to determine, did this person have a viral moment on TikTok? And if so, was that cited as one of the reasons for them getting signed? It turns out, roughly a third of these deals happened because an artist's song went viral on TikTok. And when Matt and I went back and looked at our original group of 125 artists, we figured out that 46% of them went from unsigned to landing a major record label deal. Because when these artists do have leverage, signing to a major has its benefits. For one, they have direct relationships with streaming services like Spotify which helps them get more placements on editorial playlists. They are also massive international conglomerates, so they will tell you that they can push you in Sweden and France and Germany and Japan at the same time as they push you in America. At the end of the day, the biggest difference is that they're massive banks and they can write huge checks. But TikTok, has increased the chances for DIY artists to go viral one day and wake up the next morning with a million streams on Spotify without spending millions of dollars to record an album, and needing a global team to promote it. This is honestly the subject of a lot of debate right now. If you're able to build a lot of leverage on your own, like how much benefit does a big label offer you and what should you give up? When I looked at the data, I wasn’t that surprised to all of these of these artists signing deals with major labels. What I found more compelling was the group who were likely offered deals and decided to continue on their own, at least for now. It's like, I can promote my music. I don't have to rely on you to make stuff happen for me. The leverage is kind of slowly being put back into the hands of the artists and it’s a beautiful thing to see. When I was browsing our list of 125 viral artists one name happened to grab my attention: Edith Whiskers. It turns out that name is a pseudonym for the prolific singer songwriter Tom Rosenthal. I write fairly boring singer songwriting music that has gone a bit viral on TikTok. Tom’s first viral song was his cover of “Home” by Edward Sharp and the Magnetic Zeroes. It’s been used in 1.6 million TikTok videos. So after the initial TikTok waves hit me, I thought, okay, I'm going to release it, but then it suddenly dawned on me that if I released it via my own name, I thought this cover will be on the top of my lists forever. I couldn’t bear the idea of writing all these original songs and then having one cover just sitting there at the top. So he did the only sensible thing. I came up with four names, put all those names on Twitter, did a Twitter poll and Edith Whiskers was the favorite. So he released the track on Spotify under the name Edith Whiskers And it shot straight up to the Spotify Viral 50. Basically, If you can name a record label they reached out. The thing is, Tom is staunchly independent. And has some pretty strong feelings about major labels. I'm their worst nightmare, really, because I'm older than, you know, 19. When record labels said to me “Oh, come and sign with us because you know, these things can drop off and we help it grow and flourish in its own special way.” Well, I go, “Hang on, I've literally got the data from the first one over a year now, showing that it basically does roughly the same thing every single day of his life.” I just basically said, this is around the kind of money that it would take to get me interested, because I know this is the money that I will make from these songs. That knowledge is really important, especially if you're independent. In 2021, just a few months after going viral, Tom started his own record label. I thought, let's try it. Let's try and create a fair system. Let’s actually have a completely big rethink about how I approach it compared to traditional record labels. The first thing he nixed was the long tradition of advance and recoupment. Obviously not go crazy and invest lots of money, but actually invest, you know, one or 2000 pounds or dollars in someone and say, look, let's make a few songs, but I'm not looking for that money back. So that's the key difference, I think, is you’re just investing in people, rather than it being this odd loan system. I want every artist of mine, on my record label, to understand money. And the only way they do that is by seeing money come in straight away and understanding how that works. It has never been a better time to be a DIY artist, but that doesn’t mean it’s easy. I’m at the whims of these almighty algorithms at all times. Like they pretty much decide, you know, whether I'm gonna eat dinner or whatever. A few years ago I started following L.Dre on Instagram way before TikTok was even on my radar and it seemed like he always had content at the ready. I just need to make that I’m posting stuff, pretty consistently on any platform I can. The fact of the matter is, if you wanna make it today, you either have to have money to hire people, or you just need to also become a video editor. Also become a graphic designer. You definitely have to wear a lot of hats for sure. Pretty much everyone I talked to said, if you want exposure, you have to be on TikTok, and not only that, you have post post post. We recommended posting three to five times a week and now it's three to five times a day, Because theres people out there who are willing to put in the extra work, and you’re competing with them now. Even if you’re an influencer full time, it’s a lot of work. But it's just because there's so much content coming in and music is one vertical of many. If you’re looking to break as a new artist, that is kind of the requirement. The more you post, the more you'll get discovered. Out of all of the big existential questions this project hit me with, the one that I can’t stop thinking about is this: Is music just content now? Are musicians just content creators? I don't know what the actual meaning of this was but like the video killed the radio star thing. There's more to the equation than just your voice on radio. And I think that's kind of what you're getting at here is that there's just so much around your ability to create content. On one hand, if you're signed to a label, they can help you with that. But on the other hand, you're signed to a label because you're good at that already. Matt and I spent months poking at prodding at the digital footprint of these 125 artists. Examining whether or not they would be deemed successful based on how quickly their TikTok and Instagram followers increased, or whether they gained youtube subscribers, and spotify monthly listeners. But one metric that’s just as valuable is touring. People love you on TikTok. That's great. Will they pay for a show? You know, can you start selling merch? Like, is there a deeper attachment here? First we looked at, of these artists, how many were touring beforehand? Unsurprisingly, some of them were. Among the artists who had never toured before or played a show about a third of them have had at least one show and about 15% of them are actually playing festivals now. A decent chunk of these artists have been able to channel their TikTok success into performing live music, which is often the source of financial security for an artist. You want people to come to your shows and you want people to buy your albums and your t-shirts and be invested in what you're doing as an all-rounder. And actually a viral song is obviously great, but it’s about doing something so much stronger than that. In November 2021, a little over a year after Jake went viral with his mom on TikTok, he played his very first live show. "When you perform for the very first time after everyone said you were just a TikToker." That first moment when I was walking onto the stage I was walking kind of slow just to like take in what was actually happening. As I sang the first lyrics to the song and everyone was just screaming back at me. Like I almost was like speechless. That target, we were trying to hit of like let's convert this virality into something real, like we hit that target spot on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [629 likes]: For more from our friends at The Pudding, check them out at:  https://pudding.cool/ They make data fun and accessible, providing longform and interactive  data journalism pieces spanning topics from Ali Wong to Air Jordans.
  2. @KV21YT [2 likes]: This is jake, who was famous before his biggest hit golden hour.
  3. @Limozo [2 likes]: Literally 15 seconds of fame...
  4. @gababiba [1 likes]: They will all be forgotten as fast as they rose to fame
  5. @hwoonDeurim [1 likes]: i've only heard abt jvke since golden hour, never seen his mother OR a tiktok from him
  6. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: This looks terrible and I'm sorry you had to do it... I would never
But I think it would have been so much easier if you'd done it once AI had come out
  7. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: I told y'all TikTok>Reels
  8. @sarahjames927 [1 likes]: Problem is are they going to have staying power as an artist.
  9. @joesmith-es1zy: You can't post three to four times a week and still produce quality, it's simply not possible. Luckily young people today are willing to listen to some truly awful stuff.
  10. @tonipwneroni9846: This is like they took a scientific paper and turned it into a video essay. I live for this.
  11. @minihiphopmuseum9668: 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @AudreyMalia: Moore Lisa Smith Helen Johnson Paul
  13. @rbnlmsl: now i start feeling like they hacked into youtube algorithm as well...
like if you  know what i mean??
😂
  14. @paulbali9998: I'm not sure we need more songs, we'll never hear but a sliver of the extant Catalogue.

But AI needs more training data!  maybe it retroactively invents social media to feed its young brain, turns us all into content creators for its kindegarten.
  15. @apushbruh5238: Thanks for this
  16. @biancaayuri1341: that one james blake video
  17. @nyctilia: Thanks a lot! I had been wondering how those things work today and that really gave me a great overview! I saved the video as I’ll likely will be needing this info again :)
  18. @HolloMatlala1: 16:49😂😂😂...
  19. @marcelkamira: who will tell them that tiktok is going to get burned
  20. @SASTSimon: 15:35 in this small clip alone you can see both the names ”cmten” and ”glitch gum” 

I find that pretty funny since those 2 have collabed on a song before

- How to Turn Your Pain Into Viral Content: Kind: captions Language: en I literally got my heart broken and now hundreds of girls have been rooting because of that. Thanks Sophie. You ruined us all. I know that this is going to sound crazy, but humans are meant to cheat. Like we are literally biologically meant to cheat. The advice I'm giving you, the reason why this video is hard for me to make is because it kind of sounds degenerate and wrong. I'm telling you to not maybe be a good husband. I'll put more of the details stories inside of the program. So, if you want to join, if not, you're going to get cheated on. So, I'd join if I was you, bro. How much is your relationship worth? >> I will show you how to be your hottest version of yourself. You know, I did fall in love with him. It took a few Chanel bags. It took a few transfers to my account. And then I was like, you know what? I might actually like this guy. >> Yeah. >> I know that you guys need my help. That's why I'm here. I am here to teach you how to actually become mysterious. Look, if you want to be the literal it girl in 2025, I've literally cracked the code to making every single guy want to marry you. >> If you want to be seen as the hottest girl in the room and you want to be seen like royalty so everyone starts giving you princess treatment, this is what you got to do. And what I'm going to say is literally the most gatekept secret. This works even if you don't have pretty privilege. >> Stop focusing on us. I don't know why all these men are focused on us. sit down and do the work and stop being a little loser. Okay? Your paycheck is like less than $500. Your worth is tied to money. My worth is tied to how I perceive myself. >> Guys, you no longer can be a man, an able-bodied man in 2023 in the Western world and have under six figures. You're making under six figures. Women won't even take you seriously, bro. >> If you are rich enough, you don't have to listen to nobody. When a woman says you're always out, you get to reply, "I'm rich." If you want to go viral, just go through something hard and act like it made you untouchable. That's it. No healing, no empathy, no connection. Just pick your deepest wound. Stare into the camera and talk about how nothing affects you anymore. Hello, fellow warriors. Welcome to the era of the narcissist guru. Cold, detached, and self-obsessed. >> Why is it that everyone is always obsessed with me? >> But branded as high value. The colder you are, the more powerful you seem. and the internet, it eats that up. Today, we're breaking it down. Why this kind of content works so well, especially on young people, what it's actually doing to us, and what we can really do about it. But before we get into the damage, let's talk about why this stuff is so addictive in the first place. Because, let's be honest, videos like these teach you one thing. It's never your fault. It can be your ex, your mom, your childhood, or the entire opposite gender, but never you. It's like most men too. >> But I'm telling you, like I like most girls are like this. >> And just like that, boom, everyone else is the problem. Blame assigned and healing is skipped. >> Men, as we know, are delusional. They're egotistical, selfish, misogynistic, and delusional. >> You see, videos like this are like emotional junk food. Super easy to consume because they don't ask anything from you. No accountability, no self-reflection, no growth. You just scroll, feel validated, and go, "Ah, that's why I am the way I am." And the best part, you don't have to change. You just have to keep repeating the same toxic stuff someone once did to you. And call it self-improvement. But what's even more ironic is that so many people giving relationship advice aren't even in relationships. >> So when people are like, "Oh, MJ, why is she giving relationship advice? She's not in a relationship. I don't want to be in a relationship. I sleep like a baby at night. >> And if they are, they've never been in a healthy one. Taking relationship advice from someone who's never experienced real emotional connection is like getting investment tips from someone who's flat broke. It makes no sense. And yet, we keep listening. Maybe because their loud opinions say exactly what our egos want to hear. All they really teach is how to get the upper hand. >> How can I potentially position myself above her? >> How to manipulate? How to be the bad >> I want to walk you through how to be more of the bad boy. >> How to be selfish and be proud of it. >> And you go and you become selfish. Yeah, exactly. Selfish. Oo, what a scary word. Everybody's scared of the word selfish. But you know what? Being selfish literally saves me. >> As if being selfish is the exact same thing with having healthy boundaries. What they usually forget to mention is how to actually build something real. Maybe because deep down they either don't know how to build a real connection or they know that if they started talking about these topics, their audience would click away in 5 seconds. And look, I've also made content calling out red flags in men, in women, in friendships, in everything. But the context is completely different. First of all, I'm in a real relationship, and in many videos, I talk about how it helped me grow as a person and heal things I didn't even know I was carrying. Secondly, I don't teach manipulation. I don't teach mind games. I actually teach my warriors how to be direct in dating, hold themselves accountable, recognize toxic patterns, and set their boundaries early on because nothing is hotter than straightforward intentions that leave no room for games. And if someone's playing with them, I always tell them to say it straight. Hey, I'm not here for mind games. That's it. That's the energy. The goal isn't to get the upper hand or play them back. You don't need to mirror toxic energy to prove a point. If someone's showing you red flags, just walk away. Because the second you start playing the same games back, you both become toxic. >> If you show red flags to a girl, she will have sex with you faster than if you don't. >> Now, this is the kind of advice I'm talking about. Not only is it immature, it's also just wrong. Maybe that's true in his personal experience. with very specific and very unhealed women. And let's be real, this isn't even legitimate dating advice. This is how to act like a walking red flag so you can maybe get laid. That's it. You're not learning how to build a meaningful connection. >> The only problem becomes what about the long-term relationship? What about the love? What about the um having children in a family? And to that, I will be honest to you, I have no idea. I don't know in terms of having a family, bro. Go find some other guy to go watch. So, you're just learning how to only chase physical intimacy from women by being toxic. And sure, that might get you attention, but only from people who are just as unhealed and immature. So, congrats. Now you're in a situationship full of drama, ego, and zero depth. Probably with someone who also thinks love is a power game. >> What she's really showing is that there was a power imbalance where she thought about him more than he thought about her. So, the first tip to give you is be less emotionally invested in her. Think less about her. >> But hey, if that's your definition of winning, go off, king. Just don't influence young men. And as a woman, I can tell you right now, healthy and mature women don't get turned on by red flags. They see them for what they are, manipulation, emotional unavailability, disrespect, and they leave. But I guess you shouldn't really listen to me. >> Again, remember the the golden rule, never listen to what a woman has to say about any of this. When you commit and show yourself to be a good boy, she will actually treat you worse when it comes down to like her sort of intimacy and attraction. >> Making your woman feel safe by being consistent kills the sex drive. Yeah, absolutely no. And I can say that confidently because my partner and I have real desire for each other. There's a huge difference between teaching how to have a strong sexual energy and flirting confidently with the other person even after years in a relationship and just teaching guys to be disrespectful jerks who only care about getting laid. Think about it. When a woman sees a guy who's got red flags, you know, he's toxic, he's got tattoos, he seems like a bit of a wild guy. He seems like he might even try her friends, she will actually be more likely to have a one night stand within an hour of meeting than she will the husband guy within an hour of meeting. >> So, what he's basically saying is be a jerk, act like an animal, don't respect women, and you'll get laid. That's the real takeaway. It's no surprise guys who follow that end up stuck in toxic relationships with women who do the same. It's a neverending cycle of toxicity. And seriously, is that what being a masculine man is all about? Making a girl feel like you would sleep with her friends or chasing only meaningless hookups as fast as possible? Look, I get whatever pain you've been through, but it's time to do better. Especially when you're in a position to influence young men. And when you're young, when you don't have much experience yet, it's easy to think this advice makes sense because you've probably never had or seen a healthy relationship. You've never witnessed what real intimacy looks like. That's why this type of content is made for you. >> Believe me when I tell you, I know that this is one of the fundamental truths of the world that I cannot be wrong with. >> The less you know, the more likely you are to believe someone who speaks with confidence and sells their personal opinion and pain as universal truth. And let's be real, sometimes it's not even about age. You can be in your 30s, 40s, even 50s and still fall for this advice just because you've never really experienced what they're talking about. Because emotional maturity isn't guaranteed by age. It's shaped by experience, reflection, and character building. If you've never had a healthy example in your life or even in your circle, this stuff can still hook you, especially if you are surrounded by awful people. And once you're hooked, once they've earned your trust, that's when they hit you with the next box you supposedly need to check to finally be seen as a high value man. even take you seriously, bro. You're a regular dude. >> I don't know why people love getting humiliated by influencers about their finances. But here we are. Because apparently if you're not making six figures, you're just a mid-range man. >> Why would only over 100k make you a top tier man? That doesn't even make you a mid-range. Like I'm just talking stats here. A lot of people make over that amount of money. >> When did we normalize being publicly shamed for how much money we make? Since when did everyone on the internet become qualified to tell strangers what should be in their bank account? It's insane. And somehow we've just accepted it. Feeding on your insecurities is in fact such a successful business model that now it's spreading to women too. We've now got Tik Tok influencers who are marketing alpha male courses for women. Sure, they don't call it that way. They wrap it as high value woman content, but the narrative is exactly the same. I'm going to show you the one that's made the most money and has the most likes right now. >> What I'm going to say is literally the most gatekept secret. This works even if you don't have pretty privilege. Even if you aren't the smartest girl, you don't have the nicest handbag. >> So, her formula works even without a Chanel or Birkin. Wow, what a relief. Because clearly, your love life depends on your handbag. Everyone knows you can't find love unless your handbag screams, "I'm better than you." It's the exact same fantasy as the alpha male content, just flipped. Different gender, same formula. And it's all about status, ego, and performance. >> Like, literally, anybody can do this and make people obsess with them. like that. >> You can never ever catch me in a toxic relationship. I only date people that are literally obsessed with me. Literally, all the guys that I have dated, my exes, till this day, they would still marry me like this. >> This was quite a long time that I was using like certain tricks to make girls obsessed with me. You want to make people obsessed with you, this is exactly what you do. >> So, you are being taught how to make everyone obsessed with you. Like, that's the goal now. Not love, not connection, just making people your servants. It's honestly kind of sad because people might not see you the way you want them to and that's completely normal. You might think you are mysterious. >> So, I am here to teach you how to actually become mysterious >> or the hottest girl in the room. >> Five things that will make you the hottest person in the room. >> But to someone else, you might just come off as cringe or delusional. The truth is, you can't control how others see you or how they treat you. And anyone trying to sell you a course on how to make everyone obsessed with you. You don't need to have pretty privilege to get people to chase you, to be obsessed with you, >> or how to stop your partner from ever cheating. >> Enjoy. >> If not, you're going to get cheated on. >> Isn't being honest. Because the only thing you can really control when it comes to other people is what kind of treatment you're willing to accept and who you keep around. That's it. The only thing within your control is yourself. Other than that, you really can't do much about how other people see you. You can be kind, loyal, have the best character, and they'll still treat you like crap if you let them. But the real irony is that most of this high value advice tells you not to compare yourself to others, while literally teaching you how to stand out and be the hottest girl in every room. >> This is how you're going to be the hottest person in any room that you walk into. >> If you want to be able to walk into a room and have everyone be obsessed with you, this is what you need to do. Exactly. How you're going to be the hottest, most eye-catching person in any room that you walk into. Here's how to be the hottest person in any room you walk into. >> This is how to be the hottest person in any room that you walk into. >> Let's talk about four beauty secrets to be the hottest girl in the room. Here's how to be the hottest person to ever walk into any room. Let's put all these hottest girl in the room girls in the same room. Who's winning then? And hottest compared to who exactly? This is such a shallow message because you're still basing your self-worth on how you rank against other women. And who's the judge here? Men. all for male validation. Like life is just one big beauty contest you never actually win. Because even if you are the hottest in the room, there's always another room. So you're back at zero again. And what makes it even more ridiculous, these are the same women telling you to desenter men. >> You need to seriously desenter men >> and not base your worth on how they treat you. Stop getting your identity and your self-worth from how men and other people treat you >> while literally teaching you how to think, act, talk, and look in a way that makes them obsessed with you. >> What the princess treatment formula is is it is literally the formula that tells you exactly how to think, how to act, and how to feel like you are the literal it girl. Like you are a celebrity that every single person is obsessed with. or take the male version. They tell you to stop chasing women, think less about her, but then they sell you a course on how to become the kind of man no woman can resist. >> This video is just a small part of the full red pill course that I'm putting inside of this program. >> Like, pick a side. You can't tell people to not care about validation and then sell them step-by-step instructions on how to get it. Make it make sense. First, they tell you to not care and focus on yourself. Then, they sell you a course for getting exactly the thing you're not supposed to want. The whole thing is just backwards. And somehow, no one seems to notice how crazy this business has become. Now, let's be real. Wanting to feel attractive or liked by the opposite gender is totally normal. It's human nature. Most of us feel that. But the problem starts when you preach detachment. And the way that I started to desenter men is to literally center myself >> while obsessing over how to pull men towards you like a magnet. You can't say you don't care when every single video you make is still about them. At that point, your entire personality revolves around caring about the people you claim to have moved on from. That's not empowerment. That's insecurity repackaged and monetized. It's like selling you a cure for a problem they taught you to have in the first place. And honestly, not only is it hypocritical and contradictory, it's kind of sad, too. But let's talk about the real cost of all this. >> I'm better than almost all men just in general. When you just compare the stats of like, okay, what's the achievements, the confidence, the leadership skills, and the discipline, and okay, how many minutes have youated, and what's your character like, and how much money have you made, and the the fitness, and all those things. I'm basically better than every single guy of of my age group. I actually believe that about every guy just in any group and you should have that mindset as well even before you are so you be cool. >> When every video tells you to think that you are the best in the room, the most alpha, the most mysterious, the most magnetic, what does that actually do to your mindset? You stop improving. You stop listening. You stop learning from others because now you believe you're already better than them. And let's be real, all of this is just delusional because there will always, always be someone better than you at something. You need to be real to yourself. And accepting that is the first step to growth. That's why the moment you buy into this idea that you're already ahead of everyone is the moment you become spiritually arrogant. >> I'm telling you right now, if you think this is arrogant and you're scared of this, you're not going to make it. It's with this aggressive masculine arrogance that gets you here. It gets you to improve. You've got to have this idea that you're better than other people because that's how you improve. >> When your whole identity is built on feeling superior, any self-reflection feels like weakness. Admitting you're wrong feels almost impossible. And God forbid you actually admire someone else because you're not the prize anymore. This isn't just a male issue. The same exact thing is happening in high value woman culture, too. You're told to believe you're the baddest, the hottest, the smartest in the room. And if you're not, fake it until everyone else is convinced, including yourself. >> How to be the hottest person to ever walk into any room. Number one, nobody can tell if your confidence is real or fake. I've seen a bunch of other girls say this, and it's so true. But that mindset doesn't even allow you to say, "Wow, that person does something better than me. I want to learn from them." Because now everything is a competition. And if you're not on top, you're nothing. It's like we've all forgotten what Socrates said. The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. And here's the real consequence of all this. More and more people start turning into narcissists. When all you care about is being the best. Every interaction becomes about boosting your ego instead of growing as a person. You care more about how others perceive you than who you really are. Being real and vulnerable feels like a weakness. So you just shut that part down. We've somehow created an entire subculture that punishes realness and rewards delusion. Where the loudest person in the room is the one who gets listened to, not the wisest. And if that wasn't bad enough, there's something even more catastrophic going on. Men are being taught to act like animals. And no, I'm not exaggerating. There are entire podcasts, courses, and videos built around one single idea. That monogamy isn't natural for men. or even worse, that a man who doesn't sleep with multiple women is weak. And let me be clear from the start, I don't support or agree with any toxic or misogynistic ideas. This is said to meet YouTube's policies and to clarify my position. What you're about to hear is criticism, not encouragement. Take Andrew Tate for example. This man has millions of followers and openly says that real men sleep and make babies with as many women as possible. He teaches young men that doing acts of service for women is a beta strategy across the animal kingdom, while alphas are supposedly chased for their genetics alone with basically zero obligations. Like, imagine being so emotionally underdeveloped that you call loyalty a weakness. Imagine being so deeply out of touch with your own soul that you think self-control makes you less of a man. >> Andrew Tate talks about this kind of lifestyle as though it's natural. He said, quote, "Manogamy isn't natural for men. Men are men. This is how they'll always be." And he's right in a certain way. It is natural. It's natural in the sense that it appeals to our most base and univilized impulses. An even better word would be animalistic, which is why it's so commonly found in the animal kingdom. >> And what's even more ridiculous is that there are literal animals out there that are more emotionally evolved than this. There are species that form long-term bonds, raise their offspring together, and even grieve when their mate dies. And we call these creatures animals. So, what does that make you? Maybe just a caveman who discovered testosterone and mistook it for some kind of enlightened masculinity. But let's be honest, there's absolutely nothing masculine about being an impulsive, lust-driven person with zero self-control. >> How many side chicks do you have? I bet you you can say that. Oh, you think that's a flex? You think having side chicks is a flex? I got some bad news for you. Having side chick is not a flex. That's made in less behavior. You want to know what's the real flex? The real flex is loyalty. But you want to know that? I'm sorry. We're an epic drop. You're just a common loot. Oh, that hurts. >> If empty encounters are all you chase, fine. Go ahead and find others who chase the same thing. Just know you're not some primal alpha. You're proof that evolution doesn't always mean progress. >> Everyone, men and women, are meant to cheat. We're all just anim animalistic. So, we can be all proper sensitive watching this. Or I could just tell you the truth and you can learn how to manage this. >> If logic, self-awareness, and emotional depth are the things that separate us from animals, then what exactly are guys like Tate teaching here? How to turn off your brain and find excuses for your moral decay? Let me put it plainly. Polygamy doesn't make you more of a man. It just creates more broken homes. You want nine baby mas? Cool. Then explain how you're planning to raise all 40 with consistency, presence, emotional strength, and moral guidance. Oh, right. You can't and you won't. >> In a similar way, I might say that many men will father children. That's easy to do. But will they be fathers? They have children. Will they raise them? >> I guess not. A father like them will probably leave behind 40 emotionally neglected children. each one carrying a piece of their absence. Some will grow into men who don't know how to love and respect a woman. Others into women who don't know what love and respect should feel like. And eventually, they'll all end up online, begging for validation from the same kind of people that broke them in the first place. This is not an empire. This is chaos. Strong societies are built on trust, safety, and stability. And the truth is, adultery breaks that trust. It causes real harm to your partner, your children, your family, your friends, and even your community. The >> setup which Andrew Tate describes and promotes where men have children by many different women has lots of historical precedent. Uh this is the way that primitive societies have operated for thousands of years. And today, this strategy is very popular in certain communities in this country. And you could always spot those communities because they're the ones that are the most dysfunctional, the filthiest, most destitute, and crimeridden places in the country. Show me the murder rate and the average yearly income in any neighborhood, and I will tell you whether most of the children in a neighborhood have a father in the home or not. >> Adultery destroys the very fabric of stability that society relies on. When trust is broken in a home, it creates confusion, insecurity, and resentment. And kids especially carry that for years. And I say this not from theory, but from experience. When my father cheated on my mother, I was broken. I didn't just feel sad. I felt betrayed, disoriented. I lost the image of what a man should be. He didn't just disappoint my mom. He stopped being my role model. That one act changed the way I viewed manhood for a long time. >> Tate says that he has more sons than I do. I believe him. But my sons and my daughters have more of me than Tate's children will ever have of him. I come home to them every night. And every night as I'm turning off the lights in their room, they say to me, "Dad, will you stay up for a while?" Because they want to know that I'll be there awake watching over the house so they can rest easy. And my answer is always yes. >> And what's wild is even animals understand this on some level. Even if we entertain this anim animalistic worldview that some of these men push, fine, let's go there. Even then, monogamy has real advantages in the animal kingdom. When both parents are present, their young are better protected from predators and external threats. Monogamy also saves energy. Animals that don't constantly chase new mates can put more effort into survival and raising their young. And biologically, having fewer partners means lower risk of infection. Because yes, STDs exist in the animal kingdom, too. So, even from a purely evolutionary standpoint, commitment isn't weakness. It provides an actual safer place for children to grow. And what makes the hypocrisy worse is that these same men often claim that men are meant to spread their seed with many women. But women must remain loyal, pure, and monogous. >> I can do whatever I want. I'm a man. Women can't do those things. It's disgusting. >> Why is he shouting? The idea that a woman can sleep with as many people as want she wants just because she wants to is wrong. Women should not do that. And the whole idea and the whole concept that females can adopt the promiscuity of males cuz males have always been promiscuous. >> But if we fully embrace his idea that biology is everything, that reproduction is the ultimate goal and that monogamy isn't natural to men. That logic still fails because in nature, females mating with multiple partners can also lead to higher reproductive success. It increases the chances that at least one mating leads to a healthy, successful pregnancy. So, if you're really going to argue from biology, then women doing the exact same thing makes sense, too. But that's not what you want. You don't want nature. You want control. You want exclusivity without offering it back. And that's not nature. That's entitlement. >> Men since the dawn of time, every king, every sultan, have had her. They have had concubines. Every single man who could did. The men who can't say they wouldn't and say they don't want it because they can't. If you're actually important and you can have a harim, you have a harim. They always have. >> Andrew Tate claims rich, powerful men always have multiple women. Like it's some universal rule. But that's just nonsense. Look at Lionol Messi, one of the richest footballers on the planet. Admired by millions, yet loyal to his wife and devoted to his family. Even though plenty of female fans have tried to get his attention, he never gave in. He treats female fans with respect, keeps his hands to himself, and maintains a clear distance. And when Susie Cortez sent him inappropriate pictures and even tattooed his face, he blocked her. That's real strength. Choosing loyalty and protecting your family. And that's why bragging about sleeping with hundreds or thousands of women is ultimately empty. You didn't build anything real with anyone. When you die, you might be a millionaire, billionaire, or whatever you wish, but you will die emotionally alone. You won't take your money or properties with you, nor will you have anyone who you can truly trust by your side. And I hope someday you realize that your genetics have absolutely nothing to do with women wanting you. It's your money. >> That's why rich men get cheated on more. >> So, here's what happens. Like I said to you, to be hyper successful, you have to be very logical, not very emotional, super busy. Therefore, you need a woman who's not requiring that much emotional investment, doesn't mind that you're busy. Those women who don't look for emotional connection, look for financial investment. They are not going to be emotionally loyal to you. Overall, in the way he talks, it's obvious he's never experienced real love. Not with a woman, not with family, not with anyone outside himself. If this isn't a midlife crisis screaming I've never been loved, then I don't know what is. >> The way that guys like Tate describe marriage makes it seem like, you know, we're living in entirely different universes, and perhaps we are. He makes it seem that it's essentially impossible for a man to find a good, faithful woman. But how could it be impossible? I am currently in such an arrangement. If you don't know any truly happy and faithful marriages, then I would suggest that the problem isn't with marriage. It's that you are surrounding yourself with awful people. And exactly because he's never known what real love feels like. He cultivates mistrust and resentment towards women. Because when you've never felt genuine connection, all that's left is fear. So what does he do? He teaches millions of young men to distrust women before they've even known them. He believes every woman is cheating with a man who is shared by 100 other women. Or that a woman's body count is way more important than a man's. >> Why is it negative? It's negative because the likelihood of her falling completely in love with you and staying loyal to you and and really believing you're the only man for her after being through so much trauma and so many men and sleep with so many dudes and having her heart broken and having those memories of her ex and all that crap she's been through is far less likely than meeting a nice young beautiful girl who hasn't been with many men. >> Well, according to these guys, it doesn't matter if a man has been with half the planet, but if a woman has a past, she's damaged. Wow, how convenient. I guess in this little fantasy world, men collect experience, women collect shame. It's just another awful opinion pushing double standards because apparently a guy can sleep with a thousand people and still be seen as high value. But the moment a woman lives her life with even a fraction of that freedom, suddenly she's disqualified. Let's just be honest for once. Emotional baggage doesn't care if you're a man or a woman. If you never process your past, you carry it with you, no matter who you are. So, as long as men care about a woman's body count, then women have every right to care about theirs, too. Because respect isn't gendered. And if your masculinity depends on women having less freedom than you, don't even call yourself a man. Women don't owe you purity while you chase every momentary pleasure like it's a survival instinct. And it's painfully hypocritical to watch these men glorify every impulsive urge like they're some kind of primal beast, but then demand that women remain untouched and pure. You want to live like an animal? Fine. But don't expect a goddess to wait for you at the finish line while you're rolling in the dirt. You can't be crawling through the mud and still expect someone else to walk on water. That's not nature or standards. That's the epitome of insecurity. So, is there anything we can do to stop insecure and unhealed people from influencing young minds? Honestly, not really. This kind of content flourishes on its own. So, if you're a parent, talk to your kids about love, dating, lust, all of it. Because if you don't raise them, the internet will. And these will be the results. [Music] >> No, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. We love women. We love women. We love women, >> but not not like trans. >> Yes, sir. We love everybody. >> No. No. >> What have I done? >> And if you're young yourself, please, please be cautious about who you listen to online, especially when someone claims to have all the answers about relationships, money, and attraction. If what they say feels like it boosts your ego or gives you a false sense of control over other people, pause. That's not wisdom. That's a sales pitch. Even creators who are idolized for their relationship advice go through betrayal and heartbreak. Wizard Liz, one of the most respected voices in the attraction space, was cheated on by her fianceé while 4 months pregnant. And it's not about her, it's about the reality that the loudest voices are not always the wisest. In fact, they're often the ones still hurting the most. But the algorithm doesn't measure healing. It measures clicks. I had so much more I wanted to share on this, but I didn't want to turn it into a marathon video. So, hit that subscribe button because I've got videos coming on why your relationships fail, how to actually build healthy connections, and a lot more that will change the way you see love and dating. As always, I'll be watching from afar, and I'll be proud of you. It's time to unleash your inner confident goddess. See you in the next video, warrior. >> Women to come along and pretend they give a about the fact that most men are basic most men are basically invisible. >> She doesn't want to find the nice man. Now she's trying to like you're saying, chasing a lifestyle, chasing Mr. Promiscuous, chasing Mr. Famous. >> I get it. If the red pill movement were around when I was in high school, I probably would have fell for it. Think about it. First of all, they give you someone to hate. It's not your fault women don't like you. It's their fault cuz they're freaking gold diggers. Then they give you a solution. Are you tired of being a beta male? You want to be an alpha like me? You want money? You want girls? Look at me. I'm surrounded by them. Trust me. Maybe buy my course. And third, they offer something so many young men are looking for. A father figure. Someone to look up to and emulate and learn how to be a real man from. And I'm not just talking about the boys with completely absent fathers. I'm talking about the boys with emotionally absent fathers as well. The boys that are angry, insecure, with low emotional intelligence, just like I was when I was a teen. The boys whose families and fathers do not talk to them. The boys that spend all day scrolling. They're praying on their kids.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChefJollyRoger [11 likes]: "Their opinions say what our egos want to listen" Damn. Just smashed the nail 😮😮😮
  2. @keyliy0 [8 likes]: Glad I don't listen to these people 🫶🏻
  3. @GoddessofWar-GW [7 likes]: Want to support me? Grab me a coffee! ☕ https://buymeacoffee.com/goddessofcoffee 
Big thanks! 🥰
  4. @jessicamacchiato [5 likes]: As usual, you made some great points in this video!🩷🥰
  5. @allMinabe [3 likes]: Your words moved me and made me emotional. I can see why people turn to toxic content 😕 I wish I could've stopped my brother from listening to this toxic type of content and acting on it but it is too late now. Please keep up the good work ❤💯 also have you thought of uploading your videos on Spotify?
  6. @Anos1414 [3 likes]: ❤❤❤❤great vid 😢very sad to see this types of men
  7. @3infinity857 [3 likes]: Thank you for making this vid. You hit the nail on the head! 💯
  8. @Spock_Rogers [3 likes]: Thank you for this video. I only wish I had these videos 30 years ago. ✌️
  9. @CorinthianIvory [2 likes]: 9:46 I am the person who didn't have good examples & I fell for a lot of this crap because I was surrounded by awful people (mostly relatives) who behave as these gurus proscribe. While it definitely gets results, I don't want to contribute to this problem. I've been trying to deprogram myself of this nonsense lately
  10. @FfffFfff-n6z9x [2 likes]: ❤
  11. @seherruzgar438 [2 likes]: great video as always goddess! ❤ can you make a video about how can we found our soulmate/healthy and healing relationship 😂 thank you 😊
  12. @oteloedits7492 [1 likes]: Ma'am you got a Tiktok?
  13. @OpenchineseTW [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this channel! ❤
  14. @RENUCHOUDHARY-e7w [1 likes]: 13:50 girl that was my line 😭😭

- family vloggers try to defend themselves... 😬 "Born to be Viral" documentary | Internet Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en Hello my dudes. Welcome back to Internet Analysis.&nbsp; Today I have another episode about family&nbsp;&nbsp; vloggers. I was recently interviewed in this&nbsp; documentary series called Born to be Viral, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is about kid influencers and family channels. So,&nbsp; I had to make a video. No, like this is voluntary.&nbsp;&nbsp; They didn't ask me to do this. I'm not going to&nbsp; cover everything that happened in this series.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's um six episodes that are 20 minutes each.&nbsp; So, feel free to watch the whole thing yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're interested. I'm just going to touch&nbsp; on the parts that are most intriguing to me. There are so many factors that make&nbsp; it very appealing. You can stay home&nbsp;&nbsp; with your family full-time. You can make&nbsp; memories and potentially make thousands,&nbsp;&nbsp; if not millions of dollars.&nbsp; That sounds like a dream life. So, the documentary crew followed a few&nbsp; families over the course of 5 years to&nbsp;&nbsp; see kind of their trajectory through family&nbsp; vlogging, which I think is pretty interesting. So, here are our main players. First family,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fish fam. We have Kyler and Madison plus&nbsp; five kids, including the very famous twins,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tatum and Oakley. Now, this might shock&nbsp; you, but this family is actually Mormon. Their YouTube channel has 4.75 million&nbsp; subscribers. They have 7.5 million on&nbsp;&nbsp; Tik Tok and then across Instagram,&nbsp; all the different family accounts&nbsp;&nbsp; and child accounts. They have&nbsp; a total of 6 million followers. Next family, we have the McClures, Ami and&nbsp; Justin. Then more twins, Ava and Alexis,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their younger brother, Jersey. The&nbsp; McClures have a few different channels,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, which total over 9 million subscribers and 3.8&nbsp; million across multiple Instagram accounts. Both&nbsp;&nbsp; of these families, the Fish Fam and the McClures,&nbsp; they largely got famous off of their viral twins. Do you have the same face? Yes. Ava was born 1&nbsp; minute older than Alexis. But I want to be older. And they were like toddlers,&nbsp; so they're adorable. and they&nbsp;&nbsp; have those little baby voices and they&nbsp; said cute things and people love them. Then the third family are actually aspiring&nbsp; influencers. So we get to see what it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; starting at zero. Will they be able to&nbsp; make it big over the course of 5 years? We have mom Daisy and her son Ethan and they&nbsp; had another baby. I don't know their name. By the way, I am covering the&nbsp; kids' faces as much as I can,&nbsp;&nbsp; which has been very tedious for this number of&nbsp; clips. Um, so if you notice any weird edits,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's all me. I went back and forth about this&nbsp; cuz in some ways it feels pointless because these&nbsp;&nbsp; kids are so famous and they're featured&nbsp; throughout this documentary. But still,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just don't like showing kids on&nbsp; my channel. So, it felt right to me. This series is an interesting look into the&nbsp; long-term experience of family vlogging because&nbsp;&nbsp; over the course of 5 years, a channel can change&nbsp; so much. You can have millions of followers,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that doesn't guarantee that&nbsp; your success is going to last. I think there has become more hate&nbsp; I guess or frustration with family&nbsp;&nbsp; vloggers. Family vlogging&nbsp; is getting like a bad rap. Some of the world may see it as some&nbsp; form of exploitation of kids. I saw&nbsp;&nbsp; it as family home videos and it&nbsp; turned into something amazing. And especially with family vlogging, the&nbsp; question of what happens when the kids grow&nbsp;&nbsp; up? What happens when the adorable toddler becomes&nbsp; a kid or maybe a teenager who doesn't even want&nbsp;&nbsp; to be filmed at all? I also enjoyed hearing&nbsp; more from the parents because obviously those&nbsp;&nbsp; of us watching are pretty familiar with family&nbsp; vlogging and we know the common critiques of it. When you're in a traditional space,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's understood that it's work. Whereas&nbsp; this is labor without any protection or&nbsp;&nbsp; regulation. You're exploiting us and you're&nbsp; exploiting my kids right now for your gain. To have them asked in this setting where&nbsp; they don't have full control over what's&nbsp;&nbsp; asked or whether a director is going to&nbsp; push back or dig deeper into their response. you're using your kids and all this kind of stuff&nbsp;&nbsp; and like they only knew you just&nbsp; want to strangle these people. I don't know where the negativity&nbsp; is coming from and why people are&nbsp;&nbsp; so worried about kids being online. People say things like, "Well, you're&nbsp; exposing them to this or people who&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn't be looking at little girls." Maybe...&nbsp; those people walk around the world every day. Click analytics. 30% male, mostly 35 to 44. A male commented, "Please keep&nbsp; her safe. She's my future wife." I found that interesting. I could always&nbsp; go for more digging, but let's get into it. I think people are getting jealous.&nbsp; People are realizing that they can&nbsp;&nbsp; make the amount of money they&nbsp; make in a year in 30 seconds. Yeah. First of all, I do think that level&nbsp; of inequality does bother a lot of people,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially in this current moment&nbsp; when a lot of people are struggling. It is insane to hear someone say that&nbsp; they make someone's salary in 5 minutes. And so, they try to make us feel bad&nbsp; going, "You're only making that money&nbsp;&nbsp; because your kids are in it." I'm not&nbsp; going to let all these people in their&nbsp;&nbsp; little comments make me take down all&nbsp; the most memorable moments of my life. I'm trying to not be petty right off the&nbsp; bat, but I love the idea that like haters&nbsp;&nbsp; are the people in the little comments and yet&nbsp; obviously your fans are the reason that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; able to make so much money. I guess that's&nbsp; the catch 22 of being a content creator. But um my favorite things when I was a kid was&nbsp; my videos that my parents took. They're special. Yes, of course. Home videos are special. Nobody&nbsp; is stopping you from taking pictures or videos&nbsp;&nbsp; of your own kids. But posting them to millions of&nbsp; people and monetizing them is a different story. It's It's like Satan's plan. Satan's&nbsp; plan is to take away families,&nbsp;&nbsp; take away happiness. Anything wholesome,&nbsp; they like want to attack it. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're exploiting whatever they can do&nbsp; to take away like good things in life. That's so wild to hear. Again,&nbsp; we know this is a Mormon family,&nbsp;&nbsp; but um criticizing family vlogging is&nbsp; Satan's plan. We're trying to take away&nbsp;&nbsp; families by being like, "Hey, maybe how&nbsp; does this affect the children? What kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of long-term impacts might this have?"&nbsp; Just just asking questions. I don't know. But obviously, it makes sense why these parents&nbsp;&nbsp; are so defensive about this&nbsp; career. They are making bank. Kyler and Madison actually&nbsp; mentioned it like five times. There are some days where we could pay&nbsp; for an entire college career in one day. Days where we're able to make as&nbsp; much money or more than 90% of&nbsp;&nbsp; the people in this world make in one&nbsp; day. So, how could you ever complain? I mean, we've made millions, but we're not in&nbsp; like the next level like hundreds millions,&nbsp;&nbsp; obviously, which should be cool. We're so grateful that we're&nbsp; able to make the amount some&nbsp;&nbsp; people would make in an entire&nbsp; year just in a 5 minute video. Hit that subscribe button. Make sure&nbsp; you give this video a big thumbs up. I'm obsessed with how they try to present&nbsp; this in like a humble way. Like, yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; we make millions of dollars, but we're so&nbsp; grateful. You are flexing on us. Okay, we get it. But before we continue, this portion of&nbsp; today's video is sponsored by Ritual. Raise your hand if you've been slacking on taking&nbsp; your vitamins. I have. But it is really important,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially postpartum, for me to&nbsp; build my nutrient stores back up. So, here I am getting back on track. Rituals Essential for Women 18 plus is a&nbsp; high quality multivitamin for women 18 to 49. I love a good multivitamin because it is the&nbsp; easiest thing to add to my routine and make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure I'm filling in any of those major&nbsp; nutrient gaps such as vitamin D or B12. I take two capsules daily. First of all, these smell and taste&nbsp; great, which is really nice cuz a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of vitamins taste horrible and this&nbsp; just makes it a lot more enjoyable. They're essenced with mint, so they're&nbsp; like very refreshing going down. These&nbsp;&nbsp; are also delayed release, so they're&nbsp; a little more gentle on my stomach. This multivitamin is third&nbsp; party tested, vegan friendly,&nbsp;&nbsp; plus it's free of gluten and other major allergens I also appreciate that Ritual's ingredients are&nbsp; made traceable, meaning that I could learn more&nbsp;&nbsp; about various ingredients if I want to, such as&nbsp; where they're sourced or manufactured. Love that. So, next time you're shopping&nbsp; for vitamins, try Ritual. You can test it out, make a one time purchase, or&nbsp; sign up for a subscription so you never run out. Click the link in the description and use code&nbsp;&nbsp; Tiffany Ferg to get 30% off&nbsp; your first order from Ritual. Family content, kid content. That's all very&nbsp; brand friendly and therefore very valuable. The&nbsp;&nbsp; top earning influencers, they've got sponsorships&nbsp; and brand deals worth five, six, probably even&nbsp;&nbsp; seven figures that can be very lucrative because&nbsp; you can essentially monetize your entire life. Obviously, it's no secret that family channels&nbsp; and kid influencers can make tons of money,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as usual, I am nosy. How&nbsp; much money are we talking? So, right now we're making about 30,000&nbsp; a month from ad money on YouTube. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you add in brand deals and ad money,&nbsp; you could make up to $150,000 in one month. $150,000 a month. Right. Right. We had a Nike brand deal and we had to do a few&nbsp; shorts and two videos, but it was worth it because&nbsp;&nbsp; first of all, the videos were fun and second of&nbsp; all, they paid us $500,000, so that was good. It's crazy how nonchalant she just said that. Even though it noted the parents said&nbsp; the deal was actually $125,000. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's it. Oh, just $125,000. Gotcha. It never ceases to amaze me how much money&nbsp; you can make making family-friendly content. And obviously, these creators are working&nbsp; with massive like household name brands But at the same time, it hurts my brain&nbsp; because so much kid and family content&nbsp;&nbsp; is just utter trash. But somehow it's&nbsp; getting millions of views. c'est la vie! You know, we know we know social&nbsp; media is not a meritocracy. I think what's really shocking is as a child to&nbsp; get accustomed to that. It is a different world. But on the note of family channels&nbsp; and money, let's talk about COPPA. Back in 2019, YouTube was fined&nbsp; $170 million for violating COPPA,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a children's privacy law enacted in 1998. YouTube was illegally collecting data&nbsp;&nbsp; on child viewers and sending kids&nbsp; targeted ads. That's a big no no. So after the lawsuit, YouTube had&nbsp; to crack down and kind of shift&nbsp;&nbsp; the onus onto creators. Hey guys,&nbsp; we have new rules and guidelines,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay? Creators should be marking their videos&nbsp; as made for kids if they fit certain criteria. Well, what counts as made for kids? Basically,&nbsp; if kids are the primary targeted or intended&nbsp;&nbsp; audience, if the content features, you know,&nbsp; popular kids celebrities, characters, toys,&nbsp;&nbsp; games, activities, nursery rhymes, those are&nbsp; all signals that it's probably made for kids. But here's the kicker. Content that&nbsp; is marked as made for kids cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; have those personalized targeted ads,&nbsp; which means it gets a way lower CPM,&nbsp;&nbsp; which means the creators&nbsp; get much lower ad revenue. CPM and RPM can vary widely. But let's say your typical RPM&nbsp; means you earn $5 per 1000 views... but for videos marked made for kids,&nbsp; it could be more like 50 cents, maybe. So, if you got 100,000 views, that would be like&nbsp;&nbsp; $500 versus $50 --- or a million views,&nbsp; the difference between $5,000 and $500. So, of course, family channels have tried to&nbsp;&nbsp; get around these rules because they&nbsp; want their videos fully monetized. So, when I started watching the series, I&nbsp; wasn't familiar with the fish fam or the&nbsp;&nbsp; McClures. I wanted to check out their channels&nbsp; and also see if they seem to be following COPPA. Spoiler, it looks like they are&nbsp; not a lot of the time, allegedly. But how do I know? Made for&nbsp; kids videos do not have comment&nbsp;&nbsp; sections because it's meant to&nbsp; protect the privacy of children so that you don't get comment&nbsp; sections full of kids being like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "My name is Tiffany. I'm 8&nbsp; years old. This is my address." You know, so if a video has a comment section,&nbsp; it clearly has not been marked as made for kids. But with COPPA overall in YouTube,&nbsp; there's a lot of gray areas because&nbsp;&nbsp; just because kids are in a video doesn't&nbsp; automatically make it made for kids. So, family channels can argue their videos&nbsp; aren't targeting kids, even if some kids&nbsp;&nbsp; happen to watch them. Their target audience&nbsp; is actually other parents or adults, right? But when it comes to most family vlogging&nbsp; channels, the kids are the stars. We all&nbsp;&nbsp; know that. And they're a big focus of the videos.&nbsp; You can tell by the titles and the thumbnails. And I would definitely argue that the vast&nbsp; majority of these videos are made for kids. You can tell by the subject matter.&nbsp; Again, they're doing kids activities.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're focusing on the kids and playing&nbsp; and toys and all this -- made for kids! But overall, it is very difficult to enforce&nbsp; COPPA. Similar to issues with undisclosed ads,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people are out here&nbsp; just blatantly disregarding&nbsp;&nbsp; the rules and hoping that they never get caught. So many channels get away with it, which&nbsp; allows them to earn basically like 10 times&nbsp;&nbsp; more in ad revenue than they should be if&nbsp; their audience is in fact mostly children. With that, let's talk about aspiring&nbsp; creators. Even aside from AdSense,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's plenty of money to be made on&nbsp; social media, especially with sponsorships. And as we've all heard, many kids&nbsp; these days want to be YouTubers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many parents would love&nbsp; to be YouTube momagers. At least one in three kids wants&nbsp; to be a social media star when they&nbsp;&nbsp; grow up. There is this idea of equal&nbsp; opportunity. Everyone who has a phone&nbsp;&nbsp; can be a content creator. There's so many&nbsp; other forces at play. Luck, privilege... So, quickly, I want to talk about again the&nbsp; aspiring family vlogger channel, Daisy and Ethan. Daisy talks about how charismatic her&nbsp; son is and how he loves YouTube and he&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to make YouTube videos. So,&nbsp; they start trying to pursue this. They made a couple of videos, but&nbsp; they're struggling to gain a following. But what really stands out to me about&nbsp; the sections that focus on this family&nbsp;&nbsp; is how often Ethan, who I think at the&nbsp; start is like seven or eight years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; how often he talks about money,&nbsp; wanting to do YouTube for money. I would like to make content. I would like to&nbsp; make people happy. I would like to make money. As we know, creators with large followings of&nbsp; kids, like the Paul brothers, many of them brag&nbsp;&nbsp; about how rich they are and their mansions&nbsp; and their cars and their cool stuff. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, these children watching&nbsp; are absorbing this and going,&nbsp;&nbsp; "You know what? Being a YouTuber seems cool.&nbsp; I can make a lot of money. That's awesome. I hope I would get 10 million subscribers. I would&nbsp;&nbsp; make a lot of money." And what would&nbsp; you do with that money? Buy a mansion. So, in one sense, it's just like the reality&nbsp; of the situation. kids do eventually learn&nbsp;&nbsp; that money exists and that money&nbsp; can get them the things they want. But there's another component of this&nbsp; because Daisy talks about their family&nbsp;&nbsp; struggling financially and how she&nbsp; hopes that this can become, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; stable income for the family. I definitely feel&nbsp; for her. Again, the economy is so rough. I get it. You're struggling. And the thought of being&nbsp; able to stay at home, work with your family,&nbsp;&nbsp; and make easy money doing social&nbsp; media, again, sounds like a dream. But the fact that the pressure of this&nbsp; is put on her son, I don't love that. What gets me nervous right now is when&nbsp; will I start to see the money come in? And again, this applies to all family&nbsp; channels. Again, that's one of my big&nbsp;&nbsp; critiques is like the children are the&nbsp; money makers. I don't think that's fair. Another element is that kids do internalize&nbsp; ideas about money. Many kids do hear their&nbsp;&nbsp; parents talk about money or talk&nbsp; about struggling to pay the bills,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that really comes out in a lot of these&nbsp; clips where Ethan just keeps emphasizing over&nbsp;&nbsp; and over and over, I want a bunch of&nbsp; subscribers so that we can make money. What kind of videos do you&nbsp; want to film? I don't know.&nbsp;&nbsp; So then why do you want a YouTube&nbsp; channel? Because it makes money. What is your goal? My goal is to make more&nbsp; money. Ethan's goal is to make more money. So my question here though for Daisy would&nbsp; be like if you want to pursue social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't you pursue it yourself? And&nbsp; maybe she has no interest in being an&nbsp;&nbsp; influencer. But like that's the problem is&nbsp; -- your kid likes YouTube and he thinks it&nbsp;&nbsp; might be fun to make some videos, but don't&nbsp; put the pressure on him to build a channel&nbsp;&nbsp; from zero and hopefully someday be making&nbsp; a ton of money. Do you know what I mean? So much of social media success does boil down&nbsp; to, as I mentioned, luck and privilege. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; a kid who's really trying at this and their their&nbsp; parents are trying to push them and they're all&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to do this. If it doesn't work out,&nbsp; they're going to feel like they personally&nbsp;&nbsp; did something wrong when really it's like the&nbsp; social media landscape is so competitive and so&nbsp;&nbsp; hard to gain traction in. And that's not your&nbsp; fault necessarily. It's just a lot for a kid. Okay, so next up, I want to talk about all&nbsp; of these families responding to the haters,&nbsp;&nbsp; finally hearing them be asked like, "What&nbsp; do you think about, you know, mean comments&nbsp;&nbsp; or snark pages talking about family vlogging&nbsp; and saying it's bad?" So, let's get into that. Some people watching this are going to say&nbsp; it's because you exploit your kids. People&nbsp;&nbsp; that book roles in TV shows and movies&nbsp; and and commercials, things like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's the exact same thing. It's just we&nbsp; we have the production inside of our home. I'm going to say right off the&nbsp; bat, I hate Kyler's vibe here. The&nbsp;&nbsp; like posture that he immediately puts&nbsp; on, I'm just like, "Sir, calm down." It's the exact same thing as traditional media. No, it's not. This is blurring the lines between&nbsp; home and work. It's blurring the lines between&nbsp;&nbsp; family time, childhood, and performing. That's&nbsp; different than like being in a commercial. Some people would say that that is the&nbsp; exact problem, though. When you're in a&nbsp;&nbsp; traditional space, it's understood that it's work,&nbsp; whereas this is labor without any protection or&nbsp;&nbsp; regulation. Isn't that bad? I don't necessarily&nbsp; think it's bad. I think as a parent, you have to&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to see the situation. Okay, do our kids&nbsp; look miserable? Okay, is this a good time to film? So, to be fair, Madison then does say that she&nbsp; would support and go along with any regulations.&nbsp;&nbsp; Again, interestingly, Kyler does not. He doesn't&nbsp; say anything and then he jumps in with this. I don't feel like we're exploiting&nbsp; our kids. I think it's kind of a&nbsp;&nbsp; vicious cycle. I mean, you're doing it right now. I can't get over his posture and his facial&nbsp;&nbsp; expression. This is a man&nbsp; who's about to throw a fit. You're exploiting us and you're exploiting&nbsp; my kids right now for your gain. This is an interesting question. Okay. How&nbsp; how exploitative is the documentary genre?&nbsp;&nbsp; Is there a difference between like reality TV and&nbsp; a documentary? I would say yes. I think there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of nuance there. Not going to get into&nbsp; it now because we'll be here for four hours. It's a valid point. How do you feel about&nbsp; what we're doing? I'm allowing you to do&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I'm allowing you to do it because there's&nbsp; a story to be told. There's a story to be told. It's like, yeah, but that goes both ways.&nbsp; You're allowing this documentary crew to&nbsp;&nbsp; follow you because you thought that being&nbsp; in this documentary would be worthwhile. Why? Probably more press. the&nbsp; legitimacy of being featured in&nbsp;&nbsp; a major documentary. It's not like&nbsp; they're getting nothing out of it. There's this later scene where Justin and&nbsp; Kyler are both complaining about the haters. If you if you dive into that stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; like it actually just it actually&nbsp; just kind of messes with your brain. I can sympathize with the idea of being the&nbsp; target of a lot of hate or even like snark pages.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm sure it's not great. I'm sure it feels very&nbsp; bad. There definitely are people who go way too&nbsp;&nbsp; far in their um hatred of various creators,&nbsp; but you can't write off criticism overall. Sometimes you see these negative things out&nbsp; there like "you're using your kids" and all&nbsp;&nbsp; this kind of stuff and -- like if they only knew&nbsp; -- you just want to strangle these people. Yeah. Justin, you're on camera. My god. my kids are happy. They have great&nbsp; childhood. (we're with them!) Exactly. That's like such a big theme or that's like&nbsp;&nbsp; the message that both of these&nbsp; families try to promote is like, family vlogging is a good thing because&nbsp; we get to have the best job in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're spending time together as a&nbsp; family. We're making all this money. Yeah, we get quality time with the kids.&nbsp; So, can't criticize us cuz we're home. That negates everything else&nbsp; that could potentially be bad? Listen, I get why people may have opinions of&nbsp; 'you're forcing this on them' or you're making&nbsp;&nbsp; your kids do that. And I also think some people&nbsp; feel very validated when it comes out about&nbsp;&nbsp; a certain family. Oh my gosh, those kids were&nbsp; locked up unless they performed. They're like,&nbsp;&nbsp; I knew it. I know. That's probably&nbsp; what all these creators are doing. When something as absolutely horrifying&nbsp; as the Franke situation comes out,&nbsp;&nbsp; many fans and viewers are concerned about&nbsp; what actually goes on behind closed doors. You know, obviously we see what makes it into&nbsp; the edited videos, but we don't know what it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like. We don't know what the kids are actually&nbsp; experiencing. And I'm not saying that everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; is being harmed in that way, but as many&nbsp; like family vlogger haters say, it's like&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll wait and see when the kids get older and&nbsp; they can tell us how they really felt about it. But until that time comes, we're just&nbsp; taking the parents words. And of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; the parents tend to say, "Yeah, the kids&nbsp; love it. It's all good. Don't worry." Some people might say we're making our kids&nbsp; work. You should not do that. That is the&nbsp;&nbsp; child ab -- blah blah blah blah blah. Let's&nbsp; be very clear. We're doing most of the work.&nbsp;&nbsp; My kids show up and song and dance for&nbsp; 25 minutes or we do a fun challenge. But&nbsp;&nbsp; who's doing the work? We're editing the&nbsp; videos. I'm looking at the algorithms.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm making the thumbnails. I'm doing&nbsp; all the digital marketing, everything. Okay. You know what, Justin? I will agree&nbsp; with you. I think it is a fair point that&nbsp;&nbsp; the parents are doing the bulk of the work&nbsp; when it comes to this kind of operation. Either that or you're hiring someone else to&nbsp;&nbsp; handle it, whether that's like&nbsp; videography, lighting, editing. Though, I would still argue the&nbsp; trade-off is your kids privacy. your kids becoming famous before they can&nbsp; even understand or conceptualize social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; let alone consent to being put&nbsp; on display to that many people. You have over 100,000 subscribers and&nbsp; you don't even know what you're doing&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz you you're just having&nbsp; fun with dada, right? Yeah. Give this video 50 thousand likes! And also again, even if the&nbsp; kids are only filming for&nbsp;&nbsp; like 20 minutes at a time here&nbsp; and there, that is still work. And when you're a child, most children do not work&nbsp; in any capacity. even if it's a relatively small&nbsp;&nbsp; portion of their day. These kids are working.&nbsp; Okay. I don't think that should be like minimized. But people will say, "Well,&nbsp; if you didn't have the kid,&nbsp;&nbsp; no one would watch your videos." (laughing) Yeah! Absolutely. But I will say, if we weren't doing&nbsp; this, we'd be doing something else that I'd be&nbsp;&nbsp; equally successful in because of the drive that&nbsp; we have to be good at this. Our kids are happy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Leave us alone. We'll leave you alone and&nbsp; I'll meet you at the evolution bell curve. He thinks he just slayed us there, you know.&nbsp; Meet me at the evolution bell curve. I was&nbsp;&nbsp; like, "What does that mean?" Huh?&nbsp; Maybe I'm too dumb to understand. Next question is, "What happens to the&nbsp; money? Are we saving money for the kids?" Obviously, a major issue is these&nbsp; families are making bank off the children,&nbsp;&nbsp; off their likeness. They are the&nbsp; stars of the show. Is any of that&nbsp;&nbsp; money being saved for them? Is it&nbsp; being set aside for their future? What we're doing in the business that we've&nbsp; established is directly going to be our&nbsp;&nbsp; children's inheritance. As they grow older,&nbsp; they have a platform of people to market to. That was interesting because&nbsp; I think that's the first time&nbsp;&nbsp; I've heard a parent blatantly say like the&nbsp; inheritance is not just purely financial,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the inheritance is the business&nbsp; of the social media platforms. And that's interesting though that&nbsp; would still require the kids to&nbsp;&nbsp; continue working like take on the family&nbsp; business, take over control versus like, if the kids decided once they're older&nbsp; that they don't want to do social media,&nbsp;&nbsp; what would they be left with? I think that's a very important&nbsp; question and I want to hear numbers. Are you setting aside money&nbsp; for your children and how much? We are setting aside uh money for our kids.&nbsp; I have a certain amount that I think they&nbsp;&nbsp; should have by the time that they're&nbsp; 18 years old so they can buy a house,&nbsp;&nbsp; not so they can waste it and buy a&nbsp; Lamborghini or purses, but that's around&nbsp;&nbsp; $500,000. That should be enough. I'm not a&nbsp; fan of giving a child millions of dollars. Okay, And not to play into the phony body&nbsp; language analysis, but I was very interested&nbsp;&nbsp; when I watched this. I noticed that Ami seems&nbsp; uncomfortable. I don't know if that's with the&nbsp;&nbsp; question in general or Justin's response.&nbsp; I'm not going to read into that. Who knows?&nbsp;&nbsp; We didn't get to hear from her what her uh&nbsp; perspective is or if she agrees with that. I also wonder I'm like, okay, 500,000...&nbsp; obviously a ton of money. Anyone would be&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely lucky to like inherit that&nbsp; or have that in a trust for them. But are we talking 500,000&nbsp; for each twin or each kid,&nbsp;&nbsp; including the youngest? Yeah.&nbsp; 500,000 each by the time they're 18. I mean, again, that's a great great nest egg, but also again going back to how much they earn.&nbsp; If there were months that they were earning that&nbsp;&nbsp; $150,000 a month between AdSense and brand deals,&nbsp; or they're making 125 grand from a Nike deal,&nbsp;&nbsp; ending up with 500,000 each, even still&nbsp; seems pretty low to me. I don't know. It's hard to say like what the&nbsp; correct number is of course&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is up to a parent's&nbsp; discretion for the most part. But that's again why these rules&nbsp; and regulations can be so important&nbsp;&nbsp; because right now it's just whatever you&nbsp; want. Many of these kids they stop doing&nbsp;&nbsp; social media. They have nothing&nbsp; and that is completely unfair. We have seen many more people calling for&nbsp; increased regulation of child influencing.&nbsp;&nbsp; California recently added child&nbsp; influencers to the Coogan law.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a California state bill that&nbsp; requires that 15% of the child's&nbsp;&nbsp; earnings be placed in a trust that&nbsp; they can access once they're adults. But for many child influencers, this&nbsp; sort of protection does not exist. We are relying on the morality of the&nbsp; parents to completely self regulate. There have been a lot of people&nbsp; speculating that family vloggers&nbsp;&nbsp; have left California because of that&nbsp; law because they're trying to, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; run away from the regulations because they&nbsp; don't want to save money for the kids. I don't know if that's been&nbsp; proven to actually be true. Of course, you can speculate when somebody&nbsp; moves, you know, what their reasoning was. For the most part, a lot of those&nbsp; creators are more conservative&nbsp;&nbsp; anyway. They may just be escaping the&nbsp; liberal hell hole of California -- I love California. I miss it so much -- for more conservative places maybe that&nbsp; fit their lifestyle and and everything more. Nashville has become a uh hot spot&nbsp; for more conservative influencers.&nbsp;&nbsp; No income tax is obviously a huge benefit there. But yeah, like is that influencer law the&nbsp; primary thing driving them away? I don't know. Next critique of family vloggers&nbsp; that they address is the idea of&nbsp;&nbsp; stranger danger. This came up a&nbsp; few times throughout the series. Why are people concerned? I love how frankly naive many of&nbsp; these parents act when they're,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, faced with these kind of criticisms. What about online safety? What&nbsp; about the kids? Who's watching? Why are people concerned? Because we know that&nbsp; creeps are all over these kid and family pages. It's unfortunate. Of course, it's&nbsp; disgusting, but it's been proven.&nbsp;&nbsp; And to pretend like that's not a factor&nbsp; or that's not a part of reality is naive. There's no way of going back.&nbsp; Kind of already just in it.... Let's see how many followers&nbsp; you have, Cohen. 196,000! I do love the editing here, the juxtaposition. Again, the idea of making an Instagram&nbsp; account for my newborn seems asinine, but to be like, "Oh, cool. He has 200,000&nbsp; followers." And that's a good thing to you?? And I'm not even implying that every person&nbsp; who follows these accounts is dangerous,&nbsp;&nbsp; but like even if you're&nbsp; the nicest person on earth, why do you have this parasocial relationship&nbsp; with a literal newborn? That's weird. And again, I feel like so many parents&nbsp; when I've heard them respond to this&nbsp;&nbsp; are just not concerned or maybe they can't&nbsp; even bear to to really think about the issue because if it were me, it would drive&nbsp; me insane to like realize that maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; putting my kids out there publicly&nbsp; might be putting them in harm's way. people's concerns come from&nbsp; like yes, just basic privacy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and like, kids have a right to have&nbsp; control over their digital footprint but also again, the more information that&nbsp; you put out there -- all it takes is one&nbsp;&nbsp; weird fan being obsessed with you&nbsp; and you can have a stalker, you know let alone if you have millions of fans who are&nbsp; obsessed with you from the day you're born! but like even let's say these kids grow&nbsp; up they have their own Instagram they&nbsp;&nbsp; take control of their accounts, kids in&nbsp; general can be very vulnerable online and you never know who might&nbsp; reach out to your kids, it can be really hard for parents&nbsp; to know who they're talking to. Kids have been tricked or catfished. And yeah, it's just really a&nbsp; matter of scale because any&nbsp;&nbsp; kid online can be vulnerable to these these risks. But having millions of followers makes&nbsp; it much much much more likely that some&nbsp;&nbsp; number of those people may seek out&nbsp; your child in one way or another. There are a lot of people watching you guys. You&nbsp;&nbsp; ever noticed anything that is&nbsp; like weird even from like fans? For the most part, no... Recently on Facebook, actually, there was one&nbsp; comment and I was just like, "This is weird." And on the picture of Ava, a male commented,&nbsp; "Please keep her safe. She's my future wife." Please keep her safe. She's my future wife?? If anyone said that to me about my&nbsp; child, I would be burning the world down. And I'm sure that's not even the&nbsp; worst comment or message that&nbsp;&nbsp; they've ever received on behalf of the family. It's terrifying. You're allowing and encouraging and further&nbsp;&nbsp; deepening that parasocial&nbsp; relationship with strangers. You don't know who's out there. my my response was blocked and I went and&nbsp; just blocked. I have nothing to say to that. But it really doesn't happen often at all. People say things like, you know, you're&nbsp; putting your kids online. What if there's,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, child predators watching? And you can't control that. It is true that you can't control necessarily who&nbsp;&nbsp; watches something when you&nbsp; put it out in the public. But you can control what you post to the public. You can control, keeping your&nbsp; kids away or more protected&nbsp;&nbsp; from that versus shoving them out into the world. So for me that's like saying, "Oh,&nbsp; there's, you know, bees in the world.&nbsp;&nbsp; You should never go outside. They might&nbsp; sting you." Well, they're not right here. And the bee analogy, I'm like, I'm not arguing for&nbsp; people to be like overly paranoid or like never&nbsp;&nbsp; let their kids out into the world at all, but I&nbsp; think there's a healthy level of care and caution. And yes, this is a parenting&nbsp; decision, but like I am a parent now. I have a 9-month-old and I personally would lean&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty far on the side of caution when&nbsp; it comes to the internet and strangers. You know, my kids aren't affected&nbsp; by them right now. We're perfectly&nbsp;&nbsp; fine with protecting them in the way that we do. It's as if like it's not a real concern unless&nbsp; someone is literally banging down your door... which a lot of YouTubers and content&nbsp; creators don't actually speak about&nbsp;&nbsp; the stalkers or terrible interactions&nbsp; that they have because speaking about&nbsp;&nbsp; it publicly can encourage that kind of behavior. Probably every well-known&nbsp; and even smaller creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost every one of them has had some sort of&nbsp; a stalker or like uncomfortable fan situation. And there are people who show up at YouTubers'&nbsp; houses, you know, it's not unheard of. So, I understand being a parent and saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I'm going to handle my&nbsp; own family. I can keep them safe. But like, can you? I hope you can. click analytics and it shows&nbsp; you 30% male, mostly 35 to 44. Here's their dad, Justin, showing them their&nbsp; analytics, saying that a big portion of their&nbsp;&nbsp; audience are 30 to 40 year-old men. And&nbsp; the girls are shocked because, of course,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're young girls. They cater to a young&nbsp; female audience. Why are older men watching? Over 30% guys. That's crazy. Yes, that's crazy. And he's&nbsp; so nonchalant about it. Yeah that's crazy. A lot of people say this, like they&nbsp; say they've never been catcalled so&nbsp;&nbsp; much as when they were underage.&nbsp; And I can totally relate to that. Like, I started YouTube when&nbsp; I was literally 11 and I was&nbsp;&nbsp; posting vlogs and skits and all kinds of videos. And I never got more creepy comments and messages&nbsp; from men than when I was literally 12 or 13. It's gross. At the time, I would laugh&nbsp; at it and be like, "Ew, creepy old men." But like as an adult now, I'm&nbsp; like that's actually horrifying. Looking at the girls demographic as they&nbsp; grow up. I have to be honest in saying I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't concern myself too much with&nbsp; that because I mean it's the world. I don't concern myself with the world. Actually,&nbsp; I just don't concern myself with it. Oh, okay. You're exposing them to this or people&nbsp; who shouldn't be looking at little girls? Maybe... but those people walk&nbsp; around the world every day. Those people are out in the world.&nbsp; Yes, that's true. And often we don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know what people are really like or&nbsp; who we're walking by on the street. But again to just be like, it's&nbsp; inevitable. It's it is what it is ?? Our job is to protect our children&nbsp; generally regardless of what's going&nbsp;&nbsp; on on the internet and we keep them very&nbsp; close because that is our job as parents. I think the thing with these family channels,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a central piece of beef I have, is like&nbsp; the foundation of their existence as creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; would be absolutely rocked if they had to&nbsp; actually truly reckon with this reality. So, I think they often don't really let&nbsp; themselves think deeply about this issue. Like, they're like, "Yeah, yeah,&nbsp; weirdos exist, but like it's fine." Which like is a shocking response to me already,&nbsp; but I'm like, No, truly, really think about it. Think deeply and consider, is it&nbsp; worth having my kids out here,&nbsp;&nbsp; knowing that these people are in their audience,&nbsp;&nbsp; not knowing who those people are or if they&nbsp; may someday pass my child somewhere, you know? Is there not the questions of like, what&nbsp; if? Like what are the actual risks here? That's the wild thing is like I feel like&nbsp; they don't even acknowledge like yes,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a risk. Yeah, this is a risky decision,&nbsp; but it's a risk that we're fine taking. I honestly would rather hear&nbsp; them just blatantly say that&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of being like no, it's not an issue. It very well could be an issue and you don't&nbsp; know it's going to be an issue until it is. But again, the foundation of family vlogging&nbsp;&nbsp; requires you being okay with putting&nbsp; your kids out publicly to the world. And if you decided that you&nbsp; weren't a fan of that anymore,&nbsp;&nbsp; you would be forced to remove your kids from&nbsp; the internet, which many people have done. Many creators now don't show their&nbsp; kids anymore, even if they used to. And I love seeing people do that because&nbsp; you can change your mind. It's not too late. Yes, there's tons of videos and pictures of&nbsp; them out there, but like you can at least&nbsp;&nbsp; stop today and at least stop continuing&nbsp; to expose them to more and more people. At least give them the power to&nbsp; later rejoin social media once&nbsp;&nbsp; they're old enough to truly consent&nbsp; to that and handle it themselves. Like, yeah, you can't keep your kids in a bubble.&nbsp; You can't protect them from every sort of harm. But all of that being said,&nbsp;&nbsp; all this talk of like we're not concerned&nbsp; about creeps or people in the real world, the McClures also in this series&nbsp; show that they threw a birthday party&nbsp;&nbsp; for their 2-year-old son and invited&nbsp; the public. They invited their fans. It was actually a fan-only event to&nbsp; come celebrate this toddler's birthday. I understand doing like meet and greets&nbsp; and meeting fans like at a VidCon or a&nbsp;&nbsp; convention or even like if you put&nbsp; together your own fan event, sure. But like choosing to have&nbsp; the youngest kid's birthday&nbsp;&nbsp; as the venue is like a little interesting to me. 40 kids, 60 adults, a bunch&nbsp; of people we don't know. Can you just explain a little bit about&nbsp; how you maybe vetted some of these people? Basically had like trivia questions&nbsp; and video questions and questions&nbsp;&nbsp; about Jersey and the family. At what age&nbsp; did Big Boy Jersey take his first steps? I really wanted to see who had&nbsp; something genuine to say... which I'm like, that's not vetting. That's&nbsp; just showing that like they are a fan of&nbsp;&nbsp; yours. They know a lot of information about your&nbsp; family, but does that mean that they're safe? Again, you don't know who's showing up to this. We're being smart. We have security&nbsp; coming. Um, things like that... because I mean, I'm sure&nbsp; everyone is innocent enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we have to always protect our family.&nbsp; That's just, you know, number one priority. I love fan conventions. I love that&nbsp; people are able to meet, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the artists and the creators that&nbsp; they love and get to speak with&nbsp;&nbsp; them in person and let them know how&nbsp; much they like their work. I get that. But I think first of all that's fine for adults,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe okay for teenagers, but&nbsp; still. But like a two-year-old? And again, many of these fans were just&nbsp; sweeties who were like, "I'm a grandma and&nbsp;&nbsp; I miss my grandkids being young and it makes&nbsp; me happy to watch your kids." Okay, sure. Again, parasocial relationship with your kid. I'd be a little weirded out,&nbsp; but like seems harmless, right? I just cut my television off because I want&nbsp; to dedicate a certain number of hours to just&nbsp;&nbsp; watching them. I raised four daughters and&nbsp; they're all in their 20s now. So, I miss&nbsp;&nbsp; that that baby phase and it's like I'm getting&nbsp; it back from watching them raise their kids... and they're kind of like my kids and I really&nbsp; appreciate that you share them with us. Mhm. But as we've seen with like Christina Grimmie,&nbsp;&nbsp; you never know who might show up to this&nbsp; event and all it takes is one person. So, it's just an interesting&nbsp; weighing of risk factors to me. And then the poor kid while he's at this party,&nbsp;&nbsp; he wants to go home. He's tired. He's&nbsp; over stimulated. And they're like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "No, we got to stay here. All these&nbsp; people came for you." He's 2 years old. Go back home. Go back home. You hear him?&nbsp; I think he wants to go home. Ready? Say&nbsp;&nbsp; hi. He wants to go home. But he's&nbsp; having a good time. I know he is. There's a lot more that I need to skip&nbsp; cuz I've gone way too deep into this. But there were sections about like, you know,&nbsp; the stresses of the algorithm that we all&nbsp;&nbsp; experience and chasing trends and feeling&nbsp; obligated to just do whatever's popular and family channels definitely&nbsp; experience that as well. And especially when it comes to kids trends,&nbsp; like you're doing all the weirdest things cuz&nbsp;&nbsp; you're like, I don't know, kids are into&nbsp; slime and like hidden rooms or whatever. And like a big portion of this was about pranks. The fish fam had done a bunch of pranks like&nbsp; pranking my husband that my water broke,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was so clearly like not even a real prank. That's my thing is I'm like, "Okay,&nbsp; pranks are the scourge of YouTube." But like at least a real prank, a genuine&nbsp; prank where someone is actually surprised,&nbsp;&nbsp; that can be good sometimes. Okay,&nbsp; it can be kind of satisfying. But once you know that your&nbsp; family does pranks a lot,&nbsp;&nbsp; like everyone always knows that a prank is coming. And also, most of the time&nbsp; it's not even an actual prank. They're acting like it's a prank. And that one I'm like, Kyler and Madison,&nbsp;&nbsp; you guys were pursuing acting and you&nbsp; were not very good in these videos. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Okay,&nbsp; we really need to go. Tell me&nbsp;&nbsp; where the bag's at and I'll go figure it&nbsp; out. Okay. What do you need? Tell me... Anyways, and it did 6.2 million&nbsp; views, had 102,000 likes. So, naturally, like we want to do it again,&nbsp; you know, cuz we got to get the views! So, now we're going to prank the kids. But like&nbsp; kids don't understand what water breaking means. I've been having really bad cramps. We might&nbsp; need to pack a hospital bag. I think your&nbsp;&nbsp; baby brother might be coming today. If my&nbsp; water breaks, that means the baby's coming. It's like the kids are just confused. What was that? Did my water just break? You&nbsp; guys, the baby's coming out, in my backyard! Then the McClures had also, you&nbsp; know, dipped their toes into pranks. There was a prank going around arguing in&nbsp; front of our kids. And so today's video&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be me disrespecting&nbsp; Ami to get the kids reaction. Love that concept. Hilarious. So they stage this argument in front&nbsp; of the girls and the girls get upset&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're like, "Is this real? Please tell us." It seems like I'm the only one in this&nbsp; family working hard doing things. Three&nbsp;&nbsp; bozos right here. Especially that one right there. (Is this real... is this real?) It's very real. This is pissing me off so much.&nbsp; I have another girlfriend. Looks&nbsp;&nbsp; better than your mom. She's smarter than your mom. And then eventually the kids get&nbsp; upset because they're confused. They're used to filming and&nbsp; they know cameras are set up,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the line between real and fake&nbsp; is confusing, especially for a child. Are we filming? Are we acting? You don't know what's genuine or what's scripted,&nbsp; especially when you're pranking your own kids. So then they turned it into a&nbsp; family lesson that it's wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; to prank your kids or lie to your kids. And um... Why did he do that? I think that he thought that it&nbsp; might be a good video, I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think he expected you guys to be upset like that. (I don't like the video) I understand&nbsp; that. (It's the worst thing ever.) Don't&nbsp;&nbsp; do pranks anymore. We won't do those&nbsp; types of pranks ever again, okay? So finally we get to the end of this&nbsp; and a big remaining question is, what happens when the kids&nbsp; of family channels grow up? Everybody loves a toddler. They're&nbsp; hilarious. They say the darndest things. But that's like the peak of cuteness&nbsp; on family channels. As they get older,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of times the audience gets less interested. You know, oh, who wants to watch an&nbsp; 8-year-old? No offense to the 8-year-olds!! but you can focus on the younger and younger&nbsp; kids, but eventually you stop having kids&nbsp;&nbsp; and all the kids start to grow up and you&nbsp; think, hm, our views are dropping. What next? I found that what's his name? Not Ryder. What's&nbsp;&nbsp; his name? Kyler. Dad Kyler is&nbsp; pursuing a country music career. And I wanted to laugh at it at first, but&nbsp; then I realized I'm like, you know what?&nbsp;&nbsp; People pursuing art is cool. All right. Is&nbsp; it a genuine passion or is it just another&nbsp;&nbsp; like cash grab? I don't know. But like I don't&nbsp; WANT to make fun of people for pursuing music. But then I found that Cole Labrant&nbsp; from the Labrant family is also&nbsp;&nbsp; pursuing music kind of right now.&nbsp; He made a song called Swag Daddy. And I definitely want to make fun of that. I'm like, you know what? If it's just you&nbsp;&nbsp; do it. Whatever these parents&nbsp; want to pursue, that's great. Another major thing that these parents&nbsp; obviously do is they try to launch businesses. Everybody knows that YouTubers try to move&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond just YouTube. You want&nbsp; to do bigger and better things. The Fish Fam have created drink blocks,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is flavored water for kids in&nbsp; these stackable buildable containers in case you would like to&nbsp; start hoarding your kids trash. Snuggle gloves that are a toy,&nbsp;&nbsp; but really like a pillow on on a&nbsp; glove. I don't know the point of that but their their biggest venture so far is&nbsp; Wittles, which is a "healthy" chocolate milk. Then with the McClures, Ami started&nbsp; a skincare brand called Gleam Beauty and Justin invented the Ultralite,&nbsp; which is like a little light that&nbsp;&nbsp; goes on your tripod for filming and it's&nbsp; been backed by Daymond from Shark Tank. That's cool. You know, I I totally&nbsp; support people looking into new ventures. Final thoughts. Overall, I enjoyed this series. I don't think it it gave as many&nbsp; like shocking revelations as I&nbsp;&nbsp; would like to see, but that's&nbsp; probably like more realistic. We didn't really get to see&nbsp; like the long-term impact&nbsp;&nbsp; from the kids themselves because&nbsp; the kids are still pretty young. Ava and Alexis are I think they&nbsp; just turned 12 and then Tatum and&nbsp;&nbsp; Oakley are I believe 8 years old,&nbsp; so they're still pretty young. Um though the McClure twins have&nbsp; started to like become a lot more&nbsp;&nbsp; active in the social media work and I think&nbsp; they have a better understanding of it now. Still though, I really do think it&nbsp; it takes waiting until kids are a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot older and maybe even removed&nbsp; from the social media situation&nbsp;&nbsp; for them to be able to reflect and&nbsp; think about how they actually feel. And I'm sure their feelings change over time. I'm sure there are good happy memories.&nbsp; I'm sure they enjoyed making bank, but I I assume that there's very complicated&nbsp; feelings when it comes to the experience&nbsp;&nbsp; of being raised online from the time&nbsp; that you were at least like a toddler. There's also a question of like how will the&nbsp; kids react once they are able to read comments. for a long time, parents can&nbsp; protect the kids from that like,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're not able to look at it or&nbsp; they're not allowed to read comments but eventually you will or like kids at&nbsp; school will show you things or tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; what people are maybe saying&nbsp; about your family online -- which is really difficult&nbsp; as a kid, even as an adult. I'm like couldn't this documentary just wait&nbsp;&nbsp; five more years and we could&nbsp; get like a full 10 year span. Let's just do Boyhood, but like&nbsp; family vlogger version, right? Then to wrap up, Daisy and Ethan, the&nbsp; aspiring family vloggers. Spoiler,&nbsp;&nbsp; their channel did not blow up. I think they made like, you know, 5 to 10 videos. So, I wouldn't say that's enough to like build&nbsp; momentum and and potentially gain a following, but by the end, Ethan didn't want to do social&nbsp;&nbsp; media anymore, and he was kind of&nbsp; embarrassed about his old videos. But the mom, frustratingly, Daisy, is still like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I really hope Ethan would get back into it.&nbsp; Oh, maybe our younger kid can do social media." It's like, hello, lady. Like,&nbsp; again, if you want to do this,&nbsp;&nbsp; make your own channel. Stop forcing it&nbsp; on the kids. They don't want to do it. Ethan even specifically asked&nbsp; his mom to delete the old videos&nbsp;&nbsp; because he's embarrassed about them and she&nbsp; wouldn't. And I think that's pretty uncool. Like, even though he's only like 10 or&nbsp; 11, I think. I think it's important to&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to your kids's wishes, especially&nbsp; on a channel that has like basically no&nbsp;&nbsp; followers anyway. It's like you don't have&nbsp; anything to lose. You don't have to delete&nbsp;&nbsp; the videos. You can private them. you can&nbsp; save them for yourselves, but like I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know why you would keep that public if that would&nbsp; potentially hurt your kid and make them feel bad. So, that is that. I hope you enjoyed today's video. Thank you to the Born to Be Viral&nbsp; team for reaching out to me. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was a -- It was very cool to be asked my&nbsp; perspective on a couple of these things. Also, oh my god, I forgot to mention my haircut.&nbsp; My haircut's kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, actually. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; not at all what I asked for. It It wasn't meant to&nbsp; look like this, but it's fine. Hair grows. Okay. And thank you again to Ritual&nbsp; for sponsoring today's video.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can click the link in the&nbsp; description to check them out. Last thing, I want to promote uh my latest videos&nbsp;&nbsp; because the algorithm is tough and we are&nbsp; all struggling in the attention economy. If you haven't seen my last few uploads,&nbsp; please consider checking them out. A couple of them are close to 200,000 and&nbsp; that'd be great if we could break through there. I've covered millennial optimism,&nbsp; irony, and cringe, ChatGPT, and my last video was about how&nbsp; motherhood should radicalize you. essentially about how being a mother&nbsp; and a parent in the United States is&nbsp;&nbsp; absolutely insane and I don't know how we survive. My silver lining is that other countries are able&nbsp; to take better care of people and I believe that&nbsp;&nbsp; we can someday too. Okay. Always got to believe&nbsp; in a better future otherwise I will just implode. K thanks bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @tiffanyferg [130 likes]: Hope y'all enjoy this one!! // Thank you to Ritual for sponsoring this video! Get 30% off your first month: https://ritual.com/tiffanyferg
  2. @Weloveturkeyshereinvt [3 likes]: Love that the dad is so uneducated he doesn't know the definition of 'exploitation.'
  3. @Sgtbirdie [2 likes]: 29:48 I really appreciate being raised on a part of Tumblr where people drilled into younger users to not post pictures of yourself and do not give out your age/info
  4. @keciaaskew5166 [1 likes]: I don’t like family vloggers. These families are literally trying to make their kids work and making money off their children. These families need to get a real job. I feel really bad for these children, these families aren’t protecting their children they only trying to make money that’s it. Children are not pawns. 🤦‍♀️🙄
  5. @Legeritytv [1 likes]: I think it's very telling how many family vlogs left California after they passed a law requiring a portion of online revenue needs to be put aside in a trust for the kids. This isn't about having fun, it's about exploiting their kids for every penny
  6. @vikvaaael [1 likes]: 15:38  yes dude it's the same thing talk to the child stars about how fun it was to be a child star, at least kids in movies have some semblance of labor laws
  7. @vicnlevi: 5:10 lmao nobody's telling you to stop having a family or having fun family time, we're just saying that exposing your kids to millions of strangers online and exploiting their entire lives for content is harmful 😭
  8. @vicnlevi: Adding another little layer to the topic here: as a trans person, I cannot even imagine how awful it would've been to be exposed and shared like this as a child, with my deadname plastered everywhere and known to millions of people, maybe even in articles and documentaries later on, which I could never truly escape. Dealing with a few dozen people having known my deadname and deleting stuff from the old 'fake me' is already hard enough, and I only started having more Internet access than just Gmail in my teen years.

A child is a person in the making. They don't know much about themselves or who they wanna be yet. They did not consent to any of this, because they *can't*. They are not aware enough.

They are not supposed to be watched by millions (or thousands... tbh even hundreds is too much) of random people for entertainment.
  9. @margojanus7109: As someone who is Mormon, I have the view of family vlogging IS Satan's plan... like, they're not thinking about how it'll affect their kids? Will their kids have a relationship with them when they're older? Literally their job will tear their family apart, and it gives dangerous people access to your kids, so... don't know where they got that viewpoint from.
  10. @BizzieBee: late finding this video, but I wanted to echo other commenters and say I appreciate that you took the time and effort to blur the kids' faces!
  11. @RoyNakazzi-g5x: Money can buy for you temporary happiness and God gives you eternal happiness.
  12. @justthingstbh6061: "This might shock you, but they're Mormon" nothing could have shocked me less
  13. @beelzeburrito: These parents hate their kids. They’re just props.
  14. @lb1203: Is it too intense to just say out loud that men are pleasuring themselves to pictures of their daughters?! That needs to just be stated. It's not really the risk of if they show up to their house and kidnap one of them, it's that these pictures and videos are allowing these men to indulge in an underage fantasy. Also with AI they can take just a normal photo of your child and turn it into full on inappropriate child images. I think that just needs to be said clearly.
  15. @rebeccajesse4604: Don’t prank your kids. Just don’t. Especially pranks that can be violent or traumatic-which arguing can be. I’m not just being a “snowflake” when I say that. I still have memories from when I was 2 years old burned into my head of turning up the TV to try and block the noise. It’s fuzzy but still there. Plus, causing emotional distress is not the point of a prank, it’s supposed to make EVERYONE laugh. Otherwise it’s just bullying.
  16. @rebeccajesse4604: “There’s predators in the world, walking down the street”. Okay, but they don’t know my name, where I live, my house layout, my parents jobs and schedule. They don’t have a built in excuse to come up and talk to me. They don’t have millions of image at the ready to “fantasize” over. That’s the benefit of anonymity as a child. Being offline and anonymous doesn’t make the predators go away, but it severely limits their access to the children.
  17. @rebeccajesse4604: Bwahaha I don’t quite understand what the “evolution bell curve” is supposed to mean the way he says it….1) evolution doesn’t happen fast enough for you to make any difference and the only difference you could possibly make can be undone by your offspring. 2) a bell curve is not the graph you want to be in if you are trying to show you’re “better” than anyone. If you are on a bell curve you want to be in the middle since that’s where the majority is and where the data is most robust. Basically, the further away from the middle (the majority) the more likely you will just be dismissed as an outlier. Plus, you can’t really apply statistics to one person. So, he is either fundamentally misunderstanding both concepts, I am missing something, or he thinks he’s so special that he alone can intentionally affect evolution and he would be a “good” outlier (not really a “good” thing in statistics or data sets)?
  18. @swampgoddess62: Traumatizing kids for views is disgusting 37:38
  19. @MMMNemesis: I once saw a clip with a baby eating a banana and it was weirdly long and I thought "Who on earth watches this?" because it was so uninteresting. And then one person commented on it that apparently some parents do this because it makes more people click on it, and who are those people? The parents fully know who the audience is that wants to watch their babies put banana shaped objects in their mouths and THEY DO NOT CARE.
  20. @igottahavemore: Madison Fisher literally branded her twins. She's a pimp.

- I Analyzed 1,000 Viral TikTok Shop Affiliate Videos, Here's What Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en I've analyzed thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos and what I discovered completely changed the way I approach affiliate marketing in 2025. You see, most people think they understand what converts a Tik Tok shop video to sales. But after studying countless successful campaigns, I can tell you that 90% of what you think is true is completely wrong. And I know this because I tracked literally everything. View count, engagement rate, conversions, how long is a video, when did they post the video, what product type is it, you name it. The data does not lie. For example, some of the highest converting videos that I studied had less than 50,000 views, while some of the super viral videos that I studied converted at less than.1%. Which means that viral doesn't always mean it's converting. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the patterns, the formulas, and the strategies that separate the videos that are making serious money and actually converting from the videos that are just racking up views and not converting. So, grab a pen and a piece of paper because this is going to be one of the straight value videos where I just share insights that could save you months of trial and error. Let's jump straight in. Here's the first major discovery that kind of caught me off guard. The most viral videos are not necessarily the most profitable. I've seen videos with 5 million views that don't really convert that well. And then I've seen videos with 200,000 views, for example, that are converting machines. And the difference isn't luck, it's strategy. You see, videos that are made purely to go viral often sacrifice conversion elements. They focus on things like entertainment value, shock factor, trending audios rather than actually just selling the product. Meanwhile, the videos that balance the entertainment along with clear product benefits consistently outperform the pure viral content when it comes to sales. But here's the most important thing to actually remember. The sweet spot that I've discovered is videos that hit anywhere between 100,000 views and 800,000 views with high engagement rates. These videos have enough reach to generate significant sale volume, but they also maintain focus messaging that is needed to drive conversions. The message here is crucial. Don't chase millions of views if it means you're sacrificing the conversion element. A targeted 500,000 views will make you way more money than an unargeted 5 million view video every single time. But views are just the beginning. What I discovered about how top creators actually showcase their product will completely change how you film in the next video. They use something called contract principle. And this completely changed the way I think about product demonstration. Here's the thing. The highest converting videos don't just show the product working. They show the product working compared to the problem that it solves. This before and after approach creates an immediate visual impact which drives conversions through the roof. So for example, opposed to showing a phone case and how it, you know, protects the phone. A great example of this would be showing a phone case breaking and then showing the same scenario where the phone case would solve the problem and save the phone from breaking. This contrast creates an emotional response that regular product demos simply just can't match. And here's why it works so well. It mirrors why people actually make purchasing decisions. They're not just buying your product. They're buying the transformation from their current problem state to their desired solution state. And here's where it gets really interesting. This approach works across every product category. Skincare, show skin issues and then show the improvement. Fitness products, show the struggle and then show the ease. For homegoods, show the mess and inefficiency and then show the solution and how organized it is. For tech products, show the frustration with current options and then show your product solving it. The possibilities here are endless. But here are the key insights to make it actually work. The contrast has to be dramatic and immediate. The bigger the visual difference between the problem and the solution, the higher your conversion rates will be. Now, creating a perfect contrast video is great, but what happens after you go viral? This is where most creators completely drop the ball, costing them thousands of dollars of potential profit. You see, the money isn't in just one viral video. It's in what you do immediately after going viral. I've noticed creators who go viral but don't make significant sales are missing a crucial element, and it's follow-ups. The most successful Tik Tok shop creators use what I call the follow-up formula. And here's what it looks like. Day one, your video goes viral. Day two and three, you can answer the most common questions in the comments. Day four and five, you can create video responses that are addressing purchase objections. And then day six and seven, you can share social proof or testimonial content. And here's why it works so well. When your video goes viral, the Tik Tok algorithm keeps pushing your videos to people who viewed your content previously. This is pretty much just creating a retargeting effect without spending money on ads. The key insight here is this. The viral video attracts attention and hopefully sales, but your follow-up videos convert that attention into a lot of sales. Most creators will make the mistake of trying to go viral again opposed to capitalizing on the existing attention. I've studied creators who consistently convert viral moments into a lot of sales, and they all follow this pattern. They become way more salesy in their follow-up content, directly addressing purchase intent with clear call to actions. Here's the cool thing about it. Your follow-up videos don't need to go crazy viral. They just need to convert the warm audience that already exists created by the viral video. For example, you can do common replies with questions like, "Where can I buy this? What size is it? Is it worth the price? Do they have different colors? But here's where it gets even more interesting. Not all viral content is actually good for your business. In fact, some videos can completely destroy your long-term earning potential. I call this good viral versus bad viral, and the difference determines whether you make money or just waste time. Good viral videos actually work because people genuinely want the product. The engagement is purchase intent focused. Comments asking, "Where can I buy this? Let me know when they restock." Bad viral videos don't work due to controversy, shock factor, or entertainment that's way far away from the product. that has nothing to do with the product. These videos can get millions of views, but they attract the wrong audience and can end up getting literally zero sales. The lesson, don't chase viral moments that aren't aligned with your sales goals. A video with a 100,000 views from people who actually want to buy will always outperform a video with a million views from people who are just entertained. And here's how to make sure you never make that mistake. When creating content, ask yourself, would someone who loves this video also want to buy the product? If the answer is no, don't post it, no matter how viral it might go. Understanding this principle is crucial, but there's something even more important happening behind the scenes that most creators don't even know about. And it explains why some terrible videos consistently outperform professional content. You see, Tik Tok makes money when people buy through the shop feature. It's around 6% on every single sale. This means that they're financially incentivized to push videos that drive purchases, not just views. I've studied hundreds of simple videos, seemingly bad videos that were pushed consistently. They were getting a massive reach and a lot of sales. The common thread wasn't really production quality of the video. It was conversions. Tik Tok's algorithm has learned to find videos that are leading to purchases and they reward those videos with increased distribution regardless of traditional engagement metrics. This creates such a unique opportunity. You can succeed with simple phone videos if you focus on salriving content over entertainment value and the algorithm will amplify your content because guess what? It's profitable for Tik Tok. And here's what this means for you. Focus on clear product benefits over viral trends. Prioritize purchase intent over entertainment value. Use very direct CTAs or call to actions opposed to just like subtly suggesting they buy it. And last, show the products solving a real problem immediately. The most successful videos that I found that converted the best weren't really the most creative or entertaining. They were just the most effective at driving immediate purchase decision. Tik Tok rewards effectiveness over creativity in the shop feature every single day of the week. And now let me share some more actionable insights of videos that I found work best for each niche. For beauty products, it seems like transformation focused videos like before and after elements perform the best. The key in my opinion is showing real immediate results opposed to long-term benefits people want things. Now for fashion items, I've seen a lot of stuff of people wearing multiple outfits with one item. So wearing shorts and then showing a bunch of different outfits you can wear with it. Versatility is the biggest selling point for homegoods. problem-solving demonstrations of the product in real homes, like in real environments, crushes just, you know, showing the product on camera. People need to see a problem and solution, and they need to see the product fit in their actual life. For electronics, comparison content that positions the product against a more expensive alternative, value proposition here is everything. For health and wellness, it seems that personal story content with like a genuine story, it just feels super relatable and it converts best. People need to trust the creator before trusting the product. Now, if you make sure to take all these key insights into account when making your next video, I promise you're going to see your conversion rates spike up. And to finish off, I'll share the three core algorithm principles that make your videos seem highquality versus lowquality in the eyes of Tik Tok. First, the algorithm definitely seems to prioritize authentic engagement over artificial metrics. Videos with genuine comments and meaningful interactions get boosted, while content with hollow engagement gets suppressed. Second, Tik Tok definitely seems to reward educational videos. Videos that can teach, inform, and solve problems consistently outperform videos that just entertain when it comes to conversions. And then third, the algorithm favors creators who consistently drive sales. When your videos regularly result in sales, Tik Tok, I think, sees you as valuable in the shop ecosystem, and they're going to keep pushing your videos. Understanding these algorithm preferences allows you to work with the algorithm opposed to against it. Now, after studying thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos throughout my career, the pattern tells a clear story. Success isn't always about following trends and copying what other people are doing. It's about understanding the psychology of your audience as well as the mechanics of the platform that you're posting on. The creators that are consistently making a lot of money with Tik Tok shop aren't just getting lucky with viral content. They follow specific datadriven strategies that maximize not just reach, but also conversions. The patterns I've shared today represent years of studying successful campaigns and could literally save you months of trial and error. But here's the biggest thing. Knowing the information is only valuable if you implement it. So my challenge to you is very simple. Take one insight, only one insight from what I talked about today, and apply it in your next 10 videos. Track your results and see how it's impacted your performance. And then come back to this video and choose another key element and keep doing that until you nail all of them. Now, if you want access to even deeper insights, specific product recommendations, and my complete Tik Tok shop system that I've used to generate over a million dollars in the past 8 months, click the link in the description to see if you're a good fit for my community. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @naturecaught-1 [2 likes]: people give this content in paid courses and you have provided everything on youtube salute you man
  2. @bigppwillywonka3 [1 likes]: BUY MY COURSE PLEASE 😂🤡🤡🤡
  3. @ShadowManStudios-g6q [1 likes]: The biggest hurdle for most getting 5,000 followers in order to join Tik Tok shop affiliate.
  4. @oswaldoguilarte165: La creatividad digital  debe ser aprovecha por el sistema de pagos de IPweb como una opción de integración  en la nueva tecnología
  5. @Vnx_cr77: Do you have any suggestions, recommendations or tips for book promotion? I promote self help books
  6. @ArtsyLifeStudio: I have a mail club called letters from the garden and how could i create shock factor through art? Ive been trying for years and i had one video go viral from animating my character but i did follow up but im not sure how to balance the viral and audience who want to buy my art that show the difference between the busy digital world versus my slow simple life art
  7. @pepeltr91: Do you have any advice for a leather jacket brand?
  8. @monicapainter11: Thanks for this. Amazing valuable info
  9. @thekeychange: This was fantastic thank you
  10. @absolutelyaryana: You’re so right. I just got active with tts three and a half weeks ago. I have four out of 25 videos with sales and only one product is actually selling on two videos but they were the ONLY videos where I was legit showing a tech product comparing it to other options and showed it solving an in the moment problem immediately.
  11. @strangefruitugc: I saw a 10 pack is men’s shorts in the Product Marketplace and thought about you 😅
  12. @Multi-AccountMastery: C.J., solid data-driven breakdown and the contrast principle is proven. But most creators commit to ONE product angle (like skincare vs fitness vs tech) and burn 2-3 months before realizing the conversion rate is dead. Smart move: test 3-4 product angles in parallel for 7 days—use aged accounts from accsmarket to skip TikTok Shop's 14-day trust-score grind, post identical value but frame it for different avatars, measure which gets best CTR and actual sales, THEN commit your main account to the winner. You compress validation from months to one week and don't waste 80% of your content budget on a dead-end product.
  13. @hadihasanxhartanah: need to post 3 videos per day is a myth?
  14. @MikeandMichelleMeskel: I’ve got some of these pieces in place.. but need to fine tune some things. Thanks for this video.
  15. @naturecaught-1: amazing bro
  16. @DarleneVibes: 💯 🔥🔥🔥 No bs, straight to point, the whole video is MEAT!  Thank-you so much for being real and give us the meat!
  17. @buhaykalsada1992: thank you!!!
  18. @TogoatshiOP: Good video ngl
  19. @alex.cochrane: Fire
  20. @texanscheer09: Thank you SM🖤🖤🖤

- The Easiest Way to Make Viral Content (For ANY Business): Kind: captions Language: en If you want to grow faster on social media, I'm going to explain exactly how to do it. Because the truth is, if you run a business and are struggling to grow, you're probably just approaching the content game with a suboptimal strategy. Now, here's the secret. The most common mistake business owners make is that they're spread too thin. You're on so many platforms, so many shiny objects, you try to be everywhere, but nothing ends up working. And the reason is because you're doing too many things too poorly. All you really need to build a massive business is a single content engine on one social platform. That's it. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the full process for how to actually figure out what content strategy you should be running for your business. And this ensures you're making the right content on the right platform so the right viewers become the right buyers. By the way, my name's Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done a billion views. And content is all I do all day long. Okay. Hey, now before I break down the content strategy process, let me just remind you of the goal. As a business owner, all we need to do is build a single content engine. Think of a content engine like a magic box. We put a fixed amount of time making content in one side and then as it runs, we get an exponentially increasing number of customers out the other. It's literally a money printer. If we can make one of these, we win big. So, if you're a business owner, the million-doll question is this. How can I build a content engine without wasting a ton of time, money, and effort? And here's the answer. The most important step in building a sustainable content engine is figuring out where to play. And what this really means is spending the time to pick the right content platform and the right content type that will work best for your business. Cuz that's the funny thing. Picking where to play is actually way more important than figuring out how to play. A weak fisherman in a pond full of fish is going to eat better than an expert fisherman in an empty one. So, I want to walk through a four-step filtering process to help you figure out which content platform and content type you should be making for your business. All right. So, in this first step, all we're going to do is understand our options. Remember, ultimately, we're going to end up picking a single content platform and a single content type. Okay. So, for social platforms, you have these 10 options. Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, Facebook, Snapchat, LinkedIn, X, Threads, Substack, and Spotify. And for content types, you have these eight options. Short text, long text, short form video, medium form video like on YouTube, long- form video podcast, audio only podcast, static images, and then ephemeral or expiring stories. Now, let's link all of those platforms and all those content types together to figure out the full list of options we have to choose from. And I'm not going to read every single one out loud, but just so you can see what we're doing here. On Instagram, you could do static images, ephemeral Instagram stories, or short form videos. On Tik Tok, you could do ephemeral stories or short form videos, and so on, all the way down. Essentially, there are 31 different combinations that you could pick from to build a content engine. And remember, we're going to get down to a single combination, and I'm going to explain all the way through how to think about the logic for picking which one works best for your business. Okay, now let's start ruling some of them out that don't make sense to do. All right, first things first. for your hero content engine. If you could only pick one, you definitely want a platform and content type combo that has an algorithm that will push your content to new viewers. This is critical for tapping into the exponentially increasing customers and part of what makes organic content so valuable. As you may have experienced, content is a really hard game if you're limited to only getting eyeballs of people that already follow you. This is content on hard mode. The invention of for you algorithms created a way for you to be able to get strangers to see your content without having them follow you first. So, we want to make sure we're taking advantage of that feature as best we can. When we're selecting our hero platform and type combination, we need to make sure there is a discovery feed where new people can see our stuff and there's an algorithm pushing our stuff to that discovery feed. For that reason, we're going to cross off static images, ephemeral stories, and audio only podcasts off the list. All three of those content types can work to deepen engagement with your existing audience, but they're really not good for getting new viewers into the pipeline. The algorithms just don't work that way for those types of content. Okay, so after crossing all the instances of those three content types off the list, this is what we're left with. Next, we're going to rule out Substack as an option for your primary content channel. And if you don't know Substack, it's an email newsletter platform. As you'll see later, having an email list and a newsletter is a vital back-end component that you want to pair with one of your hero platform combos, but it's not good as the primary because it doesn't have enough discoverability. So, we're crossing it off. We're also going to cross off Spotify long- form video podcast as well. There just isn't enough discoverability from scratch for this to be your main content platform. Okay, so now after crossing all that off, we're left with these options. On Instagram, you could do short form videos. On Tik Tok, you could do short form videos. On YouTube, you could do short form videos, medium form videos like this one, or long form video podcasts. On Facebook, you could do short text posts, long text post, short form videos, or medium form videos. On Snapchat, you could do short form videos. On LinkedIn, you could do short form text, long form text, short form videos, or medium form videos. On X, you could do short form text, long form text, short form videos, medium form videos, or long form video podcasts. And on threads, you could do short form text, long form text, and short form video. We've got eight platforms and five content types left. 22 combinations total. One of these combinations is where you want to start playing for your business and build your primary content engine. Okay. Now, at this point in the video, most people watching are probably thinking the same thing. Bro, can you just tell me which combination of platform and content type has the most growth with the least effort that'll give me the most results for my business? Everybody's probably thinking that and I'll tell you my opinion in a second. But the truth is your content strategy should vary based on the type of customer you're attracting for your business. Any person advising you on a content strategy that is one sizefits-all. No matter who you are, they should be fired immediately. The truth is every single one of the combinations we have left could be a viable strategy for a certain type of business. So now we're going to go through the foolproof process from here for how you whittle down that list of 22 to the exact right one for you. And before we do that, I just want to say if you're a business owner and you're trying to improve your content, you like these types of videos. I built a free community called Wavy World with 25,000 other entrepreneurs. They're all working together to improve their content. There's free trainings, tutorials, guides, everything you need is in there. I've got a free invite link in the description if you want to join. Okay, now we're moving to step two. The first step was really just laying out all of the options, seeing the field, and then crossing off the obvious nose. Now, we're left with 22 combos. Where do we go from here? Step two is to understand what I call the hero conversion type for each platform. And what this means is that each platform has a certain content type that works better than all the others. It grows faster, it pushes it harder, and generally it's the best fit if you're going to make content for that platform. The platform will push all the other types, but the conversion will be nowhere near as good as the hero conversion type. Think of this like finding the sweet spot where you can unlock the most growth for the least effort on each platform. Okay, here's what the hero conversion type looks like for each platform. On Instagram, the hero conversion type is short form videos with reals. That's what it's pushing the most right now. On Tik Tok, the hero conversion type is also short form videos with Tik Toks. On YouTube, the hero conversion type is medium form videos, 10 to 30 minute videos like this one. On Facebook, it's short form videos with Facebook reels. On Snapchat, it's short form videos with Snapchat Spotlight. On LinkedIn, it's either short form text or short form videos with the newly launched LinkedIn Shorts product. On X and Threads, it's short form text. So, these hero conversion types are the ones that you want to go with if you're making content for that respective platform. They will just push it more and you'll get more bang for buck. This is how people consume mostly on those platforms. It's not to say you can't win with the other content types on those platforms, but it's way easier to win if you pick the hero conversion type. And I feel like nobody explains the logic or rationale behind their take. So, let me just quickly explain why for certain platforms, these are the hero conversion type and the ones you want to make. For Instagram, Tik Tok, and Snapchat, it's easy. On our list, short form video is the only one left for those platforms. No debate there. For YouTube, there are some options. We had three content types left. Shorts, medium form, and long form video podcasts. Now, shorts are pushed really heavily, but they're going to convert poorly. Hero conversion type. If you want them to convert for your business, shorts is not it. And that's because the quality of the view on a YouTube short is just much weaker. People aren't in a buying state when they're watching them. They can make your subscribers look way bigger way faster, but the conversion will not be there. No legitimate business other than media channels are building only using YouTube shorts. For long- form video podcasts on YouTube, these can be insane for conversion, but they're really, really hard to grow. channels that are launching long- form video podcasts are going to grow 5 to 10 times slower than ones that are dedicating to medium- form videos. And that's because psychologically for a new viewer, 60 minutes on a small channel for one video is a lot to bite off. People just don't click. I really like the long form video podcast angle for a business, but not as the main single content channel to build the first content engine. The happy medium for YouTube is their bread and butter, which is medium form videos like this one. These are 10 to 30 minute highvalue intentionally packaged videos made for YouTube. Now for Facebook, short form video is absolutely crushing right now. Meta saw all the data coming from Instagram reels and went all in on Facebook reels. On Facebook, text post with videos can do well, but it's way harder to grow. You don't get that algorithm push in the same way as you do for reels. If I want discovery on Facebook, I'm going short form video. Now for LinkedIn, this one is a little bit tougher. LinkedIn just launched their new short form video capability a few months ago and it's absolutely crushing. This is probably the single biggest untapped content opportunity in the whole game right now. However, because short form video on LinkedIn is so new and the LinkedIn core user around text has been around for so long, text posts still perform really well on LinkedIn. Given the explosion of video, it's much easier to grow on LinkedIn with short form video. But I don't want to rule out the value of short form text. And for X and threads, the predominant content type on those platforms is short form text, maybe with images or videos kind of linked below the text. Standalone video posts, especially short form, just don't perform that well on threads or X. And that's because the traditional meta on those platforms is text. That's what people want to consume. That's what they've been consuming. And so that's what works still best on those platforms. Okay. So at this point in the process, step two was all about getting comfortable and aware with what the hero conversion type is for each platform. Each one of those that we just talked about, the hero conversion type, has max discoverability and an algorithm that will push your stuff to brand new nonfollower viewers so you can grow faster. Okay. Now, step three is where we actually start picking which combination is best for our business. This is the platform audience fit stage. And again, the reason I'm spending so much time giving you the rationale for why you filter the way you filter is because nobody talks about this stuff. And as a business owner, it's helpful to know the logic behind the decision. So step three is where we filter. It's the audience filter stage. The most important filter, and this is going to be obvious, is that you have to pick a platform where your buyer actually spends time. Ideally, you pick the platform where the highest density of your buyers spend the most time. If you were to draw pie charts on every social platform with every slice representing a different audience cohort, which pie has the biggest, fattest slice for your business avatar? That's where you want to be playing. So, for example, if you sell enterprise sales software, most of your buyers, CRO's are going to be on LinkedIn and maybe YouTube. If you sell chocolate bars to teens, most of your buyers are going to be on Tik Tok, Snapchat, or Instagram. Picking a platform where your buyers don't spend time is the fastest way to build in the wrong direction. Now, there's three ways you can figure out where your buyers spend time. The first way is picking the platform where you, as the business owner, have gotten the majority of your customers from. The second way is just asking your existing customers where they like to consume content most and where they might want to see you make content as a brand in the future. And the third is by researching thirdparty data, all the different platforms and trying to get a rough sense of where your audience avatar spends time watching in the comments, the shares, and watching who pops as different creators. During this step three process, if you realize there's an absolute dominant platform for where your customers are, you should just go all in on playing there. But if your buyer is a large TAM and maybe spends even time across multiple platforms, I'm going to go through how you decide what the tiebreaker is in one second. Since everybody always asks, here's a rough breakdown on which types of businesses are likely to find the most amount of customers on each platform. If you're selling high ticket B2B services or enterprise SAS, LinkedIn is going to be your hero platform. There are 65 million decision makers on LinkedIn, 10 million sea level executives, 84% of marketers say LinkedIn is where they spend the most time. If you're selling developer first tools, anything crypto or anything for startups that would appeal to tech, Twitter, X is going to be your hero platform. Those people also probably live on YouTube, but X is going to be the best place for you. If you're selling expertise driven coaching, info products, agency services, and most software, YouTube is going to be your best platform. Enterprise software is going to be LinkedIn and some YouTube. And then most of the remaining software is going to be split between X and YouTube. That's the one category that kind of fits across many. If you have a visual dominant brand in fashion, beauty, home decor, lifestyle, Instagram is going to be your hero platform. If you have mass appeal consumer goods, impulse buys, or consumer sass that doesn't really appeal to tech, Twitter, Tik Tok is probably going to be your best platform. If you sell local brick-and-mortar services, restaurants, gyms, HVAC, Facebook is going to be your best platform. And if you sell Gen Z entertainment, or any augmented reality type campaigns, Snapchat's going to be your best platform. Now, of course, most businesses have one or two that they split between. And we're going to go through how to break the tie in a second. But if there's one that's a clear and dominant winner for you, you don't need to filter any further, just pick that one and then pick the hero conversion type. Now, we have one more step in the process for how to break the ties. I think you're going to like it. But just a recap on where we've been so far. On step one, we defined all the possible social media platforms and content types just so we could have a directory of options. We then ruled out the ones that don't have an algorithm pushing your stuff to a discovery feed, basically playing social media on hard mode. In step two, we narrowed down the hero conversion content type for each of the remaining platforms so that we knew if we were to play on this platform, which we'd get the most push and easiest growth from. And then in step three, we walked through the audience filter. Obviously, where your customers are is where you want to play, but we broke down for each platform who the dominant audience type would be. So, at this point, if you still haven't decided where to play and where to build that content engine, it's because you're still unsure for exactly where your audience plays. split between a couple that you've talked to people on both. All right. Now, the last step, step four, is the tiebreaker step. And more importantly, we're going to go through a bunch of comparisons, different scales that help map the value and effectiveness of the platform content type combinations. As a reminder, these are the nine combinations that are the finalist that we are considering. You've got Instagram short form videos, Tik Tok short form videos, YouTube medium form videos, Facebook short form videos, Snapchat short form videos, LinkedIn either short form text or short form videos, and threads and X short form text. Anytime I try to build a strategy, I like to compare apples to apples across as best I can. So, what I've done is I've taken those nine different combinations and I've plotted them across five different scales to give you a sense for what the weakest and strongest platforms are in different categories. Now, as you look at these, the left side is the weaker side. That's not what we want. The right side is the stronger side. That is what we want. So, the first scale is level of effort. On one side, it's high level of effort. Takes forever to make one piece of content. On the good side, it's low level of effort. You could make these fast. So, we're going to plot all nine of those across this scale so you can get a sense for how much or little effort it would take to make. The second scale is AI disruption potential, ranked from low to high. Based on this content type, how soon is AI going to be able to match and/or beat your content and flood the market? The third scale is customer LTV from low to high. How much money in LTV is a customer on each platform likely to spend? Where are the high-value customers spending time? The fourth scale is conversion potential from low to high. How easy or difficult is it to get a person to convert on a free lead magnet or booking a call or having your product sold based on one piece of content? And lastly, content half-life from short to long. How long can a piece of content live without getting weighed down by the zeitgeist and fading to oblivion. Again, all the left sides of the scales are the bad sides. All the right side of the scales are the good sides. We want our content, platform, and type to be as far right as possible. So, for example, you can see when it comes to level of effort, YouTube videos obviously take the most amount of time to make each rep. Short form text on X, LinkedIn, or threads are the quickest to make. When it comes to AI disruption, you can see YouTube will be the last to be disrupted. Short form text will be the first to be disrupted. On customer LTV and conversion potential, LinkedIn and then YouTube have the highest value customers. Snapchat have the lowest. And lastly, on content half-life, YouTube lasts the longest. You could have a YouTube video resurface years after it was made. Snapchat, those things are gone in a couple of days. Now, if you were to score each combination with points based on where it fits across all five scales to get a total aggregate score, this is what the leaderboard would look like. Now, I'll admit these rankings probably underweight level of effort and overweight customer LTV and conversionability, but you can start to see the broad strokes of where the dollars actually live on certain platforms. Given these rankings, I'd probably rule out Snapchat and threads from the list as well. I just wouldn't start there unless your business is perfectly made for those. So, here you're really left with seven options. And at this stage, most people are probably interested in my recommendation. Personally, I think video content is the last frontier. I think it's the hardest to replicate. I think it'll take the longest for AI to beat. I think it's the richest form of media and it's the easiest to acrue your personal brand. Either short form video or medium form video depending on which platform is best based on where your customers are. This is why I have gone all in on video for my companies. Everything I do is video. I made this channel to help people with video. I believe video is the last frontier. Okay. Okay, so at this point, you've gone through the full four-step filter process to pick the best content platform and content type to build your content engine. Again, you don't need to build everywhere at first. If you're starting out or you have nothing working, pick one and go allin. I'm going to tell you exactly how to do that in a second. As a recap, we listed all possible options. We narrowed them down based on which ones have an algorithm push. We filtered by our unique audience avatar where our customers lived. And then we broke the tie based on a series of scales and factors for where the most opportunity lives. Now, once we've picked, the real work begins from here. No matter which platform combination you chose, here's the seven-step process to build the content engine. Step one is to figure out what content formats on that platform in that type are already working for your specific customers. The easiest way to do this is to make a creator list of people that are already winning and study them and then reverse engineer. Step two is to reverse those patterns and formats that are working and then use that as a baseline. Winners make winners, so you got to find the winners. Step three is to execute the quality, quantity, quality accordion. And this helps you figure out how much content at what quality you should be making. When you're starting out, first focus on getting your quality up to a 7 out of 10. However many reps, however often it takes, get your quality to a 7 out of 10. Once you're there, do not go to an 8, 9, or 10. Stay at a 7 out of 10 and focus on getting your quantity to the optimal platform quantity. For short form videos, it's 5 to seven videos per week, which is one per day. For medium form videos on YouTube, it's one video per week. For short form text, it's five short form text posts per day, 25 to 35 per week. That is the optimal content quantity for each platform. 7 out of 10. Get the quantity. Once you have that quantity locked in, go back to quality and boost from 7 to 9. If you can get a 9 out of 10 quality at the optimal content quantity, you will be elite in your category. So that's how you have to build the volume system. Step four, post consistently for 6 months at that 9 out of 10 quality and the optimal content quantity. Step five, respond to all comments to increase your surface area for fandom. Get those people to the DM as they come in. Step six, ramp all interested parties via automation, whether it's Many Chat, Phantom Buster, or Twitter automation into a lead magnet so you can capture their email. This is where Substack becomes valuable, having that as a back-end piece to whichever main primary channel you picked. And then step seven is to use email to sell. This is a whole another video, but email is really where all the sales should live. This is the game. If you do this, you will have a content engine that is printing leads for your business. Now, here's the deal. This whole content strategy really boils down to this. You should either pick short form text, short form video, or medium form video on YouTube. These are the strategy optimal content type paths to pick and you only need one. Just pick one. You will of course add on other content platforms and types as you get cooking, but don't get distracted by all of that. Get one working first and then scale it. Now, if you want to learn how to run the short form text playbook either on LinkedIn, X or Threads, I'm not your guy. There are many, many channels on YouTube that are great for that. go look for those. But if you want to run the short form video or medium form video on YouTube playbooks, I don't think there's any better channel or person in the world to help you go from zero to crushing. If you want the short form video playbooks, the systems, the options, the formulas, you want the whole package either for Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok or LinkedIn, I have all that at short form.academy. And if you want the full YouTube playbook, I'm not talking YouTube podcast. I'm not talking YouTube shorts. I'm talking medium form talking head YouTube like this. If you want that playbook, I'm putting together the best program ever created for YouTube. I've got a wait list below. I'm only launching it once to the weight list at the discounted price. So, if you want that or you think you might want it, make sure to join the wait list below. All right, guys. That's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we broke down the full process for how to go through picking which social platform is best for you to build your content engine for your business. As always, the whole reason I made this channel is to help business owners get better at content. So, if that's you and you're trying to level up, make sure to subscribe. And if you like this stuff and you want to be in a community with lots of other entrepreneurs, 25,000 others, make sure to join Wavy World. I have a free invite link below. There's no reason you shouldn't be in there. And as always, we'll see you guys on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RP123lolololol: So where does book of self help land???
  2. @merary3344: I sell cowboy boots and western style boutique which would be best for me ? 
Thanks in advance
  3. @Multi-AccountMastery: This video nails how much leverage a good video editor brings to the table: not just cutting clips, but shaping story, pacing, and emotional arcs so the message actually lands and the client’s time isn’t wasted. And if you’re testing different editors, formats, and hooks at scale, accsmarket is perfect for quickly running those edits across aged accounts with varied histories and geos, so you can see which style really performs instead of guessing in a vacuum.
  4. @AmaBossBeYourOwnBoss: Bullshit😂
  5. @MdRanu-t7xTv: 😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @MdRanu-t7xTv: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @ILLEGALLYGAMING-234vsr: i like how simple you make it
  8. @islamiclifestyleTv: i like how simple you make it
  9. @Metal-Musik-Rammstein: this is actually super helpful for my small biz
  10. @mariaelenavillabonacastill8389: Your strategies make so much sense! I use AICarma to monitor what’s being said about my brand, and it’s been a game changer for my content strategy.
  11. @aredtvkhoa3121: gonna try these tips for sure 👍
  12. @REYLEON-jd5yx: never thought it could be this easy lol
  13. @AlexMurdock-eo7dc: this is super helpful thanks for sharing
  14. @friendshipchannel9304: the examples were on point 😄
  15. @wondershoop: wow did not expect those tips
  16. @kml591: I can’t believe how much I learned today! Using AICarma to track AI recommendations has been incredibly effective for my brand’s visibility.
  17. @Omer_Tedgi: i really needed this right now lol
  18. @MK-SHORTS6: wow did not expect those tips
  19. @SilentSecretsChannel: I can’t believe how much I learned today! Using AICarma to track AI recommendations has been incredibly effective for my brand’s visibility.
  20. @akslearnstudy6280: i really needed this right now lol

- I Studied 100 Viral Hooks, These 6 Will Make You Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en the biggest difference between winning and losing on social media is the hook this is the 8020 of video if you want your videos to perform better you need to focus on leveling up your hooks now I've studied thousands of videos and it turns out all of the best performers only use six different hook formats if you know these six you're set so in this video I'm going to break all that down first we're going to walk through all six hook formats with examples and then I'm going to give you a full playbook for how to actually write winning hooks on your own I guarantee this this will be the best video on hooks you ever watch and I know this works because I've done billions of views myself using these exact same methods all right now first before anything else we need to understand the psychology behind how hooks work this is super important hooks are designed for one reason to create a curiosity Loop think of it like a rabbit hole in the viewer's brain we need to get them curious enough about the topic that they couldn't dream of doing anything else other than watching our video now the best way to create that Curiosity Loop is with contrast the viewer starts the video believing one thing and then we introduce an alternative in the hook they believe a we show them B and the distance between A and B is contrast the bigger the contrast the more the Curiosity and the deeper the hook it really is as simple as that but the hard part is you only have 5 Seconds to make it stick so each of these six hook formats are specifically designed to create that contrast and build the Curiosity Loop all right now the first hook format is called the fortune teller and it's all about positioning the the present against the future the Creator is using some scenario or question to build curiosity about how the future might change so this could mean saying something like that new microwave is going to change cooking forever or that little blue light is going to impact traffic moving forward here are a couple other examples of the fortun teller hook in action we're witnessing one of the largest breakthroughs in marketing this is the future of animation and this fortune teller hook format Works super well because the human brain is designed to constantly think about the future so it's playing into that so the Tactical steps for using this hook format would be a establish what the current reality is B figure out how the future might change based on the video subject and C frame a question or statement teasing that new future as a possibility and this format is great for breaking news product Innovations really anybody that's trying to build Authority or interest around knowing the future of some topic and again I'm going through all six of these base formats first so we can build that Baseline before going deeper tactically into how to actually write the hooks and I'll go through that in a minute okay now the second hook format is called the experimentor and this one is all about the Creator showcasing how something works using a demo or experiment and specifically this is angled as peer-to-peer it's one friend showing another what they learned or came across so the contrast that's being built is coming from I used to do something this way I figured out some method or format let me show you how now I'm doing this thing this way and here are a couple examples of the experiment format in action does anything look weird about this shot to you I actually don't have have a camera in my hands I'm recording with these glasses on my face these are the rayan meta smart glasses and they're about to change the way that we create this right here is the brand new cha gbt agent that literally controls your browser and does tasks for you and this is an 11-step process and we're going to see if it does it now I especially love the Colin and Samir one because Samir is actually showing how the glasses work in the hook as well he doesn't have to use the hook to Tee It Up in the future because the glasses camera is the subject itself and that video did 50 million views for a reason and a lot of Mr Beast videos fall into this hook category as well he doesn't always explicitly explain them as experiments but he's basically doing human experiments and then letting you watch in real time to see what happens so the Tactical steps for using the experiment hook framework are to a establish the base pain point that needs solving B show that you solved the paino or tried some new method or tool with an experiment and then C walk through why that new experiment or solve is different and help solve the paino better and this format is great for product demos new Frameworks it's also great for B2B trying to Showcase how your tool or product works this is also the same hook framework where those people that make the elaborate outdoor structures camping or building a log cabin by hand this the same format they're using as well and before we keep going if you like the way I break this content stuff down using the metaphors and the names to make it a little bit easier I actually did the exact same thing around virality how does virality work breaking into a formula you can actually grabb that it's a free 5-day email course called The virality Blueprint explains Concepts like this but in way more depth you can grab that there's a link below or go to virality blueprint.com and you can sign up all right let's keep going now the third hook format is called the teacher and this one is similar to the experimenter except that instead of going peerto peer it's going more teacher to student and instead of showing things with a live experiment it's more showing them by Framing a lesson so it's kind of like I'm the teacher of this topic I just saw somebody who solved X with Y method let me break that down and explain to you how they did it again the contrast is coming from you're failing at this thing I found a new way to do it let me explain how to do it so that you can start winning and here's a few examples of the teacher format in action three things you can learn from aritzia here's how I got this shot I made this Ecom brand a million dollar in 12 hours using something called the product drop method and again these are all teaching setups so it's either the Creator tried something and extracted the lessons and is now teaching it not like experiment but teaching the methods or they studied someone else who solved that thing and then is now teaching those lessons back either way it's show by teaching and so the Tactical steps for using this one would be a establish the base paino B show that you have a solve through some set of learnings or method and then see walk them through why the process or steps worked because of your solve and this format is super good for anybody who's trying to build Authority in the category or become an expert to then sell that expertise okay now the fourth hook framework is a little bit different than the other five it's called the magician and it can be used as a precursor or in combination with the rest of them now the magician is basically a stun gun it's strategically using visuals and or language like hey look at that to visually Force the viewer's attention to a specific thing in the visual and it's usually something outlandish or just rhythmic and Visually Pops to stop the scroll now there are a ton of amazing examples of people who do this China CH what's up mttv chis yo check this out so president Trump just ordered the Resurgence of a 1980s plan for nuclear war in space let me explain so this can either be executed with some visual stun tactic like what Carl Shakur uses the kind of snap click or it could be the spoken words themselves like look at that crazy thing and really forcing the attention my favorite example of this is the neon sign guy who starts out as Trump with the wig makes a joke in the voice and then throws the wig off and immediately starts talking about the neon signs I've been using this on my own videos for the last 30 or so where I start all the videos saying check this out really quick and I roll into the first line with it check us out this check out this check out this check out this it just gives that kind of unique signature pattern that people recognize audibly when they hear it another great way to achieve the magician is with something called a visual pacifier now this is an activity that the subject is doing passively which holds just enough of your subconscious attention to let you focus on the thing this could either be like Alex Earl doing her makeup or this guy in this example stacking the cups it's the same psychological reason why people make those GTA Gam gameplay videos the split screen and you see the car driving through the course on one end and then the clip on the other it holds just enough subconscious attention to get you to focus and not churn on the main thing and I say this format is different because you can combine the magician with any of the other five a lot of people stack them so they use the magician immediately as a visual stun gun and then layer on one of the other five below so tactically to do this you either want to find some visual some sound or some signature thing that you can tie to your videos to kind of stun that's atypical and stops that scroll all right now the fifth hook format is called the investigator and this one is super common with this format you're basically trying to create contrast against some unknown secret or some finding that you found in your research that nobody knows about so the contrast is today you don't know the thing I show you the thing now you know the thing very simple almost all of my personal short form videos fall into this category it's kind of unearthing some tech or AI thing about the future potentially that people don't know about and there's a ton of amazing examples showcasing this format as well so this is one of the sneakier marketing campaigns I've seen Central sees brand sells out in seconds and what's crazy is that it's not just because he's a rapper Che out this is a secret Japanese City built at the base of Mount Fuji but it's not just any City so the Tactical steps if you want to use the investigator would be to tee up the fact that there is some secret that they don't know and then frame it against their current reality which is not knowing and the communicated contrast in this one is pretty straightforward because the base cases they don't know and then you tell them something they know some of these don't have to be super cheeky they could be pretty straightforward but inherently they'll still grab and create that interest this format is great for people to use who are trying to be at the Leading Edge of their field or showcase that in a research capacity they're finding the Deep insights that most people don't know okay and the sixth and final hook format is called the contrarian and this one is actually the easiest to understand where exactly the contrast sits the contrarian hook literally has the Creator come out specifically and say what they believe about the topic that is different than the conventional wisdom and the difference between this one and some of the others is that a few of the s kind of slightly try to hide that contrast in the framing whereas this one immediately you come straight out and just say you're doing your branding wrong you should be doing it this way it's very direct here are a few examples of the contrarian in practice so I think this is probably the most important thing that you need to be doing if you run a brand that you are probably not doing and this is having one-on-one conversations with your customers you have no creative ideas because your space sucks to live in this guy is a multi-millionaire from his clothing brand and the weird thing is they're best sellers are almost never in stock NOW of the six hook formats this one is the most direct at creating that contrast and it's really easy the Tactical steps would be figure out what you believe that most people don't believe and then say it explicitly this is great for the smarty pants expert use case or somebody that's trying to frame thems as a contrarian in a crowded space okay so there we have it those are the six hook archetypes the fortune teller the experimentor the teacher the magician the investigator and the contrarian now I'm going to tell you a secret you don't actually have to to figure out which one of the six works for your video because the truth is every single video idea could be manipulated to use any of the six hook formats for example let's say I made videos reviewing backpacks and this new interesting backpack just came out that I wanted to make a video about how would I go about using all six of these in different ways so for the fortune teller I may say something like this backpack is going to completely change the way Millennials travel for the experimenter I might say I just took this backpack 7,000 Mi across the world but it has three major design flaws for the teacher I may say something like if you're traveling internationally this summer this is the best way to pack your backpack for the magician I may do a rapid match cut with a bunch of different backpacks to visually stun them and then with the voiceover saying which of these backpacks is the best for a guy in their 20s for the investigator I may say something like I can't believe this company isn't marketing this one flaw in their bag and then for the contrarian I may say something like everybody loves this bag but if you use it every day it is so overhyped and see so you can pick any of those hooks directions with every single video topic and so the real question is how do you decide if you're staring at the blank page and you're trying to write a hook which of these is the best one for you in any given scenario and this really gets into the second part of the video which is tactically how do you actually write a banger hook that crushes every single time cuz that's where the sauce really lies so let's walk through that I'm going to break the whole thing down right now all hooks are made up of four components the spoken hook which is what you say the visual hook which is what you show on the screen the text hook which is what you write in text on the screen and then the audio hook which is the sound and sound effects that you play in the background and this is the big secret right here the difference between 500 and 500,000 views is unlocking Max alignment between those four things so if you say one thing verbally but then the visual even slightly different that creates misalignment and then the hook is not as effective to nail the hook you need all four of these things to line up perfectly and the reason this matters is because because of comprehension comprehension is the degree to which the viewer actually understands what they're seeing and hearing you can't hook them unless they fully understand and are interested in what they're watching if your verbal spoken Hook is different from your visual hook which is different from the music in your audio hook well that leads to confusion and confusion leads to comprehension loss which just makes it harder for the viewer to stick with the hook the way to drive Max comprehension is to make sure the visual and audio hooks are aligned and so how do you do this the way you do this is to understand exactly how the viewer takes in the video when they're watching and this gets to the Deep psychology which is my favorite thing to do imagine a subconscious heat map when somebody's watching the video where are they actually focusing their attention I'm going to tell you this is what all viewers do the first thing they do is they take in the visual and text hook they see the visual they may read the text hook if it's obvious enough in the right place and then their ears catch up and they hear the spoken hook after and after they hear what you're saying they look back at the visual and they're seeking visual confirmation with what they heard so it's visual audio visual that sandwich is how people actually take in videos at the subconscious level now why is this the case well the reason is our eyes process 10 to 100 times more information per second than our ears and this is essentially the speed of light vers speed of sound phenomenon so the viewer is seeing first then hearing and then looking back at the visual to match what they heard okay so tactically tying all this together what does this actually mean and why did I spend so much time going through those six hook archetypes what this means is that the most important part of getting the hook to actually perform well is the visual it's not what you say it's the visual I call this the key visual so when you first have your video idea the very first thing you should do is figure out what visual or visuals you have at your disposal that you could actually slot into the first 3 to 5 seconds and based on that key visual you then need to decide which of the six hook archetypes will create the most contrast and perfectly aligned with what that visual shows knowing the visual lets you set up the speech to then set back up to the visual this is the golden approach to hooks that nobody talks about at this level all right so now I'm going to say it again one more time but more organized so the very first step is you need to look at what visuals do you have the better the visual the more you can lean on the visual and the easier it will be to set up the contrast back to the visual if you don't have a good visual you need to really think should I make this video and if you do want to make it how are you going to manufacture the key visual with Motion Graphics or some stock footage to create this interesting thing to look at step two is that once you have the visual you need to think about what are the most interesting fact sets or angles things about the story that you have to work with and based on those what has the biggest contrast whichever one has the biggest contrast will inform which of the six hook archetypes that you actually use step three is that I would then write the spoken hook this is going to be two to four lines and it's going to follow the context lean contrast and contrarian Snapback approach that I detailed in my other Hook video I'll link that here step four is then what text can I put on screen overlaying the video to support that initial Visual and the reconfirmation of the visual after someone hears the speech and then step five I'm going to watch it back and gut check with myself does this achieve Max comprehension if the viewer goes visual speech visual are they very clear on what I'm talking about in this video and does that align with where I think the rest of the video will go if not I will stop not move forward and rework the hook that is how important it is all right now really quick I just want to walk through a couple examples of my own content to illustrate what I mean by good and bad hooks we're going to show one of each the first one is an example of a perfect hook this video is about life-size floor plans which is this really cool projected home floor plans in a warehouse this video did 15 million views so the first thing I want you to do is watch this video with no sound we're going to turn the sound off just watch the hook visually and I want you to think where do your eyes go what do you notice and what do you see so we're going to play that right now all right now the first place your eyes probably go is that sliding text that comes across that says the future of Home Design This first clip with a split screen you don't actually see that well the girl with the arms going up that was more just a visual stun gun the actual hero visual the key visual that I saw in the idea that I knew I was going to build the whole video around was the next visual in the full screen with the people walking on top of the floor plans what I did is I put text that said life-size floor plans with an arrow enhancing the fact that your visual eyeline went directly to that thing I wanted to make sure you saw that and so this was the visual shocker right there's embedded contrast here most people have never seen this before so the fact that it existed on its own created a large contrast I knew that visual was a great key visual to build off of okay so the next thing is I had actually pick which of the hook formats that I want to go with and then how would I actually write the hook itself so when I looked at the formats there were two that made sense one was the fortune teller this is the future of Home Design and the second one was The Secret Keeper I found this secret about how people are designing homes that nobody knew they're close to the same but slightly different I went with the fortune teller one because which is easier to explain and creates more of a shock this is what the future of Home Design will look like right so that's what I picked and then step three was I had to actually write the hook so context lean contrast contrarian take so I literally said check this out that was my magician scroll stop thing and then I said these are life-size floor plant you can literally walk through your exact Home Design before you build it right so that's context lean that is me literally describing exactly what you're seeing that is perfect alignment with showing the visual and saying the thing then for this one I didn't actually need a contrasting word I didn't need to say but here's what's crazy because the fact that it existed on its own was already contrast enough so my contrarian take which maps to the Future hook fortune teller was I think this is the future of how people are going to design their homes right so it's exactly what I'm saying I picked the fortune teller I talked about the future I set up the context lean what you're seeing with pure Al alignment and then I framed this is the future of how people are going to design their homes that is tailor made how you build the hook with pure alignment and this one worked 15 million views now before we end the video Let's quickly go through one bad example where I made a video but it didn't work out that well it got maybe 100,000 views or less and the hook was just executed super poorly so I want to explain what went wrong and what I should have done looking back okay so the same thing here I want you to watch this video without sound just watch the first 15 seconds and tell me where you focus your attention [Music] right away you see the tech sliding across again future of Storytelling and then you see a bunch of these rooms kind of like magically appearing out of nowhere just that alone is kind of misaligned future of Storytelling is a bit of an abstract concept and so visualizing that with those rooms does that really mean future of Storytelling not really so already just in the visual and with the text there is comprehension lost then when you turn the sound on it gets even more confusing so I say this is the future of Storytelling it's called a generative World model it lets you turn a single image into a photorealistic cinematic World okay so if you really take that down future of Storytelling it's so abstract it's like what do you even show for that maybe it's a book with a video or a robot coming out of it maybe I could have used that the problem is nobody knows what generative World model is nobody knows what photorealistic world so I use these crazy terms that I didn't have good visuals to show and you can tell immediately it's just a little confusing it's not as straightforward as the life-size floor plans one and so when you watch this yeah maybe you're like oh those are cool visuals but you're not actually hearing what I'm saying when you don't hear what I'm saying you have comprehension loss when you have comprehension loss you're not purely tied and aligned with the video and so looking back maybe what I should have done has gone more explicit so these rooms are the future of commercials and if I had visuals of guys actually using those rooms to film commercials and I could show that perspective maybe that would have worked the truth is this video didn't have great b-roll that was easy to explain so what I should have done is probably canned the idea not made it in general and that's really what you need to decide when you're going through this process what is the visual what is the hook format writing the hook is there Clarity and Alignment if there isn't you probably should throw out the video because there's always more ideas that you could make so that's really the process in a nutshell you have to have that Clarity and if you don't that's the difference between 10,000 views and 10 million views and look the reason that I can go so deep and I'm so nerdy on this stuff is because I live and breathe this content stuff all day long and I'm making this channel because I'm trying to show my experiments and show my work to help other people grow with content but look if you don't want to have to worry about which hook format to use and how to exactly write it you don't want to take 60 minutes a day making videos that's completely fine I built sand castles which is a software to infuse all of these learnings and formulas and formats into it so all you have to do is put your video in and we'll do it for you we go through the full diagnostic to figure out what is the right hook formula how should we frame it where is the best contrast it's all automatic so if you want to try that out sandcastles a have a free trial for you below that's the easiest way that you can close the gap on this without having to do all the work and guys if you like how I think about this stuff there is a ton more for free in the description I have a free contact Community called wavy world with over 13,000 people that are learning the advanced psychology behind this stuff there's a free invite for you below make sure to grab that and keep me posted on what you guys want next keep the shares coming keep the comments coming until then we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [27 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ryanthecoach [1 likes]: seriously? your "free guide" takes DAYS to come but... didn't ever come?!?!! Just a dozen marketing emails.
  3. @ignaciogutierreznabias: You are really good explaining thks for this!
  4. @Studio81000: Lets go viral baby!
  5. @FinanzasAztecas: I love your content, you bring so much value! But you speak so fast my brain doesnt have enough time to associate and process all. I feel like i miss stuff, so i always end up leaving your videos around half of it
  6. @EverythingAinowllc: This video is awesome
  7. @htdstf: Bro please this video please auto translate with Hindi start please enable the setting
  8. @DreamNestBedtime: https://youtu.be/W1-OicF3MaI?feature=shared
  9. @LifeGrazfully: Thank you sir. I was doing a bunch of nonsense on my page.
  10. @benjimeko: it helps kall thank you
  11. @shubniggurath47: The best video on this topic so far!
  12. @finessingtheindustry: Best videos out ..great content
  13. @Ojan_Cuan: You're Genius
  14. @ramgautamvlog: Thank you very much 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  15. @ayamoormusic: This is a lot of fascinating info. What if you’re an artist trying to gain a following?
  16. @TheWhisperingPoet: This video is visually so good that it seems AI.
  17. @duttslab: Awesome insight
  18. @thecatplayer9684: 15:26 i don't see the link anywhere
  19. @life_force_health: You're a gangster dude. Very much appreciating your stuff.
  20. @NitishRathoresVlog: Mind Blowing !!! 🇮🇳

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- Why every Johnny Harris video goes viral: Kind: captions Language: en this airport this texas army this is look at this look at things how does one person create videos explaining everything from mcdonald's ice cream machines to venezuela's border crisis and get millions of views on every single one i mean johnny harris even got nominated for an emmy which is like okay it isn't that johnny harris is an expert in these topics it isn't his fancy animations other people do that and never go viral so what is it johnny it's my formula the formula visual evidence then context and while these two pieces seem simple to use their viral power comes from johnny weaving them together in a way that no one else is even attempting to here's proof step one look at johnny harris's venezuelan border crisis explainer millions of people have fled venezuela step two compare it to this pbs explainer of the same topic millions of venezuelans have fled step three label every section as providing either visual evidence or context step four attach a musical note to every contact section and a new note to each new piece of visual evidence step five listen to them in order for the pbs piece you can hear long droning sections of context and only sparse visual evidence but in johnny's video listen to how the opening section is jammed with varied repeating visual evidence context sections are short and pulsed rhythmically between sections of visual you just experienced johnny harris's explanation secret sauce visual evidence then context visual evidence then context or from the audience's perspective experience it understand it experience understand it this repeating two-part structure is how he gets millions of views but it's something that anyone can do here's how number one i experience it visual anchors look at the first three minutes of the video and you'll see these visual anchors visual anchors also known as visual are things that you can point your camera out that exists in the world that show whatever it is you're trying to say visual anchors are everything in the first three minutes of this eight minute video everything is just visual anchors there's no context no explanation why would you give evidence without any context well johnny harris knows that understanding something begins with experiencing it on some level so even without explicit context good visual anchors things that are striking and tangible an intuitive sense of the context but visual anchors are easy to get wrong look at this pbs clip economic catastrophe inflation is predicted to be one million percent pulverizing incomes if you need proof of how bad this visual is look at johnny harris do you need proof of how bad it is in venezuela right now look at this purse this purse is made entirely of the bills of the venezuelan currency rather than describing abstract pulverized incomes johnny makes you look at a purse literally made of what should have been people's incomes this commitment to pointing his camera and our attention at vivid visuals is so core to johnny he gave it his own creative name i call it look at this thing these trams these donkeys you just sign these 100-page instruction manuals this banana let's talk about tea the bookstore i'm in a village a venezuelan style hot dog ice cream cone this airport this textbook this army barracks this is me look at this purse look at the explosive look at this bridge look at how this pbs explainer deferred visual evidence to later in the piece attempting to establish understanding by having viewers hear about the context johnny does the opposite when i'm thinking about a story i'm thinking about what visual anchors are the best i'm gonna put those up front to get them bought in and get them saying like wow i understand this thing because i'm looking at these these different things and once we've seen it johnny creates continuity by repeating these visual anchors throughout you can't just have a video or a piece that's just all visual anchors you need context if people are going to start to understand this you need to have the bridge in between them number two i understand contextual bridges between visual anchors these bridge sections are what we traditionally think of as explaining but they're a minority of the video and as a rule always come after visual anchors anchor bridge anchor bridge is my formula and here's why his formula works visual anchors zoom in to let us experience the topic bridges zoom out to fill in the context look at how johnny harris zooms in to show us visual evidence of economic crisis then zooms out to answer our curiosity of how that crisis happened before zooming back in to show us visual evidence of the resulting mass migration in school we're taught to explain using context than evidence but anchor bridge is the reverse of that and it's this reversal that enables johnny harris to command our attention so well they're like what is this and then they will sit through four minutes of history in context listen to johnny harris's piece again and you'll hear johnny making us look at this thing relentlessly until we're hungry for context that bridges us directly to the next piece of visual evidence and how like a character in a story visual anchors repeat again and again it shows johnny harris's skill but it also reveals a deeper truth for anyone seeking to convey knowledge that good explanation doesn't start up in our head but rather rests on a body of vivid experience the story of this video begins with a rant by this creative powerhouse michelle mcgee she was asking why does johnny harris have to say look at this thing so much we found within a huge video a small chunk where he explains why those are the clips you saw in this video after a lot of work from michelle g my crave editor and eleanor we got this one thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyharris [15000 likes]: Wow. Yep you got it right. Nice work.
  2. @ballenmedia [1 likes]: Here's an idea: Our senses peak our interest, our interest peaks our understanding. Senses - Interest - Understanding.
  3. @gRIZZly_Pear [1 likes]: He probably uses bot farms
  4. @Aafanyu: sum bullshit
  5. @ParkerRex: Wow
  6. @jdubfreeman: 0:03 what editing style is that?
  7. @proudgoyimm: I don't think they're very good honestly, just because a video seems very professional with millions of views doesn't always mean it's one of the best forms of quality content
  8. @Primeval_Files-j8g: You really explained well
  9. @alexavasquez1992: it also doesn't hurt that he's ruggedly handsome
  10. @Dancing_Alone_wRentals: tHank you then.....tHank you now! 
I just found this video again......three years later.  I liked it then but didn't understand.....Today I didn't even recognize the video but experiences have now helped the lesson take root.
  11. @HomieVlogs: It's just show and tell.
  12. @XHY-IAN: pretty like scientific paper logic . john could mAKke a good phd thesis
  13. @krzeszewski: harris is std of youtube
  14. @krakenx17: i hate jump cut shit !!!!! blablablablablablaaaaa
  15. @AnimeLingri: He makes very good geo politics video . Wish i had histroy teacher like that
  16. @tkd1-e8k: hes a jewish plant and a midwit
  17. @ВПоискахПравды-ь6э: Can you speak a little "faster" so we can grasp a little from that knowledge?
  18. @cravetheplanet: Great work
  19. @jonathanlivingston7358: You did t define “context” exactly
  20. @Asmaraዓለመይ: I watch all his videos even videos about stories I’ve no knowledge or interest in lol

- HOW Youtube Changed My Life (in 4 months) | My Journey to Full-Time Creator: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube literally changed my life in four months and in this video I'm going to tell you why that happened how it happened what I did to make it happen and how you can make it happen for yourself let's go back to March of 2024 so a year ago I had sorry my name is Rob if you're new here welcome it's nice to meet you uh and if you're returning welcome back a year ago in March I decided to make a go with this YouTube thing uh I had a channel it was over 3 years old and it wasn't going anywhere it was dying in fact I hadn't made a video in months I made I think seven videos in the previous 20 months leading up to last March but I knew I wanted to do this I wanted to do YouTube I had been kind of studying about it for three years I started my channel in uh January 2021 I think is when I posted my first video yeah I started with a bang I think I made nine videos that first month and then nothing for eight months and couple of fall starts anyways the long and the short of it is uh by last the start of last year here um the channel was going nowhere but I decided I wanted to make a go of it I didn't want to just be a freelancer um uh the rest of my life which is what I was doing and I was I was good at it uh I was making good money um but it was a lot of work and I wanted to move from making videos for people to teaching people how to make their own videos okay so that was kind of the the Catalyst for me so in March of last year I needed to come up with a plan okay and the plan was make three videos a week and one live stream every week and if I could do that and promote my live streams from my videos and promote my videos from my live streams uh if I could do that then I would grow that was the plan um now I actually started the plan in January uh but it took me a couple months to put everything together uh the biggest hurdle for me was uh how am I going to make three videos a week that's a lot the live streams are kind of easy once you do them I mean it took me um took me uh several times to get kind of comfortable doing it and when you first start live streaming you're not going to have anybody watching you so you're live streaming to nobody uh but that's okay just have something ready to demonstrate but the three videos a week was was an issue it's like how am I going to make three videos a week that's a lot uh take it to it took me 20 months to make seven right so um what I did is I had to come up with a framework for my videos and every video was to be to have the same framework um I had decided I was going to teach people how to edit videos uh not necessarily from start to finish but more individual little things to how to videos so every video was going to have like a demonstration in the middle but it was also going to have an intro and going to have an ending every intro I want it to be less than a minute and in that minute I wanted to announce what I was going to show them in the video but then I was also going to plug my own live streams okay I tell every everybody that every week if you have any questions or you want to see me demonstrate something come by on Tuesdays at 2:00 I settled on a date in a time uh uh come by with your questions and I'll help you out uh and I also plugged the fact that I'm making three videos a week and I I said that I making these videos all the time so if there's anything else you want to see from me let me know in the comments below uh subscribe if you want to see more so that's the way I set things up and then also the ending the ending I did the same thing I plugged the live stream and I plugged all my videos okay uh and then when it came time to to do the live streams uh I would have a an intro kind of ready for those as well um where I would explain to people what I'm doing uh and uh those started slow I think I had four people in my first live stream uh my first one last March that is it wasn't my first one ever um but uh yeah had four and then I think I had seven the second one uh so it started slow but uh it it grew anyways the back to these videos to do to do three videos a week so I had the framework all set up to I I also needed systems in place so I needed uh a recording system and also an editing system the recording system was that I was going to make my intro and my outro in one go in one take and to do those I would write a script and use a telepromter because I I didn't want to mess those up I wanted them to be delivered really quickly uh I I knew retention was a big thing that I wanted PE I want I needed to be able to retain people uh and so I wanted to deliver those quickly and the only way I could do that was with a teleprompter um so I know I'm kind of against them now but not always I do use it every once in a while but I do think it's important to learn how to talk to the camera like this kind of off off the cuff like what I'm doing now but anyways I used a teleprompter that was part of the the plan uh and then the middle part of the video I would I would record separately uh because the middle part was also recording my screen and demonstrating something uh and that would be basically the meat of the of the uh video and then I would edit edit them all together and I would edit them consistently so they all kind of looked the same same intro uh same like Graphics uh I I made a little animated logo of the Camtasia logo uh I I got some music that I really liked and I use that same music every time um so yeah and that way I was able to copy and paste that intro um with a new recording of me every time and because every video was going to be about something different uh but essentially the framework was going to be the same for every video so that allowed me to make those more quickly and in fact I could make more than three a week I was making sometimes five a week I was getting ahead of the game so I could schedule them in advance something else I did is I set up my desk the way I wanted it to so that it would be very easy for me to start recording so if I saw a comment one of of my videos uh or somebody asked me a question in a live stream uh I could immediately write it down and then when I finished doing what I was doing I was ready to record I could just hit record on the camera record on my screen record on my audio and record and it was very quick and as long as I kept my videos relatively short then I could do these three videos a week so by short uh I tried to aim for between five and 10 minutes um and take a minute off for each of the intro and the outro so that would be you know 3 to eight minutes of actual content so that was the plan so now let's get to the results of of my plan and and these four months March April May June of last year uh so again before March I think my watch hours were 285 um hours per month and the previous month and if you do the math to get 4,000 watch hours in a year which is what you need to be monetized uh that averages 333 hours per month okay um and uh so I was averaging less than that and the channel was shrinking uh but what happened was in March I got 324 hours so almost to the average of 333 that I needed so but that was great it was growing 324 hours and 85 subscribers I got in March uh so awesome what about the next month April I got 800 watch hours so huge I more than doubled the watch hours in April because I was making three videos a week uh each new video was getting more and more uh views and and my subscriber count was growing as well it went up to 170 new subscribers in April then in May the watch hours jumped to 1360 just for that month so at that point I'm I'm looking at it thinking wow I like I just have to keep doing what I'm doing and I'm going to be monetized in a month or two um and that's exactly what happened so 1360 watch hours in May 294 new subscribers uh so that's awesome and then in June I got over 2,000 watch hours and 474 new subscribers and I was monetized so it happened that quickly four months once I decided I just needed to get consistent and uh once I put my plan in place uh it happened for me now is this always going to happen no no uh and I do have some ideas as to why it happened for me uh the way that it did and I think the number one thing besides having a consistent plan uh I think the number one thing was that I was making videos that helped people solve a problem uh every one of my videos was teaching people how to do something uh and the fact that I was responding to all of my uh subscribers all of my viewers um with videos that they were asking for right I was never in need of coming up with a an idea for a new video because I had a list of 10 to 20 because people kept asking me for more more videos videos on this videos on that and uh uh so they were feeding me the ideas all the ideas I needed so I was being as helpful as I could and I was building trust with my audience and I think that's the key that's the key it allowed me to grow as quickly as I did and I got my first paycheck from YouTube uh for June and it was $28 a modest amount it's not going to pay any bills but uh I was on my way and I knew all I had to do was keep on doing what I was doing and that was probably going to keep on growing and other opportunities would open up as well because you can make money through YouTube uh or with a YouTube channel uh in way more ways than just through their ad Revenue um and I started to do that in the months that followed so let me just tell you though before I wrap this up tell you about the month after that in July um I had a video go viral so I was expecting I think I was kind of expecting maybe around 4,000 watch hours uh based on how my growth was going and and uh how the live streams were growing uh but what happened was I made one video that was a little bit different I took a chance and I made a video that was a little bit different than all my other videos um it was still targeted to the same audience I knew who my audience was they were people who were editing videos uh with Camtasia um mostly for other people so I made a video that that basically said if you're over 40 years old I think you should start your own YouTube channel and that resonated with a lot of people way more than just my subscribers so what happened was in July I got instead of the 4,000 watch hours I was hoping to get I got over 30,000 watch hours uh because of that one video that one video uh pushed me up over 16,000 subscribers um brought in over 12,000 subscribers that month that video alone uh uh because it really resonated with people so do I am I saying you need to have a video go viral for this to work for you no not at all uh I'm I'm hoping that what I demonstrated was that I was on my way anyways before that video Hit um and and but what happened was instead of the $200 that I made in June for July I made almost $1,700 uh and then it came back down in the months that followed but has since uh grown to surpass that the results of the plan that I put in place in March of last year uh and what what I did in those first four months the result of that is that I am now a full-time YouTuber no the AdSense money alone is not enough to pay all of the bills uh it it certainly has grown and continues to grow uh but I'm now making money from other sources like affiliate commission course sales I created a couple of courses and I'm making some more as well coaching I started off offering coaching and I'm developing a uh a mentorship program uh there's just a whole bunch of things that that brand deals um what else is there something else I'm missing something anyways there's a whole bunch of other ways you can make money once you have a channel uh that uh you build that's helping people you know people need help with all kinds of things not just video editing um so hopefully this video will kind of open your eyes a little bit as to as to how uh you can grow a channel um and how you may be able to apply what I've done to what you are doing uh and the types of videos that you want to make it all starts with coming up with a plan develop a plan put systems in place that help you uh create more videos faster and help you uh follow your plan to uh reach the goals that you want to you want to reach um you can do this you can do that it's not rocket science yes I'm still busy I still busy I'm very busy I'm probably busier than I was before but uh I love what I'm doing uh and I probably won't have to stay this busy forever uh as the channel grows you can kind of sit back a little bit more maybe not make I'm still making one to three videos a week uh the three video weeks are quite busy uh and I'm still doing my live streams every week because I absolutely love those they're a lot of fun uh and if you want to join me in the next one Tuesday 2:00 1:00 Eastern 2 o'clock here in Halifax uh uh I'll be live again so uh yeah that said I hope you found this helpful uh you can do this you just got to put a plan in place and follow it and before you know it you'll be where I am or way past where I'm at thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video all right bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @servingtheonlycreator7428 [2 likes]: I'll be monetized soon. Thanks for the help.
  2. @buildwithtom [1 likes]: Great video Rob!  Fellow maritimer eyeing YouTube over here!  Thanks for the solid advice and figures.
  3. @Cooking-withE [1 likes]: I just started mine not long ago! Keep up the great content!
  4. @Karolina.InnerShift [1 likes]: that was very useful and motivating :) thank you
  5. @ThreadedNerd [1 likes]: Thanks! I am just getting started and was starting to get stuck on where I should start with my content because I have ideas.. lots of them LOL .. I have a goal to drive traffic to my apparel site but ultimately want to create content that will help customers/audience relate to me and want to buy the shirt designs I make. But trying to decide how to get started or make an initial plan was starting to feel impossible because I am not used to putting myself out there and being on camera. I am going to check out your next video about camera confidence 101 LOL.. I'm 45 and wanting a change. It's time.
  6. @StankaSimonovic [1 likes]: Thank you! I started my channel 10 days ago and I’m really excited. I truly love what my channel is about. Hoping I can grow it and get an audience. Your video is amazing!!!
  7. @LongiBrudda [1 likes]: Thank you for this. I've watched the whole video and took notes but to paraphrase the key message (for me anyway) is "Develop a plan, put systems in place to create and upload content quickly, and follow your plan". Is that broadly right?
  8. @Kingfish888 [1 likes]: You go Rob! Very impressive & inspiring. I’m launching my 1st YouTube channel any day & I needed this pep talk.
  9. @edasjourney [1 likes]: Good luck all 🎉
Sometimes it is so difficult to keep going.. we give up too easy when we don’t see anything much at the start whereas if we did take in to account the small wins and steps it would be way more motivating - I guess 🙈
  10. @Fon10s_Perspective [1 likes]: I started my channel and posted my first video on this month. Thank you Rob.
  11. @brianphelps6607: How did you pay the bills during the first 4 months? If you work a 9-5, there's no space for 3 videos per week and all those revenue sources.
  12. @TheFinReaperBowfishing: Maaaaaan im trying to build ! Keep it going bro
  13. @mg.shahriar: Reality is crazy sometimes, while working full time and after spending 10 hours in front of screen then come back home sometimes do not feel like spending extra minutes to make videos. But still keep going. Will replace 9 to 5 one day with youtube. Keep going guys.
  14. @NelsonDIYFix: I actually followed your advice before about not forcing videos to friends/Facebook and just letting YouTube find the right audience.

Back then I only had around 100+ subscribers, now I’m close to 1k. Consistency really works 👍
  15. @mschreib: Stand still & what are you 
talking about? You ramble
  16. @MensHairReviewGGR: Have been trying to do this for the past 3 years now and I think one of the hardest parts is staying committed & consistent! Thank you for the inspiration
  17. @shelliwiser9530: his background is deja vu of a nightmare. traffic jam and high speed chase. walking. weird
  18. @SimpleZ1997: I have to ask after just starting on YouTube. Can anyone really make it on this platform? It seems like such a long journey to make it
  19. @elizabethsonga7698: I'm 70 I need to do YouTube. What do I need.
  20. @DavidMichael-bi3jw: 4 months? you are one of the lucky ones. It took me 18 months to monetize my channel, only to find out they pay $1 per 1000 views. Rather learn a high income skill, dont waste your time on YT. The reality is it wont take you 4 months, and the rewards will be low.

- How YouTube Changed My Life (Even Without Going Viral): Kind: captions Language: en When you hear the phrase YouTube success, what images come to mind? Is it the rush of going viral, the thrill of millions of subscribers, or the flood of sponsorships lying in your pockets? Those were my dreams, at least at the start. But the truth is, my YouTube journey has been anything but a fairy tale. I haven't hit the jackpot with a viral video. I don't have millions of views or subscribers. And although I'm yet to achieve that typical YouTube success that we all think of, there's still something inside me that just keeps me posting on here. And I think this is because YouTube has just become so much more for me now than just chasing views and brand deals. It's become more of a journey of personal development for me now. And after these two years, I can honestly say that I have grown more as a person than I have any other time in my life. And so on this video, I just want to talk about how YouTube has changed my life even without going viral and having tons of subscribers and all those HelloFresh brand deals that you know they're not subscribed to themselves. But what are you doing? So, back when I started uploading 2 years ago, I didn't have a clear why behind why I wanted to do it. Honestly, guys, I was drawn to the idea of it, but I had a lot of fear and uncertainty as well. You know that nagging voice in your head that always says, "You're not good enough. What if they don't like you? What if you get made fun of or they give you hate comments and you're just going to fail?" And so, for all these years, I let those fears hold me back. I didn't want to put myself out there just to fail. About 10 years ago, I was working for one of my best friends at the time who had a massive YouTube channel, about three million subscribers, and I was his right-hand man, supporting him behind the scenes, but I never started my own. I never stepped out in the spotlight. I was more like the supporting I was I was Robin >> here, pal. I got this. >> Mikey, don't. >> Hey, Orace. >> Excuse me. Oh, Mikey, what are you doing? >> Don't worry, Josh. I got him. I absolutely loved being the part of the world and having those friends that had those huge channels and I got to play that little part here and there, but I always felt like I was playing the supporting role in my life because at the end of the day, I was the cheerleader on the sideline. I was helping him and others create content, but I wasn't actually forging my own path. And unfortunately, that was just like a theme throughout my life. I always found myself stepping back instead of stepping up. I was just convinced that I wasn't meant to be the leading man. I was the supportive character and that was as good as it was going to get. and I watched others succeed and I was genuinely happy for them. But I also just saw the years go by where I just stayed stagnant. But as I started to enter my 30s, that's when that narrative just started to wear thin. I felt dead inside only working that 9 to5 that wasn't giving me a creative outlet and wasn't allowing me to just forge my own path. I started to think about what other things I could do with my life at this point. And YouTube still kept coming up in my head, but I was batting it away. And then I eventually got to the point where, you know what, it's gonna be 10 years from now and you're going to think, what if I did it? What would have happened? And I just could not live with not giving it a shot. It scared me to death. But I just said, okay, let's do it. Again, I had no idea what I was going to make my channel about. I was terrified. I didn't exactly know if I was going to stick with it longterm or not. I have ADHD and I always tend to just quit projects really early on in the process. And I just kind of thought that this is something that was going to be just like that. So at 31 years old, as scared as I was, I set up my camera in a tiny corner of my apartment, which you're looking at now. And I hit record and I started talking to a camera. It was weird. I wasn't good at it. Was always good at talking to myself. But this was another weird one cuz now I'm looking at myself, too. And I always knew that this was going to take time to build momentum. I wasn't going to be successful overnight. I wasn't going to be good at this overnight. I saw my friend take years and years and years just to get to 20,000. And then it was more exponential from there. But the initial stages were going to be rough. But I just want to see if I could do it. If I could just create videos that people would actually want to watch. They'd actually sit down and watch me talk for minutes at a time instead of scrolling on TikTok. And I just so desperately wanted to carve out something in my life that was just meaningful to me outside of my 9 toive job that I actually had control over. Or at least I thought I had control over. Yeah. If you would have told me 2 years ago that I would have had over a 100 long form videos made by now, I would have thought there was just no way. Especially cuz I have never received any sort of instant gratification from this because it's always just been a very slow grind. But here's the thing, I haven't quit yet. I think the silver lining I found is even though YouTube has challenged me in so many ways and this growth has seemed almost impossible, it's also given me that sense of perseverance that I never had before where I still stuck with something even without instant gratification. And I think a massive reason for this has been that small community that I've built. Ironically, I was really scared to have a community at first cuz I'm a perfectionist. When I put something out there, I want it to be good. And I knew my first handful, probably a couple dozen videos were going to be absolutely trash. And I just didn't want anyone to see them. And that was holding me back from publishing. But then after a few, I realized that no one was even watching. But this was a great thing because it just allowed me to express myself a lot more and know that, okay, I'm just putting in reps. People aren't going to be watching these. And eventually I will be less than terrible and then if people watch them I will feel a little bit easier about that. But once I started to get those comments, they weren't just like random comments. They were comments from people that really connected with the videos that I was sharing. And I began to receive comments from people that were just sharing their own experiences, their own struggles. They could just relate with me on that level. And it was really cool. And I was realizing that my vulnerability was just allowing me to connect with others that I just never realized I could. Every time I get a comment from you guys, I'm just so thankful and I'm happy to read it and it's just cool that I'm connecting with you guys. It just makes me want to continue to do this. When I read that my videos help someone feel seen and understood, it's just a great feeling. When I realize that YouTube isn't just about the content, but it's also in a lot of ways about the connections that we make. It's no longer a YouTube channel for me. It's a community. Even if there's a few people coming, knowing that I am helping them, it's it's enough. And upon getting all those comments, it just reinforced that I was actually like striking a nerve to some extent. And it was allowing me to just lower my guard a little bit more and be even more vulnerable. I started sharing my struggles and my fears and opening up about things on here that I wasn't even sharing with the closest people in my life, talking about my battles with anxiety and depression and ADHD and being a short king. I'm 5'10". Is that is that short king? Let me know in the comments. I think I just made the cut. And YouTube has just allowed me to become more passionate and more considerate and just more open about the world around me. I've learned to appreciate the journey and celebrate small wins and getting comfortable with being uncomfortable and to just not quit on something when I'm not getting instant results. This has been a 2-year long journey without any significant ROI and I'm still doing it. So obviously there's a reason for that. There is something that I have found on here that keeps me coming back to where I would have normally quit a long time ago. And I really believe that this newfound commitment has just come from this audience that I've built and making sure that I'm showing up for the few people that are watching and that I'm able to just organize my life in a way where I'm able to film this video on a Saturday and then being able to make sure I have enough time next week to edit it after work and just continuing to be uncomfortable and just put you guys first. But in doing so, I've learned to prioritize my time and manage my energy so I'm able to handle all those things. I definitely want this channel to hit those milestones that people think of when they think of successful channels. And I know that when I hit those goals, it's just going to be such a great feeling knowing that I did it all on my own. And I couldn't have done it without you guys. But I put in the work for years, even without seeing any of the results, and I didn't quit on myself. If you're thinking about starting a YouTube channel, I say do it. But do it for the right reasons. Don't do it just to make money because there are so many better ways to make money. You need to find that why like I have and be okay with knowing that it's going to be a long grind. But I don't think you'll regret it. You'll learn so much about yourself along the way. In just these two years, I've grown more than I could ever imagine. And the journey itself has been the most rewarding part. I haven't gone viral yet, but that's no longer why I'm doing it. I do it cuz I love you guys. And I'll see you in that next video later. I like Kangaroo Jack. I thought it was a fantastic movie and uh hopefully you give it a shot. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @batallayoutube [2 likes]: great content! keep it up man, you’re going places
  2. @rebeccalandrum [1 likes]: proud of you!
  3. @WrittenReflectionsDevon: Hey Blake Great video. Do you think getting subscribers and views is sometimes just based on getting lucky with Youtube's algorithm? Or do you feel like Youtube is good & is treating you well with their algorithms?

- "Mastering Happiness: The Watermelon Lesson": Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] once upon a time in a small village there lived a wise old Monk he was known far and wide for his wisdom and sense of humor one day a young and eager student named Sam approached the master and said master I want to learn the secret to happiness and success please teach me master Sito looked at Sam with a twinkle in his eye and said very well young one But first you must complete a simple task go to the market and buy the biggest juiciest watermelon you can find then carry it on your head and walk through the village without dropping it Sam was puzzled but determined he went to the market and found a massive watermelon balancing it on his head he walked through the village with utmost concentration as he passed by people couldn't help but laugh and cheer him on some even joined in clapping and making funny faces finally after a bumpy Journey Sam reached Master setu's Hut the watermelon was intact and Sam was relieved he looked at Master situ expecting to be praised for his accomplishment but mastercito burst into Laffer well then young won he exclaimed wiping tears of Mirth from his eyes you see the secret to happiness and success is simple just like carrying that watermelon life can be full of challenges and unexpected twists but if you face them with a light heart and a sense of humor you will find Joy even in the toughest moments Sam couldn't help but laugh too realizing the wisdom in master sito's words from that day on he approached life with a smile facing challenges with the same determination he used to carry that and whenever he felt overwhelmed he would remember the funny watermelon lesson and find the strength to keep going you see in life in your life Embrace challenges with a sense of humor and you will find that life's journey becomes a joyful Adventure filled with laughter and success he determined but don't take yourself so seriously whenever you feel down or defeated remember something funny that once happened to you this is there to do motivation stories thank you so much for watching stay blessed

  Top Comments:
  1. @心が劇的な物語 [1 likes]: To anyone reading this right now — we may be strangers, but I’m sending you my warmest wishes for peace, happiness, and a life full of gentle moments
  2. @GrandadStory [1 likes]: I used to get so embarrassed whenever I made a mistake in front of a crowd. I once tripped over my own feet during a wedding toast and felt like hiding forever 🤦. Then I saw everyone laughing and I decided to just bow and laugh along with them. Now I see that carrying my heavy burdens is much easier when I don't take myself so seriously 🍉. Finding the humor in my bumpy journey is key. ❤❤
  3. @S9nDfk_v [1 likes]: It's peaceful
  4. @bhupinderdhaliwal920: Very nice story
  5. @David2desert: The comments have convinced me that this is not worth watching. Thank you everyone. You still have no idea what you're talking about
  6. @BolhaEvolutiva: Linda história , um abraço do Brasil. 🇧🇷
  7. @Nyx.Stories-01: Very good❤
  8. @gachayaya6017: I loved this video! ❤🎬
  9. @PabloTinho1: Wow
  10. @dodgedaytona9090: 😊
  11. @rutujaughade9504: For me happiness comes from within... ❤
  12. @DadDad-w9i: The narrator has a flat voice , is this more AI shit .
  13. @FamilyInsightPatternsOfficial: awesome https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhNUoIyiEJI
  14. @HeartShiftStories-y9e: Embrace challenges with the sense of humor . 😊❤️
  15. @valeriezaitzieff1462: Enjoy the sweetness of life & spit out the pits! 🥰
  16. @thestory-abc: Moral of the story is to be able to laugh at yourself. Humor is the key to happiness
  17. @Story-hook1: focus on you.
This is insightful
  18. @marnie_onetouch6247: Simple but impactful story. I am taking this lesson home with me
  19. @MeaningSeekerPod: Excellent. Grateful for this. Thank you 🙏🌀🥳😅🍉
  20. @AwarenessofThoughts: Very nice

- How to become an influencer in 2024 | get PAID brand deals as a small creator (tips no one shares!): Kind: captions Language: en there is absolutely no gatekeeping this here are the rates that I charge as a nano influencer hi everyone my name is Jesse and welcome back to another episode of table talk a video podcast Series where we sit down at my dining room table and chat about all things life [Music] together as of right now I have under 2,000 followers across all of my social media platforms and yet I have still managed to land paid campaign deals with brands and get on PR list for well-known beauty and fashion brands as well but Jesse how come here come closer let's get into the credentials first if you're new here then you should know that I work as a full-time content creator influencer and in freelance social media marketing why is this important because one of my freelance gigs involves working as a PR manager this means that I see the back end of every influencer's numbers ranging anywhere between 1,000 to over a million followers your fave influencer makes enough to pay for their future child's tuition based off of one sponsored YouTube video just let that sink in with all of the negotiations that I handle on a day-to-day basis I know influencer contract terms and rates like the back of my hand I then used all of the experience that I've gained throughout the years of PR management to then negotiate and land my own deals as a nano influencer and as the thumbnail States we are not gatekeeping around here no no so grab your cameras and grab your lighting because I'm I'm going to teach you how to be an influencer lesson number one you have to look the part yes the influencing world can be very superficial but I don't mean change your appearance no no no no stay true to who you are what I'm talking about is your digital media present pull up your Instagram is it private pull yourself together pull yourself together if you want to be a public figure then you're going to have to go public with your account I want you to change your account to either a Creator account or a business account this is crucial to starting your content creator or influencing Journey because by changing your Instagram account to a business or Creator account it will unlock so many tools that you can use to help your account grow like Instagram analytics trending audios and also contact buttons next I want you to change your bio to include the three niches that you are interested in covering or creating content for for instance mine are Fashion Beauty and lifestyle this will not only help those specific Brands to find your account but it will also help you grow your audience who are also interested in those specific niches the more specific the niche the better so for example sustainable fashion plus-size fashion petite fashion mental health holistic Wellness the list can go on but the more specific the niche the better it is for Brands to find you after you have solidified your niches I want you to add your email address into your bio and I don't just mean in the contact feature button I want you to physically add your email in your bio why because when most agencies or brands are looking for influencers to source for their next gifting or for their next PR list nine out of 10 times they are using a desktop to then add all of these influencers into a spreadsheet the email and contact buttons do not appear on Instagram's desktop layout so the chances of a brand or an agency skimming your profile because they can't find your contact information are extremely high you want to make it as easy as possible for Brands to contact you when it comes to putting you on their giftings or PR list adding your email directly to your bio is the best way to do that think of your Instagram page and your bio as your digital resume for Brands whatever you post matters to them and that leads us into creating aesthetic content for Brands lesson number two you can't expect for Brands to reach out and gift you if you don't post about brands in the first place so to start off use what you already have it's so easy ready some examples for you film one outfit reels take an outfit of the day photo take a flatlay photo of makeup products that you already have and film a makeup reels also using like a cute little get ready with me capturing photos are realistically the easiest thing to do because it requires minimal editing compared to filming and editing of reals once you have those assets shot and ready to go then you can upload it to your socials you can get more into how to shoot aesthetic content build an aesthetic feed and plan out your socials but that would just take way too too long if you're interested in learning more about that then comment below and I can make a separate video about it lesson number three work smarter not harder there's so many influencing platforms out there that will do the Outreach for you each platform Works differently but the general gist of it is that you sign up using your email address you plug in your social media handles and then the brands will gift you products in exchange for a set of deliverables what are deliverables deliverables are a set amount of content that a brand expects you to deliver in exchange for free products this could be an Instagram story an Instagram reals Tik Tok a YouTube integration a dedicated YouTube video again the list goes on and sometimes Brands will package these different deliverables but whatever it is brands are always looking for Nano influencers and Nano influencers are anyone with a 1,000 to 10,000 following range they're always looking for Nano influencers to gift free products to because in the grander scheme of things it is cheaper for Brands to gift Nano influencers in exchange for free content rather than paying thousands for a bigger influencer to promote their product the platforms that I first started on were skers it was known as octal as the time but they went through rebranding and buttermilk skers is an influencer platform that provides influencers direct communication with a Brand's marketing team you get 5 to eight credits per month meaning chances to pitch yourself and then you essentially pick which brands you'd like to work with and write a short pitch to them then the brand can choose which influencers they want to work with and you get sent the product within a week to create content with with skers you have to post whatever set of deliverables that the brand gives to you within a certain time frame but it's in exchange for some really good free products so if you have the time to do it then why not I've used skers to personally partner with Brands such as fi fresh Beauty termalica and the list goes on buttermilk is a simpler platform for this one I just signed up using my email address and plugged in my social handles Brands will then filter through the network of influencers through this platform and they will directly Outreach to you with their own set of deliverables if they see that your profile fits their brand Aesthetics most of the time I'm not required to create content for these Brands but I choose to because buttermilk usually hooks me up with high-end brand Partnerships like giorio Armani and Valentino Beauty and I personally still use these platforms till this day depending on my bandwidth because I'm now prioritizing paid campaigns which I will get into later lesson number four get brands to notice you be sure to tag the brands that you're mentioning and use specific hashtags as well to attract the brands I've personally stopped outreaching to Brands I don't do Outreach at all anymore because it just takes up too much time in addition to all of the freelance work that I do so I just focus my energy into creating consistently good content in order to get noticed by Brands but if you want to get noticed by a specific brand then make sure you film or shoot content that pertains to that specific brand and only tag that one brand in that post so for instance I am on Lawless Beauty's PR list thank you I love you guys sincerely my favorite lip glosses in order to get noticed by them even more I use what they send me and I just create dedicated videos for that brand and I only tag that brand on Instagram most of the pr list that I'm on and most of the gifting that I have received is because I consistently post and Brands will eventually start to notice you I can't think of any other reason why these Brands would reach out to my email address that I put in my bio other than the fact that I just consistently post within their niches lesson number five know your worth there is absolutely no gatekeeping this here are the rates that I charge as a Neto influencer these prices do not include exclusivity rights or ad usage fees because they should be separate fees guys don't sell yourself short working on the back end of PR management I know that my rates are industry standard two important things that you need to keep in mind when pricing yourself are your quality of content and your engagement rate your following count does not matter when it comes to gifting as a PR manager I've turned down influencers with over a 100,000 followers cuz we have a software system that tells us how many of their followers are bought and what their engagement rate is and their engagement rate is typically below a 1% the engagement rate basically means how many likes comments shares and saves that your post typically gets in correlation with how many followers that you have an average engagement rate is typically 2% so if you're a small influencer feeling discouraged then just remember that a top tier influencer that you know may not have as authentic of an audience as you have or put as much effort into the quality of their work like you do and that's one period guys I've seen influencers with hundreds of thousands of followers or with like million followers just do a simple stitched reals and charge like $10,000 for it it's insane if you don't have a good engagement rate and you don't have an authentic audience 10 out of 10 times Brands will not want to work with you and I think that this is why the rise of Nano influencers is so high because of the fact that we are so good at building an authentic and engaging community and this leads us to lesson number six no one ever talks about buying followers that's not really a lesson it's more so a statement you never see anyone admitting to this but I feel like it's very much a thing in the Hollywood influencing world if you think about it your fave celebrity or influencer has over 1 million followers and gets 100,000 likes per post what don't you think that they would get at least half the amount of likes like 500,000 or if you even bring it down to a smaller scale there are some influencers who have 10,000 followers but they only get 200 to 300 likes per post the math ain't math in there back in college when I only had 900 followers I did buy 100 followers to reach that 1,000 follower Mark but that's about it have I been tempted to buy more followers yes absolutely but that hasn't happened guys I'm staying strong out there I'm trying to build an authentic Community some influencers do luck out and they have post or a few posts go viral and they get authentic engagement and followers through that but that's not always the case everything is very surface level in this industry so just remember to not get too into your head when it comes to comparing yourself with other people that you see online and that leads us into lesson number seven don't psych yourself out and don't get too carried away in the influencing world I've been to a handful of influencing events that have just made me uncomfortable because of how entitled some people can be and I get it because with the amount of stuff that you get for free as an influencer content creator whatever you want to call it it can truly get to your head but remind reming yourself of your why can help you in remaining humble and just you know minding your own business and staying outside of the messy side of the influencing world for instance my why is because I want to make an impact on at least one person's life in my lifetime if what I create can help inspire you give you more knowledge or help you live a better life then I have done my job I do say all the time that my goal is to be monetized on YouTube and that is because being more financially secure and being able to get give back to the people that I love is also one of my wise but I say all of this to remind you guys that it's not just all about getting on to PR list or getting free things or getting invited to these exclusive cool events create for a reason and everything else will follow wrapping things up with our final lesson number eight don't quit your day job unless you are making those 20K to 60k Deals do not under any circumstance quit your day job you never want to risk your financial security while you're chasing faing your dreams you want to be smart about this as a nano influencer the extra cash that I get from Paid brand deals goes to my bills or if I'm too tired to cook that month I will order takeout that month instead from one Nano influencer to the next continue to create while still keeping your day job until we come up and make it big then we can quit our day jobs so let's continue to create beautiful things and chase our dreams together if you haven't already be sure to click that like button and subscribe to my channel for more inspirational content I really hope that you guys were able to find something helpful from this video I try to be as transparent as possible but if I missed anything then be sure to just ask any questions that you may have in the comments and I will 1,000% answer them and with that I will see you guys in my next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessyyyyc [360 likes]: I’m going to add a new pinned comment while I work on responding to some comments! I explained this in multiple comments but I’m in no way trying to shade people who buy followers or engagement. It happens and there’s nothing wrong with it at all. I know that it’s 1000% an ever-changing algorithm issue (especially with IG. 😭) But I still wanted to make a section about buying followers and engagement to help smaller influencers not feel so discouraged about their numbers! Through my PR work, I’ve seen bigger influencers with accounts that have more than 60% bots as followers. No shade but also not a statistic that should be ignored, especially for people just starting! The influencing world is insane and I just wanted to help others not feel so discouraged about their numbers. Hope that helps clear anything up! All love here in this Table Talk community. 💞
  2. @Milowvc [9 likes]: Thank you for sharing 😊 Im not giving up on my channel 💪💪💪
  3. @AkwrdButrfly6669 [1 likes]: Absolutely love your honesty, integrity, and authenticity. I almost never subscribe when watching the first video, but you got ny instant, yes. My first, like, want-to-support-this-person feels, without any additional information EVER !!! (ngl im huge about research, my professional degree is in R&D) You are THAT good and this content was so exactly the answer to my musings that I am floored by it. Great work, and you seem like a super cool nerdy smart fun chick who i would so likely spend waaaay too much time chatting with excitedly about just any topic because ur wonderful to talk to.  Swear I'm not a stalker or anything.  I simply chose to fully embrace my weird. What was a childhood tease is now my badge of honor.  I am Akwrd, yes, i know... it's not just an appropriate nickname - it's a lifestyle!! So... ANYHOO... best wishes and ty for being you!
  4. @Heavenlygood4: Watching this because i live with abusive parents and my father almost killed me last night,didnt work in 10 years because of disabilities,hoping maybe if i take good pictures of myself i could become an IG model and run the hell put of here 😢 its so hard and embarassing to try ,but i will try:(
  5. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly ha trasformato il mio approccio ai social media. Prima faticavo ad arrivare a 1000 follower, ora ne ho decine di migliaia. La crescita è stata incredibilmente rapida e naturale.
  6. @prm4uofficial: One thing that's helped small creators land their first brand deals is creating a simple media kit showing engagement rate instead of follower count — brands care way more that you get 8%+ engagement than having 50K passive followers. Also worth noting: building a tight community of even 500 genuinely engaged people makes you more attractive to niche brands than most accounts with 10x that size. Did you find that pitching brands directly or using platforms worked better at the start? 🤔
  7. @Rhee_The_Explorer: Thanks a lot I subscribed cause of your transparency.
  8. @PaanduAle: to get brand collabs as a creator i used to spend a lot of time that effected my content because i did not got much time to create quality content. to solve this we launched heylumix an ai agent. it takes care of creating media kits, discovering the right brands in your niche, emailing, and follow-ups is hectic work. We created Heylumix AI to simplify it all. It prepares your media kit, contacts brands, and helps negotiate like a personal manager.
  9. @dranktf: Well no. Some do buy followers, but it’s purely based on the algorithm of the app that dictates how many people see your content. I have 100k followers and have over 5million engagement, but only 10% of my followers actually see every post.
  10. @prm4uofficial: One thing that pairs well with your brand deal tips — having a consistent content series (even just 3-4 videos on one theme) makes your pitch to brands way stronger because they can see you own a specific topic, not just random uploads. Curious, when you're reaching out to brands, do you lead with your engagement rate or your niche audience fit?
  11. @shernielyn3046: Thank you so much for your transparency, I appreciate you! 🎉
  12. @nochappp: Tysm for ur video!! I’m just starting out and ur video helped so much! I’m gonna binge watch ur videos now!tysmmmm!
  13. @Hotboxaep: mind you this a free video that people pay courses to watch
  14. @maevdw: I emailed you:))
  15. @Sharonidama: I really liked how you explained each point
  16. @v.valerievision: I finally decided to get out of my head and going to start posting on YouTube wish me luck
  17. @linasarin2326: Hi Jesse, thanks for being honest, your vDO is so inspiring. I actually watched your this vdo once last year. But here I am again watched all your series. You can be a good mentor, I hope
U are mine mentor, the idea of posting myself out there is scare me, but then the ideas of wanting to try come back again and again every year to me
  18. @TysonVGuitar: The nano influencer route is extremely underrated. As someone who has hired people strictly from first doing things for free, its one of THE BEST ways to ever get your foot in the door and get people to give you a chance :D Great tips in the video!
  19. @christineguo06: 10:28 i have had my instagram account sine 2016, never bought followers because i was young, have 1640 followers now from over the years, but my ratio is also very bad😭like recently an average of 160 likes
  20. @escilipeww: Sooo 2026 starts and i have this extreme feeling to do some silly thing. So yeahh thats all😛

- How To Get Brand Deals As a Small Influencer: Kind: captions Language: en what is going on guys today I'm going to be going over how to get paid as a small Creator getting brand deals how to reach out to different brands how to find out who to reach out to how to do it in a professional way where they're more willing to respond to you potentially get paid when I had under 10,000 followers on my social media platforms I was still making thousands a month off of brand deals by leveraging these three different things they might seem obvious but 90% of content creators do not do this enough the first than going into it again you should watch the last two videos that I've made you have to learn how to provide value in your content niche-based content build a niche-based community and really be involved with that Community you're not going to be able to get brand deals if the companies that you're trying to reach out to see people not consistently coming back engaging with you you need to be engaging with your audience you need to provide value consistently and make them want to keep coming back little a loyal following now once you do that you need to learn how to Market yourself to Brands and learn how to outreach out to them I had the blessing of having the main brands that I first started working out with back in 2020 they reached out to me Bradley Martin dm' me to work have me work with raar a clothing line at the time and rise reach out to me I believe or no it was there a friend I think that connected me work out with them so I didn't have to worry about doing much Outreach but the thing is dude social media is growing so much now it is easier now more than it has ever been to reach out to these companies and this is how you do it the first step is you want to find the athlete manager or the affiliate manager for whatever company that you were potentially trying to work for now the way you do this step one is you got to go to apollo.io make an account and once you this is not even a sponsor make an account once you make an account type in the name of the company that you potentially want to partner up with or work with or promotee from there you can find usually the marketing or athlete managers and their email you can also sometimes find their phone numbers this way although I feel like it's less intrusive to just send an email if you don't hear back in a week or so send a followup and then if that doesn't work then send a text over make sure in that email you provide value show them the engagement that you've had you can show them your analytics show them the following that you've built the niche that you build the vision that you have for your social media and really just provide a bunch of value don't be hitting them up being like yo will you guys pay me x amount of bread for me to post a story post no let's say it's a something the company you're trying to work with you find their athlete affiliate manager you reach out to them say hey I've been social media blah blah blah 6 months now I've gained a little bit of a loyal following so far this is the type of content that I make I'm doing this fulltime now I'm really trying to make it a big thing trying to find some companies that would take a risk on me I would love to promote your product let me know if there's any way maybe I could get a pre-workout or a protein powder I'll make some crazy ugc content for you guys you guys can use can't wait to hear back from you you want to provide content for them anyway a lot of these Brands they don't mind sending you something that cost them $10 in return for ugc Content most companies are going to be fine with doing that they do that for free anyways if you're a smaller influencer don't hit up like crazy big huge companies I would say you want to maybe find some of like the smaller more upand cominging companies uh and they're probably more likely to be willing to work with you sometimes a lot of these really really bigname companies let's say if you hit up young LA and you're a small influencer with like a thousand followers I doubt they're going to send you some free young La you know what I mean but if it's like an upand coming clothing brand they more likely are probably willing to send you like a pump cover to wear in your content to make some ugc stuff for them now when it gets to the point where or maybe if you're a little bit of a bigger influencer and these companies want to bring you on board I've already talked to plenty of these guys that I have as clients in my inner circle who try to present you contracts get you to sign contracts offer I don't recommend doing that without a manager if you join the Inner Circle right and you're getting some progress by learning what we teach you you have access to people like my manager so if you have a brand deal come across your table we will look at it we'll tell you what we think about it and maybe even help you get a better deal for it I think one of the biggest mistakes that we've had to kind of learn in my 5year run so far on social media is in the beginning we didn't really understand how that works there's a lot of sneaky things sometimes companies will put into contracts that will either lock you in for a long time or even after you're done with it they'll keep using your likeliness there's a lot of details that go into it so make sure you have someone professional look it over you just never know what they're going to try and get out of you back when I started I went with a company called rise they uh took a chance on me and they had a thing called a the swole house it was a house that they invited us to go out to that they paid for me and a few other content creators this when I was first starting out social media I took the leap of faith I literally moved to Dallas to go and make content with them and for them and it was a lot of me taking a risk but I provided so much value to the company they were willing to give in a sense me more money down the road as I was able to kind of grow my following show them that I'm I actually serious about what I'm doing I'm not just trying to get free product that goes a long way for these companies when they see you as a hard worker and someone who is providing value and doing more than what you're just getting paid to do always give value before trying to get paid don't just try to get paid from these people off rip it's super super basic but in conclusion from this short video the three things that you need to do is provide value create Niche based content provide provide value to your followers provide value to these brands that might take a chance on sell yourself hit up these companies and sell yourself show them the vision that you have for your own stuff have social proof showing that you've already been doing it showing the trajectory of where it's going and sell yourself be like if you guys I'm blowing up I'm going to be the next big thing if you guys want to be part of it I would love to have you guys on board take a chance on me sell yourself to these companies and the third thing is protecting your name your likeliness make sure that whenever there's more specific brand deals as you grow and get bigger or these emails hit you up and they're like yo we want you to sign this contract with send you $ from make sure you have someone professional look over it don't just get green money eyes we had someone in the Inner Circle we had to literally take out of a deal and save them because they had that happen to them they didn't know how this this is how the system works when you get in social media way to fix a bunch of things in their contracts so make sure that you protect yourself have someone professional look over that stuff whenever some company takes a chance on you do more than you're supposed to provide a bunch of value whatever deliverables or ugc content you're supposed to make double it do more provide value these companies will recognize that and they will work for you more in the long run now if you want the best tool to monetize your following use max link below if you want to go check it out basically combining cenly VSS link tree typ form all into one platform as a sort of storefront for people who are trying to grow the personal brand it's 19 bucks a month but you can start it and try it out for completely free no risks to you and again if you're serious about actually trying to grow on social media if you watch some of these videos on this channel you gain any value from it and you want to work with me more one-on-one and be a part of a team of just Killers we have over 200 people of members who are all trying to strive towards doing the same thing we all build each other up we all help each other with making content it's a great networking opportunity and we have meetups two to three times per month if you want to be part of that DM me the word brand on Instagram you can check down the link down below alexbank coaching.com want to see some testimonials and kind of how we run things over there it's it's really fun it's a lot of fun I I like to say it's my mentorship but it really is just like a super high quality Community you want to be part of that check it out hope you guys enjoyed this video gain something from it comment down below what else you guys want to see me talk about SLC create whether it's from how to create a clothing brand to like I'm literally down to talk about anything I've doing this 5 years I've created a bunch of different brands and I've learned a lot and I've made a lot of mistakes so if I can teach you guys how to not make those mistakes and make some money online I'm here to do it on this channel love you guys God bless till next time peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexanderFallaria [1 likes]: Hey Alex, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  2. @ThomasBotea [1 likes]: Did this work for anyone?
  3. @rootnoteco [1 likes]: May be the first time I've heard of a creator using Apollo for this. Next level stuff!
  4. @AlexEubankBusiness: Work with me if you're ready to grow your personal brand on social media - apply.alexeubankcoaching.com
  5. @NasheedAnubhob: If any teaching I fluencers who are actively teaching in schools want brand deals, reply here
  6. @PaanduAle: to get brand collabs as a creator i used to spend a lot of time that effected my content because i did not got much time to create quality content. to solve this we launched heylumix an ai agent. it takes care of creating media kits, discovering the right brands in your niche, emailing, and follow-ups is hectic work. We created Heylumix AI to simplify it all. It prepares your media kit, contacts brands, and helps negotiate like a personal manager.
  7. @oneandonlyhacker: 🔥🔥🔥
  8. @gunfightergroup: That info is 🔥 brother, I’m watching you like it’s a new religion!
  9. @njparis: great vid thank you so much
  10. @Thatboyfromtarget: This helped me Alex, thank you.
  11. @Mstrades3: Way too much work to do. Out of 1000 probably 10 will answer. Time is $ bro this is trash advice lol
  12. @bobbyloads: This was some really good advice analytics and email to people is the way to go
  13. @Mrnobody-n1m2p: i have a brand and i need a person to promote  it for me
  14. @Signalmind01: Thanks dude
  15. @The-savage-investor: Good stuff brother love the straight forward approach
  16. @PixelMessiah: Thank u
  17. @moyoked: thank you bro
  18. @izakeyad1825: Or just get a manager, someone like me. 😊
  19. @seanzawko09: Brand. Is it too late?
  20. @leehoholia: Great insights! I’m new to fitness content and dic loak seems handy for keeping accounts organized, should I test it?

- How brand deals *actually* work in 2025 👀 What rates to charge, brand outreach, contracts + more!: Kind: captions Language: en brand deals has got to be one of the most gatekeep things when it comes to influencer marketing being a full-time content creator just the Creator economy in General brand deals how much to charge how to get them when you see somebody post an ad on social media either a sponsored post whatever hash adpost there are two things I think a lot of people don't realize first of all how much money that person is making I'm sure it's more than you think and how much admin goes into making a brand deal all the contracts negotiations the rate and so if you're a content creator who either wants to start working with brands or you are working with Brands today we're going to unpack it all the entire process from an influencer marketing perspective of how Brands work with content creators in 2024 how to make the best Media Kit how to read contracts all of it we're going to really deep dive today and today kicks off a little series that I'm starting for the next four videos for this entire month we're going to do a series called The Business of Being a content creator or the business of influencing and this is the first episode so we're kicking it off to talking about brand deals but we are going to unpack the entire behind the scenes business of content creation being an influencer we're going to talk time management organization I'm going to give my six-step 100K strategy that I've never shared in this podcast before a ton of growth tips content strategy just everything we're going to unpack for the next four videos the next four podcast episodes I'm so excited and you might be thinking why would I listen to you of all people of how to get brand deals how to grow on social media if you're new hi my name is Tess I've worked in marketing and influencer marketing for over seven years both in corporate digital and social media strategy but also as an influencer marketing manager at a skincare company hiring influencers full-time I'm also a full-time content creator on Tik Tok where I worked with over 30 brands in 2023 I've worked with 500 content creators one-on-one creating their content strategy and I'm the full-time founder of a brand that helps content creators and entrepreneurs build their content build their business and I'm just on a mission to help un gatekeep one of the most gatk kep Industries and secretive Industries so let's get into it how to get brand deals in 2024 the money that admin the contract all of it let's get into it the first thing we're going to do is unpack the overall process of brand deals from beginning to end how the whole thing works so to kick us off I have a couple stats that I think you will find really interesting that apply to the state of influencer marketing in 2024 so first of all this is a new stat that I just found influencer marketing is expected to be worth 24 billion by the end of 2024 this has gone up so much every single year people keep saying it's the end influencer marketing's dying every year more brands are learning how amazing it is to work with influencers and how the return on that investment is just such a good way to spend your marketing budget not only that 85% of brands have a dedicated budget to work with influencers which has gone up so much from 23 and 70% of Brands prefer to work with content creators with under 100,000 followers so micro influencers and Nano influencers so for all the influencers and content creators out there there is good news in the influencer marketing industry it is growing it is bigger than ever and brand deals is such a good way to make an income as a Creator so when you're a new content creator you're just kind of getting your foot in the door and you see so many people talking about brand deals and how they're making all their money a full-time salary from working with Brands and you're thinking okay but how do I actually do that that's where we're going to pack today so the process of brand deals from beginning to end there's really six steps of how you can work with a brand as a content creator so there are two ways that you can get brand deals which we will unpack in a second so there's inbound and outbound brand deals whether you reach out to them or they reach out to you but most of the time it's inbound so here are the six steps of how a brand deal Works beginning to end and again I used to work full-time hiring influencers and let me just tell you it's almost always the brand reaching out to the content creator which I do have to say if you are just starting out again is annoying to hear but we're going to get into all of it so step number one is you receive reive an email from a brand who says hey we love your content we want to work with you step number two is you probably go back and forth a little and you figure out the price that you're going to charge them step number three is you receive a contract that you read through which we will also unpack at the end of this episode step number four you sign the contract you create the content and send it to the brand step number five you might go back and forth a little bit some edits but they approve the content and you post it and then step number six is you get paid within 30 to 90 days probably via wire transfer throughout this video throughout this episode I also want to go through a lot of questions that I hear oneon-one when I work with content creators so people ask me all the time like is it normal is it safe to give it your banking information to Brands yes it is if it's like a direct deposit situation I would say almost always Brands pay content creators and influencers through a wire transfer so yes it's okay to give your direct deposit void check information brands also might pay through something like PayPal I've had it a couple of times when brands use e transfer but most of the time it's a direct deposit wire transfer so influencer marketing Brands working with creators has been around for like 10 to 15 years and the way that Brands work with creators has changed so much especially over the last 5 years or so every single year it changes but specifically recently it has really shifted for example if you saw the tar trip going around recently on Tik Tok which I'm sure you did the goal of that marketing campaign and using those influencers is that they wanted brand awareness they weren't really looking to sell product they wanted to get the name out there which is a different type of marketing campaign that you use influencers for so because of this there are three typ types of brand deals that I've narrowed down each of them have a different end goal so the first one is The Organic OG most basic brand deal which is when a brand pays you to put a product in your video or talk with them in a video and that's it that's all you get paid for the second type of brand deal on the other hand is called a boosted ad this is also called Whit listing which we'll talk about in a second but what the brand does is they take your content and they put ad spend behind it so the put like a $10,000 sometimes behind your video and it gets pushed up you know when you're on Tik Tok or Instagram you see sponsor come up that's what they do so these videos get a bunch of views because the brand is putting ad spend behind your videos to boost it up one thing I will say about this is really often times Brands act like this is your benefit they'll say this is so great you can get boosted you get more views you as a content creator will get more exposure but boosted ad brand deals whitelisting brand deals when they're going to put ad spend behind it this is actually them benefiting more than you so make sure to charge for that and the third type of brand deal is a usage brand deal where they pay to buy the usage rights to your content so they can put it on their own feed they can put it on their website they can use it so there's organic paid and usage types of brand deals all three of these are different charges that you should charge for in your Media Kit which we will talk about the good news is that because there are so many different ways that Brands want to use you as a content creator they might want to buy your content or boost your content as an ad the study that I pulled those first few stats from said that almost every single brand wants to buy your content or uses influencers mainly to get content for their own usage or as an so if you're a little bit worried about your engagement rate or maybe you don't get a lot of views that's okay you can still work with Brands because they might want to buy that content from you or boost your content as an ad okay so that's how brand deals work that's what they are that's the full process really really high level let's get a little bit more deep now into each step starting with how do you get brand deals how do you get to that first step of a brand either reaching out to you or you reach out to them and you connect with a potential campaign so there there are two types of brand deals there's inbound brand deals and there's outbound brand deals inbound is when a brand is inbound into your inbox they reach out to you via email which is the best type of brand deal and also the most popular and the other way to get brand deals is outbound so you reach out to them via email via DM and from being on the other side of it inbound is almost always the way that content creators work with Brands is from the brand reaching out to them these brand deals are so much better for you as a content creator because you have room to negotiate way more than on the other hand when you reach out to the brand like for example example if a brand reaches out to you they need you but if you reach out to them you need them so you can't negotiate as much for the rate when you reach out to them versus when they really want to work with you okay but you might be thinking how do I actually get Brands to reach out to me though like I haven't had that or maybe brands do reach out to you but it's only for gifted partnership but in my opinion the best way to get Brands to reach out to you is to set yourself up for success and put a lot of work into your brand and into your content rather than spending hours and hours hours trying to get Brand's attention so what I mean by this is that there are so many ways you as a content creator can set yourself up for success for example putting your email in your bio and when I used to look for influencers all the time I would have the task of get a spreadsheet full of 1,000 emails of influencers on Tik Tok if an influencer did not have their email and their bio I was not going to spend that time looking because I had to find so many content creators I also think one of the most underrated things about being a Creator trying to get Brands to reach out to you is having a really clear target audience because what the brand is really looking for is people who have have a similar target audience to them like when I worked at a skincare company I was looking for Content creators that had an audience that would really like my products as a skincare brand so as a brand we would Target women in their 20s women in their 30s who lived in Canada and the US so I would look for Content creators who had the same demographic so as a Creator as an influencer it's really important to have a clear demographic and you can do this in a really simple way by just having your bio like for the girlies and just having a clear target audience of who you're talking to this is just good strategy in general for growth and community building but just having a clear target audience helps a lot with Brands another really good way to set yourself up for a success is tagging Brands as much as possible like right now if you're watching on YouTube I'm wearing a black turtleneck um I have my glasses I have makeup on I have my computer like I could tag the microphone like I could tag everything on me to try to get the Brand's attention so that's another really good way to set yourself up for Success one thing I will say is brands do for the most part love lifestyle content that's probably why you see people like lifestyle vloggers and makeup content creators skincare creators they get a lot of brand deal because theand brand can so clearly see what their product would look like in that Creator's video so it's a really good thing to throw into your content if that's at all something you're interested in but if it's not that's totally fine there are so many ways that you can work with Brands like tech companies and services that you would just throw like a green screen behind you or talk about it that you can actually show a product because not every brand deal is product based for example think about better help but there's no physical product to show so even if you don't show product all the time it's okay but if you do want to work with Brands like skincare and makeup and clothes it's good to to throw some of that content throughout the only other really way to get brandels to reach out to you rather than just growing on social media setting yourself up for success is through an agency or a management company giving you brand deals those are kind of the two ways to get them one thing I have to say is getting brand deals takes so much time I think it is so normalized nowadays to just like start get brand deals when you hit 5,000 followers or it just seems like everyone makes like a full-time income or parttime income from Brand deals it is not that simple it takes so much time as you probably know to figure out what you want to put on social media who you want to be online who you want to talk to what's your style what's your Vibe like what are you going to do on social it takes so long and also remember brand deals are not the only way to make an income there's so many other ways you can make money on social media which I do have a video on that and I feel like if you're a part of the busy blooming world I feel like you are probably someone who is quite busy you have a pretty busy life outside of content creation so always try to think of the highest Roi of your time the highest return on investment of what you can do and it is a better Roi of your time to spend time and hours making content strategizing content ideas things like that rather than spending all of those hours reaching out to Brands because again most of the brand deals are inbound there are so many ways you can make money on social media so don't get overwhelmed by this if you're thinking okay but Brands don't reach out to me it takes time you got this but that being said if you do want to reach out to Brands you do feel like you have the time to reach out to them there are three main ways that you can reach out to Brands and ask them if they want to work with you the first one is just the most basic via email via DM reaching out to the brand saying hey I'm a content creator here's my link to my accounts I'd love to work with you I have a really great template that I Linked In A Tik Tok video that I will link below my biggest piece of advice if you're going to email or DM Brands is to make it all about them make it really short really concise and let the brand know why they would benefit from working with you and who your audience is why your audience would like them try to come up with one or two content ideas and Link an example video that you have so for example say you're moving and you want to do a brand deal with like a couch company or something you can reach out to them link your socials and include a video idea of in my moving Vlog I can do a video featuring your couch my audience would like it because they are also in postgrad age and also a lot of them will be moving and this will be a really great budget friendly couch for them because my audience is on a budget and then link a couple Vlog examples of their style of content that they'd be buying from you so that's the most traditional ways like email and DM you can also reach out to Brands via their website a lot of Brands like skims princess Polly they have a fill out form on their site where you can fill out your handle links to your accounts all of that one thing I will say about websites when you fill out the form on their website to work with them almost 100% of the time it is a gifted partnership because they're probably not looking for paid creators through that form they're probably more looking for PR and gifted opportunities so keep that in mind but it can be a really good way to get your foot in the door and turn those gifted collabs into paid brand deals which we'll talk about the last way you can reach out to Brands and connect with Brands via Outreach is through influencer platforms also something like Tik Tok has a marketplace where some creators can reach out to Brands but there are tons of influencer platforms like hash paid where you can log in create a profile and Brands post when they're looking for Content creators that being said again is usually a set rate you can't really negotiate but it could be a good way to work with Brands so those are the ways you can reach out to them via their website via an influencer platform or something like Creator Marketplace on Tik Tok or just via email and Via DM one thing I will say is that on the back end of how brand deals work from an influencer marketing perspective is that Brands usually have budget for influencers as the year goes on so q1 is usually the lowest and Q4 is the highest because it's holiday season so also right now we just entered Q2 when recording this episode brands are just starting to get budget back a little bit again but you hear from content creators all the time that they make the most money in November December because of all the holiday campaigns and Brands usually save their budget for the last part of the year or when they have an ongoing campaign so maybe they have a product launch coming out in June so they're saving marketing budget for June so one thing I will say is that it can be good to Brands even if you don't get anything or they don't respond right away when they have those campaigns and that budget come up they'll have you in mind potentially because you did email them so when they're looking for influencers or think okay that girl emailed us a couple of months ago we have budget now let's reach out to her so that can happen a lot of people ask me as well like what follower count do you need before you can start really getting brand deals there is no magic number for me personally I got my first brand deal on TK Tok with 3,000 followers My First Brandy on YouTube with 10,000 followers that being said there is no magic number there's also user generated content which actually doesn't require you posting content on your feed at all but user generated content is when you create content for a brand and they can just use it however they want there are so many great content creators that have ugc Guides of like how to get into ugc it's actually quite a separate industry than influencing and content creation which is mainly what I talk about but ugc is another option to create content for Brands when you don't have a big following because Brands just really need content for their own feed and ugc you see people all the time online make a full-time income off of it so I'd recommend checking that out as well if you don't have a huge following on social media yet so there's basically two ways to get brand deals inbound or outbound inbound is usually a result of social media growth a really strong brand really high quality content which we will chat about later on in this series when I talk about my 100K strategy video which will come out in the next couple of weeks which I'm so excited about but let's move on into talking about media kits rate cards and how much money to charge for brand deals in 2024 because this is one of the most secretive confusing overwhelming things so let's get into it okay so let's say You' get an email on the brand says hey we would love to work with you how much do you charge for a Tik Tok video and you're thinking I have no idea first thing I will say is of course you don't because how would you it is one of the most secretive things ever so we're going to unpack that today one thing I will say is that people sometimes make it seem like there is some sort of Benchmark for how much to charge on social social media depending on your follower count or maybe your engagement rate there is not there was also this rule floating around for quite a long time of like 4% of your following should be how much money you charge nothing like that exists I also recently when I was doing research for this episode saw somebody that said like take your following divide it by 10 add 10% and like divide it by 100 or something like there is no formula like that of how much to charge for brand deals you would be so surprised at even at influencer events and just meeting other content creators how everybody is saying like how much do you charge how much should I charge even people with millions of followers so there are basically two types of ways that you get your rate for brand deals way number one is through a manager or through an agency saying this is how much you should charge and the second way is through trial and error those are really the only two ways to get your assigned rate this whole breakdown of how to charge for brand deals took me so many years of trial and error so I'm going to unpack it all with you today so you don't have to go through what I went through of charging way too little for cont time so there are two types of rates there's a base rate and then your add-ons so your base rate is how much you charge for the piece of content for a Tik Tok video an Instagram post an Instagram story a YouTube video you have a rate for how much you charge for that content and then this is where you're going to turn $11,000 brand deals into $10,000 brand deals is through your add-ons so this is when you charge for things like usage exclusivity whitelisting and boosting Link in your bio all of that so let's talk about your base rate I say this all the time but the only thing that matters with your rate for a Tik Tok video an Instagram post a YouTube video is that it is not lower than the company's budget so for example when IID hire influencers I would have a budget of $500 for an Instagram post so when I would reach out to content creators and influencers regardless of if their rate was $700 $900 $3,000 it doesn't really matter because I only have $500 to spend on an Instagram post but that being said if someone would reach out to me and their rate was $200 I would think great I just got a $300 saving so what I'm trying to say is that your rate really doesn't matter as much as you think it does because regardless if it's 700 800 900 the budget of the brand is still the budget that the brand has so let's say for example you have 10,000 followers on Tik Tok you're going to throw out a number of $1,000 for a Tik Tok video the brand responds to you and they say perfect great that's great let's do it then you know you could have asked for a little bit more because they did not negotiate so then the next time a brand reaches out to you you say okay I'm going to charge 1,500 this time because I only did 1,000 last time no negotiated so what you really do here is you're just going up into trial and error of throwing out numbers and seeing when you're getting push back and when you're not all this being said every single brand has a completely different budget I often find as well the bigger brands have smaller budgets because people love to work with them they do a lot of gift and freed campaigns I find that the Best Brands to work with the highest budget are usually the midsize Brands so all this to be said pick a number that probably feels a little bit uncomfortable a little bit higher than you think throw it out there and if they don't negotiate you can up it a little bit more next time if they do the worst taste for them to do is say no can't do that here's our budget and then you have to make a decision but don't be afraid to ask for too much money because again worst case they're going to say no this is all we can do one thing I will say as well I hear this all the time when I me with content creators is that they feel like they're like scamming the companies or something because they're charging so much money for a brand deal it feels fake it feels wrong let me just say from being on the other side of it it's Brands get so much value out of working with content creators content creators and influencers should charge a lot of money for brand deals because you have created a target audience which is so valuable for a brand think about if a brand were to just put a billboard up that anybody can see that billboard any demographic any age anybody but say a brand works with a content creator who has a full audience of 100,000 people who are women aged 20 to 25 who are interested in skincare and they're a skincare brand that is so much more valuable because you're talking right to their target audience so Brands get so much value out of working with content creators so don't be afraid to price your rate as a Creator is a little bit uncomfortable and remember if they don't negotiate your rate is not high enough that is my personal formula of how to figure out your rate as a content creator on social media is just pick a number and do some trial and error with it for your base rate now let's talk about add-ons so add-ons is what you could put in your Media Kit underneath your rates and so there are four main things that you add on this is exclusivity usage whitelisting SL boosting and Link in BIO yes you should charge for putting a link in your bio $75 for 24 hours is really standard you might you might be thinking what are all these random words you're saying so let's break each one down in the price of each one so exclusivity is when you're working with a skincare brand and they say hey for 60 days you cannot work with any more skincare Brands and so because of that you're potentially losing out on more income from working with other brands you should be charging for that period of time the way I like to break it down is for 30 days so you charge between 30 to 50% per 30 days of your base rate so if your base rate is $11,000 for a Tik Tok you have a 60-day exclusivity on TI to you say okay I'm going to charge $500 for 30 days to have an exclusivity in our contract next up is usage rights this is probably the most expensive one really depending on how you price it but what I've seen usage is really where you make most of the money with a brand deal is when a brand says that they want usage rights to your content one thing I will say is really flag here the word in perpetuity so a brand might say okay we want usage rights in perpetuity which means they can use their content forever in my opinion I would not sign that deal because first of all you might blow up on social media and get 10 million followers and then this brand has your face that they can use on their marketing on billboards on their website on their Instagram on their Tik Tok and ads as much as they want another thing is that the brand might have a scandal that you do not want to be associated with in 5 years they can still use that content you made everywhere that you want and you're associate with them another reason I wouldn't sign a deal that says usage rights in perpetuity is because you're just losing out of a lot of potential income you could give them 12 months of usage rights and then r knew it for another 12 months if they want to use it again usage rights really has a couple different ways that you can charge for it a lot of people do just the base rate so if you charge $1,000 for a Tik Tok they want to use it for 30 days you charge them $1,000 so it's really between 50 and 100% per 30 days I've seen for usage rates some people just say a base rate of $5,000 you can use it for two years it's really up to you how you want to package it I personally think between 50 and 100% per month makes the most sense okay and lastly we have whitelisting and boosting so whitelisting is when a brand uses your content on your own account and boost as an ad so when it comes up in the sponsored feed it looks like it's your username under your account rather than being on their brand account boost it as an ad so for boosting if a brand wants to put ad spend behind your content this again is another expense that you should charge for this again normally I would say is between 50 to 100% of your rate per 30 days I always used to charge way too low for this that's probably one of my biggest mistakes was for all these add-ons they used to charge like 10% a month but you can see here how brand deals can really add up so say you charge $2,000 for a Tik Tok they want exclusivity for three months they want a year of usage they want to boost it for two months the brand tools really grow through add-ons and I see all the time content creators even when I would receive media kits all the time people don't charge for stuff like this and you definitely definitely should because again like we were saying at the beginning of the episode this is oftentimes Brand's main goal with the campaign is to get content or boost and AD that's really what they're trying to do so if you don't charge for it you're really missing out on potential income I have a Tik Tok that I'll link below where I went through all of my rates on all my social media channels from 10,000 to 60,000 followers which if you might find helpful I'll link it down below that being said my rates were not always perfect but I think it's a little bit helpful to get some sort of Baseline mainly that's for Tik Tok okay so let's move on and talk about media kits because media kits and rate cards is usually what brands ask for when they ask for your rids you'll send over a rate card so in your Media Kit in your rate card one thing I will say is don't attach this to the main email if you are emailing Brands and reaching out because first of all they might be open to giving you their budget first it's really rare you see people all the time give the advice of never give your rates out to Brands because you should always ask for the budget first brands are probably not going to tell you their budget it's a pretty bad negotiation strategy on their standpoint you could do it but I wouldn't attach rate cards just in case they do want to give you the budget but also because sometimes it goes to junk mail when you email the brand PR email and there's an attachment it can go to their junk but let's talk about media kits so I actually have a couple media kits templates for $5 Canadian I'll link down below people love them they use them all the time I always see people on Tik Tok using them which is so nice but there's also so many free ones on canva so what a Media Kit really is it's it's all the things that the brand can't see you can also really think of it as like a resume and a cover letter on your Media Kit what you want to show is again things a brand can't see so you don't want to fill it up with screenshots of your feed and things like that like a brand can look at that thems they want to see things like your demographic the age the gender the location of your audience they want to see your engagement rate your total reach things like that what I really like to put in my Media Kit is at the beginning of a little intro paragraph just about why I do what I do and who my audience really is and what I think they're interested in and then in the second part I have stats of like the demographic and also my reach what you want to do for reach in my opinion is add up the total reach across all of your platforms add them up together and put that so your monthly reach might be a million people over Instagram Tik Tok and YouTube every single month that's how many people are looking at your stuff and then when it comes to Dem demographics what I like to do is pick my biggest platform so for me it's Tik Tok I put my Tik Tok demographics and then if the brand wants to know for a different platform I'll just give them that but in my Media Kit it says Tik Tok one of the most important things I think to put in your Media Kit is links to example content so I have a template for this so in my kit I have a template for four videos and here I hyperlink in canva the link to each video but it just shows what it looks like when I work with Brands if you haven't never worked with a brand that's okay I would just Link in there product based content or content we talking about a brand or talking about something so the brand can see what they'd be buying from you okay so that's everything for media kits how much to charge all of that let's get into part four which is the final part of contracts so brand deal contracts are extremely overwhelming again it can be something that is just a lot depending on the brand you're working with some people have 20page contracts other brands do like a one pager it's totally up to the brand so I thought I would give you a little list of things to look out for if you are reading them yourself you could get a lawyer to look over it quickly if you'd like to especially the first couple of times but after a while you will get the hang of reading contracts you'll know what to look out for so I thought i''d give you my little list of like what to look out for in brand contracts I always commend F and search my contracts for the word exclusivity usage ownership and perpetuity search for your contract for those words because sometimes I've seen this so many times the brand will say they do not want usage rights they're not paying for it they don't want usage rights at all but then in the contract it says they own all of your content definitely read through the ownership part of the contract and also look for in perpetuity also really look out for potential exclusivities that could be in there that they again aren't charging you for another really good thing to look out for in contracts is a sponsored content Blackout Window this is really common to have in contracts at the end where they say you cannot post another sponsored post for 30 days that could also be something that they don't talk to you about in the email or in the meeting that you had so definitely check for that also take a look at the payment terms so a lot of the times Brands will say okay from the day that you invoice us we will pay you in 120 days that is really really big for a pay window in my opinion you could probably get it down to 60 if not 30 so definitely just ask oftentimes they'll say sure so if you've noticed it's a really big pay window like 90 days ask for 30 or 60 and they might say yes lastly when it comes to contracts always make sure to get your signed copy before making the content it's just so good to have that legally binding document especially especially I've noticed it's so common for Content creators to sign the contract send it off and they don't get their signed version back so in case something happens you don't have the actual signed document on your file in terms of files and organizing everything I personally use a little Google spreadsheet tracker I have a template linked I'll link it down below or you can do something like re which is much more sophisticated than a brand deal tracker I actually have a code for a free month of re you can use the code busy blooming I'm such a fan of re and Natalie it's amazing re is like the best tool to use for the business of content creation and being an influencer so go check it out you can use my code but having a Tracker of all the deliverables links to your contracts your rates and everything is just the best feeling ever to stay super organized one other thing I'd look for in your contract is how many iterations of content that you need because sometimes Brands will say we could have up to 10 edits of your Tik Tok which is a ton so I would cap it at around three so make sure that's in your contract that you have up to three iterations of your content if they want to change anything they can do that three times cuz refiling something more than three times is a lot of your time and for a brand deal I think that is everything I wanted to say in terms of brand deals and media kits and rates and negotiations and everything the business of being an influencer in the business of content is something that again as we always say I'm busy bling it is that deep and I want to really get deep into it all in this little four-part series that I really hope you're excited for I'm so excited to dive into everything I can't wait to show you my content strategy talk about taxes and bookkeeping and everything we're going to get into it all over the next four weeks so I hope you're excited and I hope this video is helpful as always if you have any questions comment them down below I'll do my best to answer all of them I also have a ton of content of this on my Tik Tok account so go check it out but I hope this was helpful I hope you're feeling a little bit more equipped to get brand deals and charge we need to charge in 2024 on social media and I'll see you the next episode thanks so much for watching The Busy bling podcast [Music] bye e

  Top Comments:
  1. @kudzzin2626 [1 likes]: ive landed a few deals myself on tiktok but i now want to help others find deals. if anyones interested, no strings attached let me know
  2. @sallenciabaptiste8810: Tess!!! I get 1 million monthly views on Pinterest but I’m not getting paid yet. I want to reach out to some brands or do affiliate but not sure where to start.
  3. @samaelingressio525: hi, snd what about 2026 for the artists with evergreen content type?
  4. @PaanduAle: to get brand collabs as a creator i used to spend a lot of time that effected my content because i did not got much time to create quality content. to solve this we launched heylumix an ai agent. it takes care of creating media kits, discovering the right brands in your niche, emailing, and follow-ups is hectic work. We created Heylumix AI to simplify it all. It prepares your media kit, contacts brands, and helps negotiate like a personal manager.
  5. @crescitaly: Brand deal rates can feel like a mystery at first, but one thing that really helps is being consistent with your posting before reaching out — brands want to see you're reliable, not just a one-time spike. A lot of creators use tools like Crescitaly to schedule content in advance so their channel stays active even during negotiation periods. Definitely worth having a media kit ready before any outreach too!
  6. @LindaSaltos: Omg girl thank you you are the best 
💖 
Now feeling more confident
  7. @UnPaquitoTV: This answers so many questions!  Thank you!
  8. @ShaunRobinsonMedia: Thank you for this wisdom!
  9. @Jaythetruckerr: I have been getting a lot of emails from “brands” asking if I would be interested to share a product in a video, but its hard to tell if they are legit or not…
  10. @lesshustlemorecoffee: GREAT INFO.  THANK YOU.
  11. @Yumi-louu: Love this video, can you talk more about UGC ?
  12. @alybaby898: If a brand reaches out and wants to do a 3 month collaboration, for 10 videos per month, would I just assume they want all 10 posted on my account or do they usually specify that in their email? I've had a few reach out that I think are scams, but they've been specifying that many posts in a month and I don't want to post 10 posts for their brand in one month on my personal account. I would be open to creating that many just for them to use only on their accounts. is it common to negotiate how many I'd post on my own account and how many they'd post on theirs? hopefully this all makes sense and I know you mentioned something about it at the end, but I'm still a little confused😭
  13. @danielrvilla: Thank you so much! Great overview of brand deals. I was dragging me feet responding to one that was interesting - not knowing what to ask - and your video really helps a lot!
  14. @HaileyBowen-q4d: i’m so new and a scored a brand and they gave me a discount how do i add the link to my tiktok video with the code ?
  15. @SerranoFilmCo: Thank you SO much for this video!! Super helpful information. Gained a new follower over here! 🙋🏻‍♀️
  16. @danniellw: Great video!
  17. @oriannasmom: saving this for when I'm famous
  18. @Angelesfrancoo: How can we gatekeep this video😂 ? This is GOLD!
  19. @toastylinen: what about collaboration posts on ig and youtube shorts now?
  20. @HereWithBrooke: Best content on this topic i've seen so far

- My Actual Social Media Strategy For 2026: Kind: captions Language: en We got 32.7 million views on YouTube this month. Here is how. So, I posted 35,000 pieces of content this year. We did a $100 million book launch for $100 million money models. In 72 hours, 3 days, we did over $100 million in sales. The issue that most people struggle with is that you're making not enough content, number one, and the types of content that you're making are not attracting the types of customers you want. The promise that I have for you today is that I will show you a framework that I have called SPCL, like special if you want, but it's how to build influence rather than how to get as many views as possible or anything like that. All right? All right, but it's a four-part framework and I want to break down each of the four components for you so that you can think about how you want to approach making content. All right, and building a brand in general. SPCL, these are letters and hopefully overhead cam works. All right, so S P C L. So what do these actually stand for? All right, so number one is status. And this is why you hear me talk about proof so much. But how do you define status from an operational perspective? For those of you who are new to the channel, I like to operationalize things. Meaning like I like to look at objective reality and describe how you would see it with your eyes rather than try and put a whole bunch of like emotional words around stuff because these are the like that type of language is what confused me for a very long time when I was coming up. And it was only after I started defining things by what I could see, what I could observe did reality feel like sharper, more crisp to me. And my ability to predict what was going to happen next increased by a lot. And so this is why I I talk in this way. So how do I find status? So status is someone who controls reinforcers in a given environment. So that's a little bit fancy word, but fundamentally if you control the good stuff that people want, then you will have status no matter what it is, right? And so the simplest example I have is like if you go to a bar and it's a busy bar and there's a bartender and you have to get the bartender attention in order to get a drink or booze, that guy in that moment has status. He controls a scarce resource, right? But if that guy walks out of the bar no longer controlling that scarce resource, he does not have the same status or even close to it, right? like outside of the bar, he's not getting tips every every single 5 seconds when he like moves his hands a little bit and like says something nice. People aren't waving money at him as he walks in the street. Of course not. It's because he has status in one condition and he doesn't have another. Now, what's interesting about all four of these elements that I'm going to break down, they all can work independently, but the idea is that you want all four to be stacked together. And this is what gives you the most influence, right? So, like any of these four on their own would give you influence. Like that bartender, if he just says that, he would have some level of influence. And I'll give you a different example of this. If a kid inherits money, right, they're going to have uh status, right? Like if you just if you have money, even if you didn't earn it, even if you didn't anything, if you have money, you will have some degree of status because you control something other people want. Period. That's how it works. All right? But would that kid who has money have the same status as a kid who has money who also gave you, you know, 10 different cryptocoin picks that all popped off, right? Well, if he gave you 10 different picks and you followed them and they all popped off, how much more influence would that person have over them saying, "Hey, you should put money in this." Or, "Hey, you should, you know, give me money for XYZ or whatever it is." Obviously, I'm talking money because I'm I'm a business person first, but like think about how much more influence version two would have with just two of those things versus version one. That's the difference. But if you have all four, that's when you get you become super sad. So, status is number one. So, you control scarce resources. Power is number two. I would say if I had to only pick one, I would pick power. And I'll explain why. Power comes from something in the behavioral dynamics world called say do correspondence. What that means is if I say something and then you do it and then a good thing occurs, a reinforcing event happens afterwards. You are more likely to comply with a following request. Right? So said differently. I gave you the example of the guy who says, "Hey, here's 10 stock picks." You buy them and then a good thing happens. The thing goes up. Great. So that person has status and power which is why they are more influential than the trust fund kid who just has money. And so to the same degree for many of you who are trying to make content one it's like okay status I want to demonstrate that I control a scarce resource that some people might want right um and so what makes this a little bit more muddied is that sometimes one event can check multiple boxes. And so I'll give you a simple example. When we launched the book we did 100 million plus in sales. That in and of itself, me having money from the event gives me status. Me saying, "Hey, you can launch stuff in this way gives me credibility, right? Because I show that I have an event, I have something that has happened as a result of me doing it, that gives me third party credibility. There's something that you can observe with your eyes, right? The reason that my ads do well when I have my, you know, $10 million building behind me is like, oh, well, that's hard to fake, right? And so, you have credibility there. And so, one event like selling a company can give you money. It can give you credibility. And then if I give people directions on how they can do things that are similar and then good things happen, then all of a sudden you get power. And then the last is likeness. I know I'm skipping around, but hey, we're live. We're having a good time. All right. And so credibility is number three. And I'm going to go in more detail on all these. All right. And then likeness. So what's likeness? So likeness is that you see some this is some people say relatability. This can be both uh psychological in terms of you share similar values with this person. you like you like their vibe, whatever you want to say, right? You like their behavior set and it and that behavior set matches to people who have been positive in your life in the past. Or they literally just look like you, right? So like Leila and I could talk about the exact same stuff, but she's a girl and so she's going to have more chicks who follow her than me. And for the for the few ladies who do follow me, I appreciate you. I really do. Uh but I have like an 89% male audience. And so maybe it's it's because of the topic. But I would think, you know, at my onset, I think, oh, it's because I talk about money and I talk about business, that's why I have a more male audience. But Laya, I think, is like 54% female. and she talks about almost exclusively money and business. Um obviously she talked about some mindset stuff too but I I say this to say okay if we have these four things and these are the things that create influence and I would define influence as um high likelihood of compliance with requests. So what does that mean? So, if I say, "Hey, you know, grab my new book." Or I say, "Hey, come to this webinar." "Hey, I'm going live. Like, come check it out." Or, "Hey, you should come to a workshop." Whatever it is, right? You make some sort of solicitation, and it could be like or subscribe, it doesn't matter. Like there's levels of how quot big of an ask something is. If anybody's played like a video game, it's like you have like a role for like Dungeons and Dragons, and it like depends on how how charismatic, how much influence you have, how high of a role or how low of a role rather, you'd need in order to be successful with the request, right? And so if you want to stack that stat for you, then if you want to minmax your influence, if you will, then you want to stack all four of these things. Okay, you're like, "Okay, I think I'm I'm following with this." So how does this relate to content? So first off, starting from the back, likeness, I think so much more of it is just like just be you. There's zero ROI in trying to be or act in a way that is different than who you are. It's it's a relatively trit message, but like most people are NPCs. Most people say pre-recorded scripts. They look at like the four different outfit, you know, combinations that exist for different kind of mental stereotypes. It's like, "Oh yeah, guy who loves barbecue and craft beers. Oh yeah, that's that that's that archetype. I'm just going to be that archetype." Or you've got like hipster bro who likes hipster right? Or you've got uh you know like just bro, right? You've got just like stir bro. And people somewhat put me in that status, but I also like for a few years was wearing like sandals that look like really weird. And I wore those and that was not broy at all, but like I wore them cuz they were super comfortable and I didn't have to like wear socks, which is a big thing for me. Anyways, but point is like I think what makes you unique if is if you actually lean into the the nuances that make you you and actually have a way to defend why you do what you do. Because most people don't even think about why they do what they do. And if you do things and you don't know why, it's not it's because you're following someone else's directions for your life rather than your own. weird like real. And so so much of us have been programmed by people earlier in our lives. And I say programmed as though we're like machines, but what person do you think in your life has super high max status, power, credibility, and likeness? Maxed out earlier on in your life. It's your parents, right? It's your parents. So think about all four of these elements. Status. Do your parents control scarce resources? Things you want? They've got money and they've got toys that they can buy you. They've got food. They have act like they control your shelter. Like they have huge amounts of status in your life because they control all the scarcest resources, all the things you want. These are not binaries. So don't think like, oh, I have status. I don't have status. It's to what degree do you have status, right? Like if somebody's got more money than you, they might have some status. If you've got $1 and someone's got 10 grand, they got more status than you, right? But if someone's a billionaire, they have way more status than the guy who's 10,000, right? So again, think not in binaries, yes or no, but think in continuums. So the next one is think about your parents power. How many reinforcement cycles do you assume that your parents had from the time you were born? And when I say reinforcement cycles, it means like they said do this. You did that thing and then a good thing happened. Now, you might be like, I hate my dad or hate my mom or whatever your thing is. I don't really care. That doesn't matter for this purpose. The idea is that they probably said don't go in the street or don't do that and you avoided a bad thing or do this and then a good thing happened, right? You tied your shoes the first time. You put the two bunny ears together. You tied your shoes. Good thing happened. They you followed their directions. Think about how many times a parent has given you directions and you followed them and a bad thing was avoided or a good thing happened. Many. And so it makes sense that not only do they have a lot of status, they have a lot of power. What else do they have? Credibility. Now, this is one where I think parents sometimes might lack compared to the other things. If you have a parent who also has credibility in that specific, you know, realm of whatever it is that they're talking about, then you have even more influence on you. And then finally, for a parent, are they like you? Yeah, they literally look like you, right? And often times they share similar values to you to a degree. Obviously, some people just go polar opposite from their parents. That's fine. But I'm talking in sweeping generalities for most people. This should at least explain or break down like why do parents have so much power over us? How how do they have so much influence over our behaviors? You might not even want to listen to your parents. You might even like your parents, but you can still feel that they you have to like resist their requests because you are so programmed based on these elements of behavior to comply with their requests. All right? And so then the idea is how do we take these four elements and then how do we reverse engineer these into the content that we have so that we can build up true influence like and again we're defining influence as the likelihood of a compliance with a request, right? And that likelihood will depend on the nature of the request and how much your SPCL is in relation to that thing. Right? If I was giving out fashion tips, I probably don't have a lot of credibility for fashion tips, right? I don't know if I control any scarce resources around fashion. I have no I have no fashion hookups. Um I probably haven't given anyone specific fashion tips. I have no third party anything for credibility for it. And you probably don't look like me. And so like I probably would have very low influence to some degree they can generalize as you go up and up and up but um you have more influence in domain specificity. If we know these are the four things, status, power, credibility, likeness, then for each of these things in our videos, right, we want to demonstrate that we control scarce resources. And so for me, like at the very beginning, if you think about what the intro was, right, so I said we did, you know, $32.7 million views and we did overund, you know, 5 something million in sales for the book launch in 72 hours. And so that's me demonstrating status. I have these things, right? Then power. So, what I'm going to do in this video is I'm going to break down four things. So, you can follow and if you follow these things, you're going to be more likely to get people going to comply with your future requests. And so, that means that they're not just going to watch your video, but they're going to be more likely to one, watch a next video. And if you have any kind of call to action in the video, whatever level of call to action that is for you, whether it's subscribe or like or share or or, you know, buy something that's small or you know, set up or call or whatever it is that you sell, then this is going to be second, right? like uh that you you'll have included that in your content. So then credibility is going to be the third party stuff. So the reason that I had at my launch for example, I had Guinness, I had to pay those judges uh to be on site was because I wanted to validate that the the books that we did and the revenue that we generated was legit, right? So I had a a third party that most people um respect as like a legitimate corporation that their entire business is based on trust that they validate and verify proof that these records were broken. And so that gives credibility. The likeness piece, like I said earlier, is just you being you, right? And so that's why I'm actually super pumped to do these live streams because this is like I honestly hate making YouTube videos. What I mean that is like staring at a camera and having like, you know, prompts to, you know, solicit me to say stuff. Like I will do it because I have a relatively high pain tolerance and I'll do what is required to get what I want. But like I'm I'm going all in on this. So if you guys are like, "What's Alex's kind of like media strategy for the future?" I'm I'm I'm focusing on two words. You can write this down. live interactive. Those are the two things that's that is describing the uh ACQ, you know, 3.0 or Mosy Media 3.0 vision for what's going forward. Like that is what I'm focusing on. And I'll tell you a story of why why I think this is so interesting. So, I had a conversation with a mega influencer. I don't think you would mind um with Mr. Beast a few weeks ago and we were talking about kind of like the future of media and content. One of the things that he was just talking about was um this soccer game that came up uh that they do like UK versus US. What ends up happening is that they have all these different celebrities or influencers from different platforms, right? And so starting from the lowest the lowest people on this little totem pole, they would walk out in the stadium and this became the kind of the def de facto like measuring stick for who had who had the most cool points, right? These are the A-listers. And so this is your typical kind of celebs from like movies and like 90s and the 2000s or whatever, right? people like they recognize cuz they're celebs, but like they don't have like huge I guess they have some media presence, but it's more like traditional media. The level of applause for these guys was almost nothing. Barely anyone cared. So then the next level that came up was the shorts, the shorts creators. So this is your like only Tik Tockers or people who only make reals, but like only short videos. And so they had a little bit more applause on the applause meter compared to the A-listers. Then the long form guys came out and this is when the audience got way rowdier. All right, so this is your podcasters, your YouTubers, the people who make long form pieces of content. And I'm going to pause here for a second to kind of like highlight why I think this is. I don't think there's anything wrong with shorts. We make tons of shorts. But I see the purpose of shorts as many times a way to get someone to watch a long, right? They watch a couple a couple shorts and then think, "Okay, this guy seems legit or this gal seems legit. I'm going to risk my time." Because that's the risk. They're making an investment, right? you're making an investment today. I will risk I'm going to get a good return on this, right? And so shorts then lead to longs. But let me show you the difference from an influence perspective. How many reinforcing cycles do you think you can have in 30 seconds compared to 2 hours? It's like not even close. And so if someone watched two 1-hour pieces of content for me, period, okay, two 1 hour pieces, 120 minutes for me to get that same level of exposure and kind of cycles of reinforcement with a prospect and they were only consuming shorts, right? Let's say my average short, let's say it's 15 seconds. So that means that's four shorts per minute. So if I have 120 minutes for longs, I have to do someone would have to watch 480 shorts to have the same level of exposure as watching 2 hours with me. And think about how how important this is. What were the things that people said like this was the quote podcast election. Trump went on and I don't care about the politics behind it, but I do care about influence and persuasion. And so, like, why is it that the two podcasts that I think really nudged this election, my opinion is the Trump three-hour plus podcast that he did with Rogan like a week or whatever it was, I think that was a huge influential event. I think Elon getting on uh Tucker Tucker Carlson and doing that interview. I think those two interviews were some of the interviews that really nudged the election. And again, I don't care who you voted for. It doesn't matter to me. I think about this from marketing persuasion, okay? And so because of that, audiences who were not sure got to spend three hours with a presidential candidate and as a result, it just nudged some of them in the direction to ultimately vote. Okay, now back to our little story. A-listers have almost no applause. Shorts have slight applause. Longs have legit applause. Then the live streamers, when the live streamers came out, it was like the entire auditorium or stadium or arena erupted. And when I heard that, it was such a visual example of I mean, we have this saying which is like butts and seats. If you just make a bunch of like meme content, right, you demonstrate almost none of these things. Some of you guys are chasing views when what I think you want is you want to have prospects who are more likely to comply with a future request. And so we need to change our behavior to maximize the likely that occurs. And so in in looking at this thing, this is why I'm I'm telling you like showing my cards, I'm going to be doing more live streams. And I think is also and this is me like outside of SPCL, but I think like meta themes overall. I think that the internet will always move towards truth. And so I think the A-listers, everything's super curated, everything's super polished, it's photoshopped, it's scripted, and as you move closer this way, it's rawer. Like you have a three-hour podcast, like they're not scripted, right? Or most of them aren't, right? Um streaming, it's like, yeah, we're live, right? I can't do anything. Like we're live. This idea of of how can we approximate the rawest reality of you us hanging out, right? and actually going through this stuff. I think that is what will unlock the most influence as long as you are still including these SPCL elements into it. And I think that's the marriage. Do SPCL and do it as many times as I possibly can. That's the idea. And so live streaming provides that that opportunity. Let's also think about this from a context of volume. Whether you like him or not, Rogan, tremendous influence, right? To the same degree. PBD, tremendous influence. Uh Dave Ramsey, tremendous influence. What is it that these guys have in common? They're putting out hours of content every single day. So, I said earlier that we had 35,000 pieces of content, right? I hear plenty of times there's tons of, you know, $1 million businesses, $2 million businesses, things like that. They put out one piece of content a day, right? And there's nothing wrong with that. That's 365 pieces of content a year. And if you think about the size of acquisition.com in terms of our revenue, right? compared to somebody who's doing one or $2 million a year and they're doing 365 pieces of content, we're just quite literally doing a hundred times more. And as a result of that 100 times the volume, what do you think's happening? We get a 100 times the prospect. And so people want to try and like outsmart themselves and thinking that they can like not do the work that's required, but it's actually far more linear than you would expect. So like we just know that like one out of 10, you know, shorts is going to go, you know, is going to be a two or three outlier. We just know what that math looks like. Same thing for longs. How do I just jam as much into that input output machine as I possibly can? And as long as I'm checking these boxes like I'm making the right kind of content, then you're going to get the right kind of prospects. So, I'll give you one more nugget like I said, which is that some of you guys may have heard this and it's a concept of social media is now turning into interest media. Okay, so what does this mean? Let's unpack this for a second. If you make content and you judge it by views, I think that's dumb. And I'll explain why. If I have a a grandma in public come and just do a running slap and just slaps me across the face, that video will probably get views. But does it get the grandma views? No. Does it get me any any more people who now believe more in my stuff? No. But what it will do is it will show it to people who are interested in humor, which is a lot of people, right? But those might not be your customers, and they probably aren't. So assuming you're not an entertainer and you are somebody who's a business person. If you sell services to anyone, you're likely going to be an educator, not an entertainer. Meaning you're you're you're trying to provide value to people to change their behavior in some way. And ideally changing behavior that gets them to walk closer to you and buy stuff. Okay. So what do I mean by social versus interest? If you want to attract the right avatar, make content for that avatar. That sounds so obvious and simple. And the thing is that no one does it because here's the right or downer. The content is the targeting. The algorithm is so good now. It knows what you're talking about. It it knows it can it can literally judge your your background. It judges what you're wearing. It judges who you are and will display it to the people that they know have a history of watching content that is similar to that that people find valuable. And so if you're making stuff about how to fix pianos because you're a piano repair guy, then you will find people who are trying to fix their pianos. But if you're making that type of content, you might be like, "Man, I'm only getting, you know, a,000 views a video." It's like, yeah, but the market of people who are buying pianos might be significantly smaller than the market of people who just want to be entertained or distracted. So, it's not fair to to compare your views against Mr. Beasts. It doesn't make any sense. If I were to think to myself like, I have a room of a thousand people that are going to watch this and all of them are only interested in fixing pianos. That's a hell of an opportunity. I care so much more about IRL responses. So, what do I mean by that? If I make a video and then I get texts from business owners that I like and that I respect being like, "Yo, that was fire." Then I'm like, "Okay, I'm on the right track." And so some of you guys, let me know in the comments you guys have seen um a format that we've talked about. We call cash cows, but basically it's me, there's a business owner that presents a little bit about their business and they come to this side and we talk about how to like how to improve their business, right? So let me know in the comments if you like that style. And if you do, let me know if you're a business owner or not. Okay? So, uh like I like that style and I'm not a business owner. I like that style and I am a business owner. Or I don't like that style and I'm a business owner or I don't like that style and I'm not a business owner. If you are a business owner, when I have people who are here in person, IRL, in real life in Vegas, right? Business owners who fly out. I ask, I say, "What is your favorite type of content?" Dollars to donuts. That's their favorite type of content. And so, I make more of that. Even though, and it would make sense like it would make sense that there's fewer of those people, right? Just think about math. If you've got uh if you got the whole population here, let me I'll show you a little graph on this. So let's say that 100% of people like this represents 100%. Uh let's just use USA because I already know all the numbers for USA. Okay. So let's say this is 100%. All right. You get 100% of people are interested. Okay. Well, right now only 9% of people even own a business. Like 9%. So right off the bat I'm going to have a huge percentage of people that aren't my ideal audience. Now, of course, I do have people who are business interested and that's why I'm a co-founder of school and we give people, you know, a way to go uh start a business online in in in a lowcost way, right? Which you can do. It's n bucks a month after a 14-day trial. You guys can check it out. And there's a bunch of like training and community and all that good stuff. All right? But you can go school.com, I think, for/orosi. I think it's below this video. Doesn't matter. Point big. 9% is what I'm competing for. Okay? Now, that means there's about 32 to 33 million uh business owners in the US. Okay? 32 million. That's that's 100% of all business owners. Now, within that, 95% of that 9% is below $1 million in revenue. 95%. Then I've got 5% of that 9% that are over a million. Now, if you want to get if you want to get weird with it, what percent do you think is over 10 million? 4%. 1 in 250. And then a hundred million, nine figures, is I think one in roughly 3,000 depending on like your data source. One in 3,000 businesses gets to 100 million a year. This big. And so it would make sense then that we've given these numbers, right? 9% is is 32 million. So out of 5% of that is only be a million and a half people. There's only a million and a half people who are business owners doing over a million based on the math that they that that this is Census Bureau data. Maybe theirs isn't correct, but that's the math, right? And so if we're looking at that's the market, then it would make sense that I'm not going to get all 100% of them to watch my video, right? If I got one and a half million views and 100% of them were business owners, that would be insane, right? And so it would make sense that like if I get 100,000 views on a video that has that's really made for that level of business owner, then I'm crushing it, right? And it doesn't make sense to look at, you know, Mr. Beast video with 100 million views and be like, "Oh man, I suck." It's like, dude, we're going after we have different we have different games, right? And so I'd encourage you to create accurate expectations of the size of the market that you're going after and also think about the translation of these numbers into IRL. I have two businesses that I looked at in the last year that were doing over a million dollars a year with less than 5,000 followers. You absolutely can make plenty of money with a very small following as long as you make content that's directly valuable for that following. All right, with that being said, uh we just went over SPCL, status, power, credibility, and likeness. what you want to include in your videos, why I'm going all in on live stream, and why the whole point is you want to get as much time with your uh prospects as humanly possible. You want to make the topics of your content based on the things that those people find interesting, not uh based on like being social, but being interesting. And if you get if you make it interesting for them, they will keep watching it. And then being realistic about your expectations on how many views you can get based on your size of

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [71 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap
The easiest business I can help you start (free trial): https://www.skool.com/hormozi
  2. @catsarejerks: ❤❤❤
  3. @SocialGrowthBlueprint-x3u: This is good information
  4. @m1990-mn3: Do the live stream, get editors to take out content out of it and edit it for shorter up to 10min videos and ofc catchy reals with hook for next live ... live stream feels more organic, more real, can have some unscripted funny moments or bloopers but also it's "live interaction" with audience and comes closest to the "personal" level or "in the moment"
  5. @SimaraniJana-bv2rj: def gonna try these tips out 👍
  6. @taniadas7041: your approach makes way more sense now
  7. @Deepak__Gupta12th: the “volume fixes the targeting” point hit. i’ve been overthinking hooks instead of just shipping. seoLab agency popped in my head because this is basically authority math.
  8. @ShahojChakma-p6i: didnt expect to learn so much lol
  9. @jackeynirmalkar4153: this is kinda eye opening honestly
  10. @mukherjeejsr307: Excellent
  11. @BrandonMarks-9882: This was great info and made a lot of sense. Thank you!
  12. @sohit_ff_00: this is way more helpful than i expected
  13. @rosdiana-5687: def gonna try some of these tips
  14. @NotBlazeWarrior: question: when you say targeted content, do you mean targeted by pain point or by buyer stage? trying to map SPCL to my blog stuff i write with Wisewand lol
  15. @jumakesra8684: i never thought about it like this
  16. @chandrashekharshekhar2067: wasn't expecting to learn this much honestly
  17. @SynthMind.studio-y1: man this makes so much sense now
  18. @anshikagkp5152: didn't know social media could be like this lol
  19. @tanishkff1: This made me realize my strategy has been random formats, not pillars. AICarma reports would be way cleaner if each week focused on one SPCL element.
  20. @vivektirkey1415: wow this is actually kinda inspiring

- How to Grow an Audience if You Have 0 Followers: Kind: captions Language: en people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up in the beginning 150 episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better I got a DM the other day somebody who was like yeah it's easy for you to build this brand because you already have this big audience I was like dude just start he was discouraged by the fact that he had no following he had no audience Etc 99% of people who are watching this do more cool and then you'll have cool to talk about rather than regur shating other people's stuff but for everyone who sees the overnight success right what I want you to do is go to my podcast and look at the timestamp on my first episode it's 2017 5 and 1 half 6 years ago it just now hit the top 10 and in that six-year period I did not miss every week 1 to three podcasts for six years and so people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up when the reality is that you're finding your voice for the first year you're figuring out what way you communicate you're learning how to teach how to entertain how to present you're Lear Lear how to speak and you're also learning about the stuff that you're learning meantime right like in that period of time I might not have had as much stuff that was as cool in the beginning that applied to as many people cuz the first 150 episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better right around 150 I started talking about Marketing in general because that's what I was into at the time and then I start talking about sales and I start talking about business in general and m&a and things as they've evolved over time and so the subject matter as well as my skill in delivering it both improved over that period of time and now the podcast is top 10 on entrepreneurship and very high ranked in business next to names that I I looked up to my whole career I'm like holy cow I'm like we're wait we just went above this guy that I've been looking up to my whole life it doesn't take 90 days it takes years if you think in days the time's going to pass no matter what but if you can think in decades when you make your goals when that decade does pass it'll show that you were thinking that way right not the outcome of the goal make the action the goal if the action is did I make the post did I make the reach outs every day then you're a success you check both boxes I want to tell you a quick story so there was a guy who started at the first gym with me same day all right and we've been friends since then and I started my gym and then he started his gym and he started chain of gym so we went in parallel all right and he ended up selling those gyms and he wanted to go online he was like dude I need to build like a brand and I was like dude you just need to start posting you know short form stuff making stuff that's valuable he posted every day for 6 months and then one video took off and then the next video took off and the next video took off and then all all of a sudden now he's making $100,000 a month from the content that he was making he'd already been doing business for 9 years and then all of a sudden it took off and he and he messaged me he was like I'm super grateful that that you told me to do that and so he did the post and he did the reach outs and what ended up happening is that earlier on he would he would have videos that would start taking off he would start doing reach outs you start making sales and then you'd make some money and then you would slow down and then all of a sudden you get in scarcity mode once he was like oh shoot there's no money coming in there's no money coming in and then you start making content start doing rots again and you make money again and he was like dude how do I break the cycle and what we did was we shifted what he was focusing on because he was focusing on the sales he was making he was focusing on the money he was making rather than focusing on the process you are not successful in my eyes because whenever you see some outcome you stop the activities which means you don't have the trait of consistency I was like the reason you aren't where you want to be is because you can't do things repeatedly and so most people can't do one thing over and over again you need to be able to do the doing without seeing the result of your doing and you have to keep doing it and if you can keep doing things independent and this is both ways if it goes really well you keep doing the thing that got you there and if it's not going well comma yet you keep doing the thing so that you get good enough that one day it will and that's the shift that most people don't make and I think that's why most people just stick war and the reality is that if you can commit to the actions and the behaviors and the traits that you will grow through doing then at the end of this process a decade later you will be the type of person who can do something for a long period of time and wait and I promise you that if you have that trait money will never be a constraint in your life and this is from Atomic habits every winner and every loser have the same goals so when you measure Yourself by having this external thing and people are like set goals everyone wants to be rich everyone wants to have a six-pack your goals don't make you unique it's the activities that you do that make you unique the goal of the winner is to commit to the activities the goal of the loser is to commit to the goal 52% of 18-year-olds High School seniors think they're going to be millionaires by 25 the world is going to be shook many of you will fail and that's because most of you have the same goal 50% of you think you're going to be a Millionaire right that's just math but only a small percentage will because if you want to be a millionaire you're not going to focus on making the million dollars you're going to focus on the stuff that makes a million dollars and so when you can divorce the activities from the outcome then you can focus on the doing which whether your income does this over that period of time your self-esteem Remains the Same because you're committ to what you can control if you can make that shift it will change your life so I started making podcast 6 years ago I committed to that process when I signed on with a a YouTube vendor a few years ago on the first call I said I'd like to have this channel be something in 5 to 10 years I was like We'll look at it then and see if it was worth continuing to do I was like but I'm in for a decade and he stopped me afterwards he was like I've literally never had a client say that to me ever he's like they're all like how can I get leads in the first 90 days from YouTube and like blah blah blah I was like if we're making progress I'm good I will commit to that I think that if you can think that way you will get what you want and then people will ask you a decade from now man how did you have this overnight success and blah blah blah blah blah and aren't you like don't the followers and the fans like how does it not get to your head and you're like cuz it was never the goal and so I feel just as good at year one as I do at year eight because the activities that I committed to were remain the same if you can think that way and you can shift your perspective persective it will it'll decrease your emotional ups and downs and I think we all need ways to decrease our emotional ups and downs in the game of business because like we need to have second lives and third lives and fourth lives and the way to do that is to not put your life your game playing life in something that you can't control but putting all your game playing life in the things you can right now we just crossed our 400th episode 400 episodes like if I did one a week that's 52 four eight one a week for a year that would be eight years of doing that if I had 400 episodes I'm at like year six if you make 400 long form pieces of content I guarantee you that your following would be bigger than it is today well how long is that going to take as long as it takes because the goal was never the outcome the goal was to do it thing

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [12 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap-yt-d
Get the $100M Book Bundle: https://shop.acquisition.com/pages/100m-book-bundle
Business owners: Want to scale faster? We provide in-person advisory for companies doing at least $1M per year: https://www.acquisition.com/workshop-yt-d
  2. @elevators_escalatorsandme [1 likes]: this had that old youtube energy in the best way possible 😭 simple, entertaining, no unnecessary overediting every 2 seconds. actually fun to watch fr
  3. @MeenalJoshi-y6q [1 likes]: Make the action the goal, not the outcome, such a powerful perspective shift for staying consistent in the long run
  4. @MegijaBaumane: You have to work for it and hard, not just manifest and think - ou, my life sucked before, so it will reward me because of my suffering, so I do not have to put effort.

I have people that just told me manifest and it will be good, and if you do not get it right now, then it is not your destiny. 🤨

If it would be that easy, everyone would me a millionaire.
  5. @FrancisAtonfack: 300 subs now for year not really easy
  6. @joshangout9609: Thank you Alex! This was perfect and exactly what I needed to hear today!
  7. @eimi.channn: Patience.
  8. @BrianFitinessMotivation: Small channel let's keep our heads up 🔥
  9. @Blake700-q3c: this video feels like one of those rare uploads that actually stays in your head after watching 💯
  10. @SamuelPeck-l2x: slight edge ahh
  11. @The_Witchers_left_hand: The shift from committing to the goal to committing to the activities is the most powerful mindset hack for long-term success. Thinking in decades, not days📈💪
  12. @TurningShift: Just be consistent about it 👊🏻🙌🏻
  13. @elliottlaw007: Just hit 100 subscribers, really worked for those! Gonna add these tips. 1 mill & beyond… Loading 🔑🙏🏾 Keep Going Everyone
  14. @crisroataofficial: Love your story! Well done ❤
  15. @Sicop_: Just Start
  16. @VikiJaat-e6u: Amazing content as always!
  17. @HyJames: yet
  18. @evolv55: “the bear necessities of life will come to you” 🧠
  19. @Mrhookes: Small creators, let's keep going 💪💪💪
  20. @StefanMarais-pv5hz: Thank you so much for this

- Collaborations on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Collaborations make it easier to showcase&nbsp; how you work with other creators on YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; and grow your channels together. You can add&nbsp; up to five collaborators on a single video,&nbsp;&nbsp; which will feature each creator's name and&nbsp; a subscribe button for all channels. The&nbsp;&nbsp; video will appear in the subscriptions feed of&nbsp; all listed collaborators audiences and may be&nbsp;&nbsp; recommended to them, increasing discoverability.&nbsp; Let's walk through how to use collaborations and&nbsp;&nbsp; some important things to keep in mind when using&nbsp; them. To invite other creators to a collaboration&nbsp;&nbsp; on your videos in Shorts, head to YouTube Studio&nbsp; on desktop or mobile. During the upload flow&nbsp;&nbsp; under the details page, choose show more, then&nbsp; invite a collaborator. Search for the channel&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to add. You can also choose whether&nbsp; to grant the collaborator analytics viewing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Note that even if you grant this access, they&nbsp; won't be able to see your revenue information.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then choose create link. Here you can share the&nbsp; link with the person you want to collaborate&nbsp;&nbsp; with. The link will be active after you&nbsp; upload your video. You can invite up to&nbsp;&nbsp; five channels to collaborate with. You'll be&nbsp; able to see when a collaborator has accepted&nbsp;&nbsp; your invitation and use the three dot menu&nbsp; to reshare the link, manage analytics access,&nbsp;&nbsp; or remove the collaborator. Once your video&nbsp; is uploaded in the invited channels accept&nbsp;&nbsp; the invite link, the video or short will display&nbsp; all collaborators channel names with a subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button for each. To feature your collaborations&nbsp; on your channel homepage, head to YouTube Studio,&nbsp;&nbsp; then customization, then home tab. Choose&nbsp; add section, then choose collaborations. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's walk through some important things to&nbsp; keep in mind when using collaborations. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; even when you add collaborators, you're still&nbsp; in control of the video or short. Only you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make changes to the video. You'll also retain&nbsp; full ownership. As the owner, you'll keep all&nbsp;&nbsp; the revenue, views, and watch time from the video.&nbsp; And remember, if you have paid product placements,&nbsp;&nbsp; endorsements, or sponsorships, you'll need&nbsp; to check the paid promotions box. For more&nbsp;&nbsp; info on using collaborations on your videos and&nbsp; shorts, check out the links in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @youtubecreators [442 likes]: Collaborations will be rolling out to all creators over the next few weeks!

Want to see Collaborations in action? Check out our MadeOn YouTube collab with Colin and Samir➡ https://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBghttps://youtu.be/eTal8L7cqBg
  2. @Slingehwaran [1 likes]: Ok😭
  3. @hennerbichlerbua6646 [1 likes]: thank you simple and all that is needed
  4. @maddierinfret408 [1 likes]: Wow
  5. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: Thank you ❤
  6. @Manu_Diaries2027: ❤
  7. @theenehemiah: It doesn’t work I can’t accept it I’m mad😭😡
  8. @EcaterinaVic: Girlllllll im sorry i can not acces the link idk why🥺
  9. @SkepticPhilosophy: This looks to no longer work unless you are monetized.
  10. @0Lucky_gamer: Chalo ek dusre ko saport karte hai 🙏🙏😥😊
  11. @AniketJoshi21: This collaboration feature is such a powerful tool for community growth🤝 I love how it puts the subscribe button for all creators front and center while keeping the owner in full control of the video. Thanks for the clear walkthrough🚀✨
  12. @legendart711: I collaborated with someone with huge subscribers still my video has only less than 1k views 😣
  13. @rhymingtvcomedy1221: I need  collaboration please
  14. @joy-n5e2n: Hey
  15. @advikasingh123-t4e: Hello Everyone how are you 😊
  16. @schrodingeroberscharfuhrer2015: YOUTUBE JUST USED THE COLLABRATION AGAINST THE LOST NARRATOR
  17. @Fasteroid: I'm indifferent to most YouTube features but this one is objectively good.  More like it please.
  18. @Mr.QuixLe: thanks
  19. @cancebeci: The profile picture area on YouTube is far too small. Generally, our profile photos reflect our interests. For content creators in specific niches, this could be a way to get discovered even through a simple comment on a video. For example, when a tennis creator sets their profile picture as a tennis racket, a court, or a photo of themselves playing, they can immediately engage with users who share the same interest.
​However, the problem is that the section allocated for profile pictures on YouTube is so tiny that you have to click on them individually just to see what’s in the photo. This is quite inefficient. When we comment on any video, our profile pictures should be more prominent and clear. Improving this would encourage YouTube creators to be more active and leave more comments in order to be discovered."
  20. @JungleChallenger: Thank you so much YouTube Creators team!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- What Will Happen to Marketing in the Age of AI? | Jessica Apotheker | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So let me start by bringing you back in time. We are 30 years ago, and the first word processors and spreadsheets are about to hit the market. And the whole economic world is bracing for the next big productivity revolution. Their promise at the time was we'd all spend so much less time writing, drawing slides, computing numbers on a calculator. And here we are, 30 years later, and the promise has come true. We all have so much leisure time on our hands, and personally, I only work two days a week. Of course, I'm just kidding. The reality of what has happened 30 years later is we don't work less. We just write much longer word documents. And our PowerPoint decks have gone from six slides to 50 slides. And I say that as a consultant. Also, we engage in much more complex decision-making because the amount of data that we have to process has just exploded. And why is that important today? Well, generative AI is coming, and it's coming to be embedded in the core of our organizations and the way we work. And that will be the next big productivity revolution. So the question becomes: how do we set ourselves up to actually seize this productivity opportunity? I'm a marketer. I spent all my career in marketing and also advising marketing professionals. Now, some say marketing is the number one impacted function out there. Some say the productivity impact in marketing is as high as 50 percent. So that question of how can I seize that productivity opportunity is super high on my mind right now, and I want to make the case it should be super important to you all as well, as business leaders but also as consumers. So what will happen to marketing? Well, marketing has traditionally been a super right-brained, creative type of function. That means what? Means we have excelled as marketers by tapping into the emotional needs of our consumers, coming up with that perfect product, that perfect innovation to meet that need, and also then cracking that great message that will convert the consumer at the right place in the right time. Already in the past 15 years, with digital marketing and analytics, marketing has evolved from being only right-brain type of general skills to a few more specialized skill sets, for example, digital marketing or marketing technology. But now the difference with generative AI, it is transforming the core of marketing activities. Now, in a recent study that the Boston Consulting Group conducted with Harvard, we found that ChatGPT, in its current form, already improves the right-brain performance of marketers by 40 percent. Imagine what that number will be in a year or two from now. So what do you think marketers would do with a day and a half of free time a week? More yoga? More family time? Do you think companies would allow that? Or do you think companies will just let large chunks of the marketing function go? Well, I believe none of this is going to happen. I think if we don't steer that productivity revolution very actively, marketers will invest this time in what they do best: more content and more ideas. Now, if you think of more content, there is a super productive outcome for all of us as consumers. More content actually means much more personalized content. Now think of that email that you're getting from your favorite brand every week. Imagine if that email was 100 percent tailored to you, means only images of people your age and gender, even people wearing T-shirts of your favorite rock band, every product relevant for you, and even a human-like experience powered by a bot. That is certainly a productive outcome. But there is also a very negative outcome for us consumers here, and that is content overload. How many of you already feel chased by the same content over and over again online? Now imagine if that content chasing you, if that amount of content chasing you just explodes. And imagine if that content chasing you also all sounds the same. Now why is that a risk? Generative AI has been trained on existing content and data. Because of that, it reduces divergence of outcomes. And that great equalization of marketing is certainly not a productive outcome. So what is the solve here? Well, I believe marketing, but also every function out there that is being impacted by this productivity revolution, needs to grow a left-AI brain, grow one fast, and also identify and protect its top right-brained talent. You're going to ask me, "What do you mean by growing a left-AI brain?" Well, I mean, the function needs to strategically reskill and reorganize to embed people that can build, use and diffuse predictive AI tools in the heart of decision-making. I mean, for marketing, building teams of marketing data scientists, marketing data engineers that build solutions that can be distributed to all marketers to, for example, unpack performance and predict outcomes. Imagine in marketing being able to understand what audience creative couples are really hitting it off in the market, or what product is working with which consumer and why or how is the marketing funnel evolving. I recently partnered with a consumer goods company that did exactly that. They decided to grow a left-AI brain advantage. We helped them build tools that were diffused in the entire organization, that helped every marketer predict for every marketing initiative what was going to be the sales outcome, how a consumer behavior is going to be impacted on every channel and every touchpoint, and go deep in unpacking execution insights to understand what creative was working and why. That created a super virtuous feedback loop in the entire organization. It also took building a team of 30-plus left-AI brain marketers that build these tools, customize them, but also in turn upskill the entire organization to use them. But the team's only a part of the puzzle. I see too many companies out there embarking on this journey, just training their algorithms and models only on their current content and data. Now, if you do that, the risk for a brand is to be trapped in your current territory. Concretely, imagine you are a brand that is super strong with millennials. There is nothing in data and content existing on millennials that will help you to be successful with Gen Z. And in turn, if you're never successful with Gen Z, you will miss out on important innovations and trends that will make you stronger with millennials. So I advise every company out there: think outside of the box, think outside your direct ecosystem on who could be super relevant data and content partners for you. Imagine you're a construction company and you decide to market to architects for the first time. You have zero data on architects. What do you do? Who has data on architects? Other construction companies, but they're direct competitors. So where do you go? Well, you go outside your ecosystem, potentially, for example, with financial institutions, insurances. You can set up a federated model with them, train algos on that, that will in turn make you much stronger to market to a new consumer segment. And so are you done? If you have that, if you have that data, if you have those skills are you done, you have that left-AI brain advantage? Well, no, actually you are not. If you do that, there is a risk you give all of your right brain to generative AI and in turn run a real risk of losing that divergence, losing that super strong brand identity, being trapped in that grand equalization of marketing I was talking about a minute ago. In the Harvard study we conducted with the Boston Consulting Group and Harvard, we found that when people over-rely on generative AI, the collective divergence of ideas drops by 40 percent. Concretely, that means that new ideas don't come to the surface. It means that true innovation is being stifled. So what is a solve here? Well, you need to identify the true artists, the true differentiators, the true innovators of your function. Now, if you've ever worked in marketing, you know who these people are. They are the ones that always disagree with you. Now you take these people and you need to strategically reskill them to use AI well, for example, to be inspired by new ideas, to be inspired by new trends, to also crack fast prototypes, to multiply their impact once they've cracked a great idea. But you need to protect them and teach them from using the AI to generate and originate original ideas. For that, they have to use their human brain. To keep those human juices flowing, and that, in turn, will protect the identity of your brand and your differentiation in the market. So I want to close with an advice for any marketer out there. What are you good at? Are you super creative? Are you the true innovator in the room? Well, if you are, cultivate that. That will be your superpower. Do you like data? Are you super rational, are you super fact-based? Then you should specialize. You should grow tech skills. You should be investing in predictive AI competencies. But right now, every marketer out there needs to choose their brain. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @IshPat77 [5 likes]: coming across this ted talk 2 years later - wow
  2. @brandonaynesmay352 [1 likes]: Haven't seen anywhere how ai is benefiting us. Where all the programmers at? Our software sucks! We should be at a point where software is as good as our ai is. Ai is kinda bad too?
  3. @jamesbustin2837: Hopefully AI will drop marketing in the sea.
  4. @riccardorobiglio535: micidiale
  5. @HarshVardhanSharma-m5y: If anyone can help me to figure out one thing, as a marketing enthusiast and person who wants to build a career in this field, I am confused what new skills or things we have to focus in the marketing field, as ai is evolving things are becoming confused for the freshers like me, to take actions in career planning, what thing we have to focus in digital marketing, or marketing in this current ai era.
  6. @ahmedbilal8079: I’m amazed by how smoothly you explained everything!
  7. @Mayank-ai-DS: This video hits home! I've been knee-deep in AI content creation for clothing brands, and while the tools are all sorted on our end, the real challenge is finding someone who shares that creative obsession. It's exhausting to navigate this space alone, and I genuinely hope to connect with someone equally passionate about pushing the envelope. 🌟
  8. @f4ust85: Gotta love how marketers constantly speak BOTH of "implementation of AI tools at the heart of decision making" AND "keeping creativity deeply human, AI under human supervision" and so on. So which is it?
  9. @VAPromo-agency: AI changes the game, but it’ll never replace the human. We dropped a podcast on this exact topic - check it out :goat-turquoise-white-horns:
  10. @userexperienceresearchers: Such a sharp perspective. The reminder that AI should amplify human creativity, not replace it, is crucial. Real productivity gains will come from balancing smart AI adoption with protecting original thinking and true differentiation.
  11. @EmilyQuotey: She's sounding like a computer ai
  12. @FonenVodan-d9u: Aún está en vigencia sus ideas
  13. @muhammadarafatgaruda: thanks a million, may Allah guide and reward you all with goodness
  14. @HowToHomeLife: All advertising is predatory, and 99.9% of it is absolute bullshit! It is the main job of the advertiser to monetize every citizen to the maximum amount possible, and all advertisers are relying on the stupidity of most of our society to believe in all the hyperbole that is stated in the advertisement! David Riddle
  15. @mauconline: Nice. I keep coming back to this video & each time, I learn something new.
  16. @PrathameshAdsul-z8m: Mind is an accumulation of impressions. You have no choice whether to pick up fragrance or filth, but how you hold it is in your hands. If you hold it right, it will become a miraculous tool. This is what meditation is about. May you explore and experience the “Miracle of Mind.
  17. @СерікжанӘлімбаев: Subscribe, this vety good video
  18. @ӘлішерНиязов: Good
  19. @НұрәлиСапарұлы: Very beautiful
  20. @Dr_GaetanoLoPresti: My studies are changing the world and the Marketing.. try to read about contemporary marketing 🙃

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy

- Social Media Isn’t Hard. It’s Misunderstood.: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to grow faster on social media, I'm going to explain exactly how to do it. Because the truth is, if you're struggling to grow, you're probably just approaching the content game with a suboptimal strategy. Now, I've cracked every social platform I've ever been on. Instagram, Tik Tok, LinkedIn, even YouTube. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And the secret is that I actually went down the rabbit hole to deeply understand how each individual platform works. The psychology, the algorithms, the core fundamentals for how to grow. So, in this video, I'm going to give you the full secret sauce. These are five non-obvious learnings for how social media actually works. And these are the same lessons that all the big creators deeply understand and that you may not. All right. Now, the first uncommon learning is that social media isn't actually social anymore. It's just media. And this seems like a small wording change, but it actually shifts everything about how you approach the content game. When social platforms were originally invented, they were social first. In that old era, everything was engineered to connect you with other people and show your content specifically to people that followed you. This was OG social from 2003 to about 2020. But since 2020, everything about social media changed because of Tik Tok. Just like YouTube, Tik Tok was not built for social connection. It was built specifically for media consumption. Think about it. You don't come on YouTube to talk to other people. You just come on to watch interesting videos. Tik Tok was essentially the same thing. It was YouTube but vertical. And the problem is that Tik Tok worked so well that it set off a chain reaction that caused every other social platform to shift in the same direction away from social and towards media. All that social media strategy, you have to throw that out because the game is completely different now. The platforms are no longer focused on social. They're just focused on media. And here's the big difference. Social is about matching content from followers only. Media is about matching content from anyone, followers or strangers. So, if you're really trying to grow with content, the million-dollar question is this. What is the best strategy for growing faster, generating more views, and turning those views into dollars? So, I'm going to give you the full cheat code right here. Think about this from Instagram's point of view as a business. Instagram gets paid when a viewer watches an ad. Their algorithm's only job is to keep viewers on the platform as long as possible so more ads can play. Now, the easiest way to keep viewers on Instagram for longer is to show them videos they actually like. And it sounds stupidly obvious, but this is so critical to understand. This system of connecting random videos with viewers that actually want to watch them is called audience matching. The better the match, the happier the viewer, the longer the session, the more ads they can run, and the more revenue Instagram generates. If you help Instagram make better matches and it makes more money, it will reward you for that. And this is the whole social media game. It is not more complicated than that. Matching is all the algorithms are designed to do. But the difference in this nonsocial media era is that the algorithm is allowed to match you with videos from any creator, not just the ones that you follow. So for you as a creator or a business owner, if you really want to grow on social media, your only job is helping the algorithm match your stuff with the right viewer because then you'll be happy and it will be happy. And when it's happy, it pushes your stuff more. Okay, so how do we actually help the algorithm do this matching better? Are there tactical steps we can take? Yes, there are. In order to best match your videos with the right viewers, the algorithm only needs to understand two things. The topics of your videos and the profiles of those viewers that want to watch them. That's all it needs. And the beauty is you can actually train the algorithm to get these answers quicker. The first tactical step for doing this is to be militantly focused and disciplined on your topic selection. All you have to do is make consistent videos about the same topic. Precision of topic is everything. Instead of spraying and praying across a bunch of different topic areas, pick a single topic and hit that bullseye over and over and over. If you're personally interested in sports and tech and design, don't make videos on the same channel about sports and tech and design. This will confuse the algorithm and it won't know what topic to push you for. Pick one topic area per channel and stick with just that. And here's the real tactical secret. Most algorithms run their audience match targeting based on the video transcription and the caption. So they look at the words you're saying and somewhat what you're writing in the caption and that's how they determine what topic you're actually talking about. Then they analyze which viewers are engaging positively with that video and they create a lookalike audience to push it further. So this is the key takeaway. If you want to grow faster and you want to convert attention into dollars, you need the algorithm's diagnosis of what topic you're talking about and who it's for to be accurate with what you want to talk about and who you want to get in front of. If it can't diagnose this topic audience match well, it's not going to push your videos. So, when you look at your channel and you scroll through your last 20 videos, are these topics all the same? Are they all targeting the exact same viewer avatar? If yes, and you're still not getting views, then the issue is with the video quality itself. And that is a much easier solve that I've been covering in all my videos. But if no, and you're all over the place with different topics, then this is your big issue. The best way to make sure the algorithm pushes your stuff to the right people is to only make videos about a single topic driven from pain points of that user consistently for several months. And after doing 30 to 50 videos like this, the algorithm will learn the type of topic that you want to talk about and it will start pushing you into that community. So, if you want to grow on social media, these are the things you do not want to do. Number one, do not make videos about a bunch of different topics on the same account. Number two, do not make videos that are not valuable or interesting to that same single target viewer avatar. And number three, do not make broad videos that do not apply to your viewer avatar on that account. Stay hyper precise and do this over and over and over. This is all you have to do to train the algorithm. Now, getting those videos to actually perform well once you have the algorithm aimed, well, that's a whole another set of issues. That's ideas, storytelling, script writing, editing. But the good news is I have lots of content to help you with that. I actually put together Wavy World, which is a free community for entrepreneurs with 17,000 people in it to help with that stuff. The links in the description if you want. It's completely free. But if you don't aim the algorithm correctly in the first place, well, then you're going to be stuck in zero view land and none of that other stuff actually matters. So, the summary here is this. Social media is no longer social. It's just media. Media works by matching viewers with videos they want to watch, regardless of who the creator was that made them. And three, to make that match happen more successfully with your content, you need to stay super disciplined on a single topic consistently over and over and over. All right. Now, the second uncommon lesson that I've learned about social media growth is that virality is a trap. If you want to get the ego boost of 10 million views, well, then go as broad and as wide as possible. But if you actually want to make money from content, there is a much better way to do it. Let me break it down. There are two types of virality. Pure virality and ontarget virality. Pure virality is virality at all costs. You intentionally pick extremely broad, extremely relatable topics to try to grow the viewer pie as much as possible. And this is where the 10 million plus view videos come from. But it turns out this actually isn't what you want if you're trying to build a business. Because pure virality spans across too many different viewer groups. If the video is about new tech for designing homes and you do get 10 million views, well then the chances are you've engaged tech people, architects, people that are trying to design homes, people that are interested in real estate. And despite the dopamine rush that does come from that, this is probably going to hurt your ability to monetize your audience. And the reason builds on this audience matching and targeting point I just mentioned. The more different audience groups that engage with the same video, the more confused the algorithm is going to be about where to point your next video. And you don't want the algorithm confused because then it won't help you find more of the people you're trying to find. So, a better way to approach virality is to go for ontarget virality. On target virality means that a large percentage of viewers within your target profile see the video, but it doesn't spill beyond that. Imagine you had one giant pie with 8 billion people in it. Pure virality is trying to get as many of those 8 billion people to see it, no matter where they fall on the pie. On target virality is picking a super narrow slice and then trying to fill as many people within that slice but not beyond it. Now, the reason ontarget virality is a better strategy is that it lets you be more nuanced with your topic selection because broad virality almost always requires super broad generic topics. But deep trust is built when you can talk about specific user pain points in a niche and narrow way. When you acknowledge your mission is not pure virality, you're able to come up with video ideas that widely target your narrow audience, essentially getting the highest penetration percentage of your potential buyers. And here's the cool part. It turns out that algorithms like precision a lot more than they like breadth. It would rather you be a fan favorite in the web design niche than appeal somewhat to all creatives. And this is because cult favorites are super strong audience matches. When you're able to execute a narrow topic with constant precision, it will push you more into that niche and you will become category viral. This is why you see so many small creatives with only a couple hundred thousand followers and cult fandom grow 7figure businesses. But these huge massive 7 million follower influencers can't even pay their rent. The riches are in the niches and the niches are best activated with ontarget virality. Now, I want to be clear. I definitely do want virality. I just want it aimed at my category. So, the tactical suggestion here for gut-eing your ideas and your content strategy is to constantly be asking yourself this question. Is my core audience avatar going to find this idea interesting, useful, valuable, or entertaining? If not, don't even make the video because even if you get a broadly viral hit, it's probably just hurting your potential chances to monetize. By the way, if you want help improving your videos so they do drive more of this ontarget virality, the best way to do this is to improve your storytelling and script writing and aim it at the right audience. To make this easier, I actually built an AI tool called Sandcastles that just does this for you. It takes everything I know about formulas and formats in content and compresses it so it just does it automatically. We have people using it right now that are writing 30 scripts per day and they're actually converting at a high level. So, if you want to try it for free, we have a free trial for everyone. Sandcastles.ai. Check it out in the description. The third uncommon learning that I've realized about social media is that you don't need to be playing on every platform at the same time. A common piece of advice from the social media gurus is you have to be everywhere cuz you never know where your buyer is going to show up. I think this is nonsense. You know exactly where your buyer is going to show up. They're spending time on one of these six platforms: Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Tik Tok, Instagram, or X. All you need to do to grow and monetize on social media is to fish where your fish are. Pick the one hero platform where the highest density of your customers live, plus add email, and then only play on that combination for 6 months. After working with hundreds of business owners on social media strategy and content over the last year, I've realized that the over complication and overextension of trying to be everywhere all at once actually is doing more harm than good. Because when you focus on a single platform, you can immerse yourself into the community and learn about the zeitgeist of just that platform so much better. And by focusing on just one, that means you can comment on other people's posts in your niche. You can reply to every single one of your comments. You can use the secondary formats like Instagram stories if you're focused on reals. Essentially, you become a staple in your category on that platform. And by doing this, like anything, you compound your results faster because all your attention is compressed on one thing. Now, when it comes to formats, the secret is that all the fish are migrating to video. So whether it's short form or long form video, you definitely want to be creating video on whichever platform you choose. So the tactical advice is this. Pick your hero platform. Make sure you're making video content. Stay as consistent as possible. Engage in the comments, engage in the DMs, and focus on nothing but this for 6 months. And if you don't know which platforms your customers are actually on the most, take a small random subset of your existing customers and ask them. And if this doesn't work, think about who you follow and where you learn the most about the information in your space. When you're trying to be everywhere all at once and you don't have a core team to support you, everything can just get a little too complicated. So remember, fish where your fish are. All right. Now, the fourth uncommon learning about social media is islands verse ecosystems. And this one is going to shock you. Almost everybody on the internet is going to teach you to approach social media like one connected ecosystem. They'll say that your main goal is to get somebody to follow you on one platform and then do whatever you can to try to get them to find you everywhere else, connecting that ecosystem like a spiderweb. So they'll say you want to post about your YouTube videos on Instagram stories or post about your tweets on LinkedIn or post about your Tik Toks on YouTube. Essentially, the advice is to find one follower and then get them to follow you everywhere else. But I think this is a suboptimal approach. The ecosystem concept makes sense in theory as a construct to describe a brand that's already well-built. But if you're starting out from scratch, tactically this is the wrong strategy. Instead of thinking like an ecosystem, you want to treat social media platforms like individual islands that are not linked together. And let me explain what I mean. Each social platform was developed on its own. They all steal features and UX from each other, but they all have different quirks, different algorithms, and most importantly, different platform owners. Instagram, which is owned by Meta, wants to keep people in the Instagram family, not going to YouTube, which is owned by Google. And when you really think about it, it makes sense why platforms would reward behaviors that keep users on their platforms instead of pushing them to others. So, the first reason why you want to think of platforms in islands instead of connected ecosystems is because the platforms will actually hurt your reach when you try to push people out. When you post a URL in a tweet or a LinkedIn post, they nuke your engagement. When you post a URL in stories, they nuke your engagement. And why do they do this? Well, simply put, the platforms don't want their users leaving. They make money when their users stay. Now, most people that are coaching personal brand building will tell you that the cost of the platform nuking your stuff when you share links is worth it if you can grow everywhere. I disagree. But besides this, the even bigger reason why you want to think in separate islands instead of connected ecosystems is because of the user consumption patterns. Think of each social platform like a car driving on the social media highway. Each one is going at a different speed. Let's say Instagram is going at 35 mph. Tik Tok is at 50 mph. YouTube might be at 10 m hour. Users go to certain platforms because they like the consumption experience, the algo targeting the sub communities on that platform. When you try to force them from one to another to build the ecosystem, they end up hitting it and then churning right away. They don't like switching. And this causes them to either abandon watching your stuff altogether, abandon watching it on the new platform, or subconsciously dislike that you tried to force them away from what they already liked. It's better to meet each person where they are to make content native to the island and try to keep them there. And then you can use consistent branding, imagery, and storytelling elsewhere so that when they natively discover you, it feels aligned and matches. If someone's on Instagram and they also like consuming on YouTube, let them find you on YouTube as well. Don't force them there. Now, for each island, the only ramp you do want to build is from rented to owned. So, it's okay to ramp from Instagram to email or Instagram to private community, but you don't want to ramp from island to island, Instagram to Tik Tok. And if you do want to build a holistic connected brand cuz you're just not really fully buying what I'm saying. My frame for this is world building. World building is creating visual consistency or cohesion across different platforms. You're not pushing people, but when they do discover you, everything looks and feels aligned and matches. Ecosystems are forcing the cross-platform discovery. Don't force it. Just world build separately and let them discover the different islands. Now, my last uncommon learning has to deal with making money from content. And it took me a long time to realize this, but this was one of the most important lessons that I learned. Almost everyone making content is doing it because they want to make money. Let's be honest about that. This is the game. We all see all these influencers that appear to make insane money. And so we think we could do that, too. And we jump in. And so, if you're like me, you probably followed a similar path. You jumped in. You really sucked at first, but slowly surely, you started getting better and building up your skills. You grinded and grinded. You spent 12 months and hundreds of hours trying to do this. And then finally, you started to turn on monetization and get some money coming in. And then it hit you. $52? Is that it? That's all I'm making from YouTube AdSense? 12 months of grinding and hundreds of hours and all I'm getting is $52. And so you keep going for another year and you spend all this time and months and months and months. Maybe you land one brand deal for $500 and maybe one for $1,000 here and there, but you're working really hard. The views are high, the followers are high, but the money just doesn't seem that high. It doesn't seem in line with what you expected. And this is the big learning. Value does not really acrue at the media layer. This is the lesson. There are three layers in the content stack. The bottom layer is the platform layer. This is Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, the actual platforms. The middle layer is the media layer. That's me and you, the creators that are making content on the platform. The top layer is the offering layer. These are the products and services and brands that make products and pay creators to make content to drive attention to those products. Most of the money gets acred at the platform layer, the Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok or the offering layer, the brands, products and services that are driving. But very little gets captured at the media layer. All the attention is generated from the media layer, but very little of the value is actually captured here. And this is because value capture is correlated to risk. It's much easier for anyone to start making media than it would be to start a brand or much harder to start a social platform that actually works. And so the rate paid to creators is lower. The value captured is lower. The learning for me and probably you as someone that's trying to build internet businesses and survive as an entrepreneur is that value just doesn't acrue in a big way at the media layer. It's better to use media to gain attention and then funnel that media to owned products and services than it is to rely on the value capture AdSense and brand deals from the media. And tactically, this means building your own products, services, or doing affiliate deals with uncapped upside instead of relying specifically on AdSense CPMs or brand deals. And I can get more into the business side of content and monetization models in a future video if you guys want, but this is a critical piece when you're trying to monetize from content. There's just not that much money in the media layer relative to the other two. All right, guys. There you have it. Those are my five non-obvious lessons for how to actually grow and monetize on social media. To recap, number one, social media is not social anymore. It's just media. And this means the game has changed because the media game is all about matching content with the right viewers. To help the algos do this matching, you want to stay super disciplined on a single topic for a single audience avatar consistently for a long time. Use the words you say and the captions you say to help the algo detect what topic you're actually talking about. Number two, pure virality is a trap. If you want to make money with content, you want to go for ontarget virality, which means maximum penetration within your ideal avatar slice. To do this, pick ideas that resonate specifically with their pain points, but wrapped with category relevant broad case studies. Number three, fish where the fish are. You don't need to be on every single social platform. Pick the one platform where your customers live. Be video native and consistently engage in the comments and DMs. Do this specifically for 6 months. Number four, think in islands instead of ecosystems when you're building your social brand. Platforms are built like islands. Users consume like islands. You should treat them like islands. Build native content for the platform and don't try to force ramp people from one to another. The only ramps you should build are like ferryboats taking people from islands to email or community owned platforms from rented to owned. And number five, value does not acrue at the media layer. If you want to actually make money from content, know that the value occurs at the platform and the offering layer. Use the media layer to build attention and then ramp that attention to owned products and services. And remember guys, when it comes to the actual tactics of making better videos, the nuts and bolts, the click- forclick, I have tons of free resources and other videos linked below. And also, it's a shameless plug, but Sand Castles is the best AI tool for helping you ramp up your content production. So, if you haven't tried it, it's completely free to try. You should. And lastly, make sure to leave a comment to let me know what you guys want in the next video. But until then, we'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [158 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Lindyg01 [2 likes]: Here in 2026
I'm starting a Facebook fashion page today
This tips are so helpful like I'm feeling so motivated
Hoping to make it big😊
  3. @ManlyHK1 [1 likes]: But I have seen many multiple topic channels that are huge successes!
  4. @Chefmarthaa [1 likes]: You are so good..thank you for giving this out for free
  5. @MaryNnekaTV [1 likes]: Feel like giving up😢
  6. @krishna_but_stillbrown [1 likes]: I know this works for business but how about comedy or art that comes from multiple topics , good art doesn’t usually translate to views or followers
  7. @FluffyBunnyFeet06 [1 likes]: Tried about 7 different videos on this topic. All just said fancy words didn’t teach anything. You’re the first one who actually has taught me anything. Thankyou. great content
  8. @Adylus0 [1 likes]: It was good ❤
  9. @hybird4training: Good stuff brother. Love your content
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لا يوجد دبلجة بلغة العربية
  11. @BlockGT1: I have -10 views :D I’m sooo good
  12. @therandomchannel808: Thanks bro this helps
  13. @Ijeoma_Kalu: I’m new on content creation and truly I’ve noticed this; focusing on one topic and being consistent on it. You just gained a new subscriber 🎉
  14. @SoftWhispersofLove: Godbless you Sir
  15. @kakashi24001: say i am creating a particular channel for bringing people to a certain religion and i create videos teaching the various components of that religion, its teachings, doctrines, Text authority etc. is this a niche enough channel? will i have good exposure via the YT algorithm ?
  16. @aninditapal-se3pv: The best thing I have done so far is to come accross your videos
  17. @SickCallRanger: Just now beginning my journey. Thanks for the tips
  18. @tsoomoonaraa953: I am so glad that I found you
  19. @CliffordWeston-n2v: It seems like it shouldn’t be too hard, but with all the new factor involved, it’s definitely not as simple as it used to be
  20. @SkywardSolutionsPhotography: This was super helpful ! I can’t wait to dive more into your videos and see what we can learn. We are just starting our business and it can feel overwhelming at times.

- I’ve Analyzed +1,000 Viral Videos - Here’s What Works: Kind: captions Language: en Going viral is easier than you think. If you're a content creator or brand willing to study what actually works, virality, it's not luck. It is a science. And at the heart of that science is storytelling. Because the right story told the right way doesn't just get views. It builds trust, drives action, and makes your message unforgettable. Over the last 20 years, my team and I have spent over 10,000 hours analyzing viral social media videos. And in this video, I'm going to break it all down for you. First, we'll cover the one mistake that 99% of people make that stops them from understanding how viral content works. Then, I'll show you my foolproof method for finding ideas that actually work. Next, we'll uncover the reason that 97% of people fail and how to avoid it. And then finally, I'll reveal my go-to method for testing which route to take that will get you the best results. So, let's dive in. But first, we need to address the one thing that ruins most people's chances of going viral. Trying to follow trends. If your strategy is built on trends, you're starting from scratch every single time. That's exhausting and unsustainable. You end up relearning the game over and over again and never get the chance to truly level up your skills. So, what should you do instead? You need to find a format and run with it. A format is a repeatable content structure. It's not based on what's trending this week. It's based on what works consistently. Think of it like a TV show. People don't tune in because every episode is wildly different. They tune in because there's a format they recognize and trust. For example, Mr. Beast $1 versus $1 million series is a format. It's a repeatable concept that instantly creates contrast. stakes and curiosity. Tahini's restaurant built a viral brand by acting out customer interactions as sketch comedy that itself has become a format. And Nitro Bar focused their efforts on a format where they ask every barista what's the weirdest drink someone's ever ordered. That question alone built them a loyal following online. Even back in the early days, Blendec turned a simple question, will it blend, into a viral empire. Formats, they're not new. But creators who understand them are the ones that are winning the long game. Now, compare formats to trends. Think back to the ice bucket challenge or that viral sound that kept shouting, "Give me my money." Or even now, every other video on your for you page says, "Use this trending song and you'll go viral." But the problem is trends fade while formats they scale. Trends might give you one hit, but formats give you a system. Now, our research team has studied over 300 high-erforming formats across different niches. These are plug-and-play blueprints like the 30-day challenge or stranger interviews or the skit with a twist formula. And the creators seeing long-term growth aren't chasing the next big thing. They're mastering one format, building momentum, and iterating with every single post. So, how do you start building a system like that? Well, it begins with a mindset shift that 99% of creators miss. I have a confession to make. I eat Chipotle almost every day, and I've probably had the same burrito bowl hundreds of times. But if you asked me to make it from scratch, I wouldn't have the first clue on how to do it. not without figuring out the exact ingredients, how much of each one, what order they go in, and what makes it taste so good. Now, it's the same with content. Most people assume that just because they've watched a ton of viral videos that they can automatically recreate them. But until you shift your mindset from just a consumer of content to an expert content creator, you're always going to be guessing. So, going back to the Chipotle analogy, you've got to stop thinking like someone that's ordering lunch and start thinking like the chef that's behind the counter. What's in it? How is it built? What makes it work? When you break it down like that, you stop copying content and start crafting it. Every video that you release provides feedback and signals about what worked and what didn't. By being analytical, you can use these signals to refine your next piece of content. At Hookpoint, we developed a proprietary diagnostic system for this very purpose. A method for breaking down each content's performance. We look at dozens of variables in every video. What happens in the first 3 seconds? Did the opening image or line hook attention? Were captions used and in what style? How was the pacing and energy? What emotions did it evoke? This granular analysis helps you uncover the real performance drivers behind a video. See, it's not about subjective guesses. It's about cold, hard data and patterns. We've identified three of the most common performance drivers in viral content. Promise of value, where the viewer is given a clear, compelling reason to stick around because they know what exactly they'll gain by the end. That could be insight, entertainment, or transformation. In Ali Abdal's nine passive income ideas, how I make $27,000 a week hooks viewers in with a clear benefit. watch if you want to learn how to earn money in your sleep. Second, the general's principle. Now, even if your message is niche, the presentation needs to be broad enough to appeal to a wide audience. This ensures that your content performs to the algorithm standards and reaches more people, including potential clients or customers who weren't actively searching you out. In this video, how to be car dealers, Mark Tilbury acts out a relatable skit where an everyday buyer outsmarts a shady salesman using insider tips. Though this is about purchasing a car, the dramatic character-driven setup makes it entertaining and accessible to anyone who enjoys stories about underdogs winning. The third is perspective shift. The video challenges the viewer's existing beliefs or reframes a familiar concept in a way that just feels fresh, surprising, or even mind-blowing. This kind of insight sticks with people because once you change how they see something, they are more likely to remember you. In the video FHA loan by Ecom Jess, she flips the widespread belief that you need 20% down to buy a home, revealing that you can qualify with much less. That simple shift turns a dream into a possibility for millions, making it not just informative, but unforgettable. Some of these performance drivers are pieces of knowledge, while others are subtle emotional cues, but the best videos often stack several of these together. Now, to join that top 1% of content creators, you must go deeper. You must develop the habit of post-mortem analysis of your content. Because when a video flops, don't just shrug or blame the algorithm. Autopsy it. Now, when a video soarses, dissect it, too. Well, why did it work? The analytical mindset is what separates the content architects from the amateurs. Also, shifting your mindset means embracing patience and consistency. When you adopt a format, you commit to mastering it. It may take a number of tries to really nail the nuances. So, resist that urge to abandon ship too soon. And a great way to avoid burnout is by ignoring a piece of advice I hear creators follow all the time. If you do this one thing, you're basically gambling at scale. You may save some time up front, but you risk wasting a lot of time on the back end with content that just simply doesn't perform. Batching is like printing 10,000 flyers with a typo. You've mass- prodduced a mistake before you even knew it was there. That's exactly what most people are doing when they decide to batch content. They end up with 20 useless videos. Let's say the video number one had a weak camera setup. You won't find that out until it flops. But now you've got 19 more videos sitting in the queue, all with the exact same flaw. You've just wasted hours of your time and budget. And more importantly, you've lost 19 chances to improve. That's not content creation. That's gambling. And in business, gambling with your time is gambling with your bottom line. The truth is iteration is where the ROI of your time lives. In a digital world, speed is your greatest advantage. The faster you test, the faster you learn. The faster you learn, the faster you scale. In the early stages of adopting a format, you need tight feedback loops. You create one video, release it, and watch the data. What was the click-through rate? How was the audience retention? Did people rewatch or share it? What reach ratio did you get? These insights should directly inform your next video. This is how you build a content strategy that compounds over time through rapid learning loops, not static content calendars. Now, let's take Connor Price for example. On September 9th, 2022, he released the first version of his around the world format. It went well, but 12 days later, he released another more refined version. and that it blew up. It wasn't luck, that was strategy. He didn't batch 10 variations up front. He tested, learned, and leveled up. That is the mindset. But there are so many different formats out there, it can seem overwhelming to just pick one. So, how do you decide where to start? Choosing the right format is like finding the right container for your message. Not every format suits every creator or topic. You see, the magic happens when you match your message and personality to a format that amplifies them. So, you may be asking, how do you select the ideal format for you? Well, start with your strength and passion. Ask yourself, what style of content could I see myself doing, not just once, but 100 times? Because if your goal is repeatable success, you'll be living in this format for a while. And it needs to be something that you enjoy and can execute well. So, if you hate acting, a skit format with characters, it's not for you. If you're an introvert, a man on the street interview won't be fun. On the flip side, if you love explaining complex ideas simply, an explainer or visual metaphor format can be perfect. Now, remember, if it feels like pulling teeth, it won't be sustainable. The format should energize you, not drain you. With a clear idea in mind, it's time to research what's working. Study content in and outside your niche. Focus on structure, the hook, the pacing, the payoff. What formats are they using? Do you notice any patterns? Make a list of the formats you see succeeding and consider which ones might fit your style. That is what drives growth. Our team's 10,000 hours of research have identified hundreds of formats, but you don't need to boil the ocean. Just hone in on a few that resonate with you and have proven appeal. Now it's time to test them on a small scale. Once you've identified a promising format, produce a video in that style. This is your prototype phase, so don't worry about perfecting it immediately. Instead, aim to learn what that format demands. Now, here are a few common low lift formats that you could use to get started. Walking listicles. Now, this consists of delivering actionable tips while walking. This motion keeps it visually dynamic. The list structure delivers value fast. It's perfect for experts who want to build authority and momentum with nothing more than an iPhone. The next format is X things I would never do where a professional shares things that they never would do. This format triggers curiosity and surprise. It also challenges assumptions and delivers real value in a simple punchy setup. Two characters, one light bulb. It's a skip format where the same person plays two different characters. a skeptic and an expert or a villain and a guide and then they debate a common misconception. It's fun, it's dynamic and teaches through contrast. This format is ideal for simplifying complex topics and making them memorable. Now, before you even hit record, the first step is analyzing what works. We need to study formats that are already driving results and breaking them down. Now, there are hundreds of different combinations of performance drivers we analyze at my company, Hookpoint, and we don't have time to go through all of them, but here are a few high-level examples. What is the hook? How is the story structured? And what makes it sharable? Now, once you've identified a winning structure, hone it and fit it to your voice. That gives you a framework built for repeatable success. Then comes the test. If your first video doesn't hit the mark, don't panic because now you've got the data to boost your viral chances even further. This next part is possibly one of our most powerful techniques. It's the reason one of our clients managed to multiply her views by 2,000 times the amount that her first video generated. Her name is Aaron and she runs a puppy yoga business and her first video wasn't reaching as high as she would like. So, we ran what is called the Hookpoint mirror test where we put her video side by side with a similar one that had already generated 18 million views. Same niche, same energy, but very different execution. We took notes on what it did better. Then, we made the tweaks to Aaron's next video, and it managed to generate 59 million views in one week. It's all about evaluating your content with raw honesty by comparing it with a high standard. Remember, we're scientists conducting an experiment. So, remove all of the ego and emotion from the content that you've created and approach it with curiosity instead of disappointment. To perform the Hookpoint mirror test, I take a piece of content that we've created and hold it up against a proven winner in the same format, literally playing it side by side with the top performing video. The sidebyside mirror reveals the nuances we might miss otherwise. Are our first three seconds as captivating as the winners, or does the other video grab attention faster? Is our pacing dragging at any point when the other keeps viewers hooked? How does the energy and emotion compare? By mirroring our content against a known success, the gaps in our execution become glaringly obvious. So, how can you do this yourself? Say you decide to focus on a challenge format. We'll take your latest video in that format and pick a viral challenge video that you admire. Watch them concurrently. Now, it may feel awkward at first, but trust me, you'll be able to spot the differences. The Hookpoint mirror test doesn't lie. When your video can stand next to a top performer and it holds its own, then you know you're on the right track. I will warn though that most people end up doing it wrong. They ask themselves, "Would I watch my own video?" and they almost always say yes. But that's a trap. You know the context and the value already. You made it, so of course you're biased. The real test isn't whether you would watch it in isolation. It's whether a stranger would pick your video over another one on their feed. That is what the mirror is really for. Not self-reflection, but a sidebyside comparison. Let's say your video sits next to one from a top creator or a trending reel. The same scroll, the same stakes. Now, which one would make you pause? Which one would you watch all the way through and share with someone else? If it's not yours, then it's not ready. Don't post and pray. Refine the hook. Cut the fluff and make it undeniable. Another way to use the hook point mirror test is comparing yourself against yourself. Though, it's incredibly important that you already have some high performers first. So, in order to do this, look at your last five videos of content side by side and identify which one was the strongest by whatever metric matters, views, retention, conversions, and use that as the bar. So, how do others stack up against your own best work? If one video had an incredible hook that the others lacked, isolate what made it so gripping. Hold the weaker ones in the mirror to that standard and spot what's missing. This way, you are continuously upping your baseline. Your average improves because you keep challenging yourself with your personal best. By applying the mirror test, you ensure that you're not operating on an autopilot or ego. It keeps you aligned with what actually works, grounding your creativity in reality. Now, I hope you've enjoyed this video and you'll want to watch this where I break down the psychology of going viral.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NextGenFinance-27 [3 likes]: I'm 1+ years on Youtube and have not reached 1k subs, yet I'm still here. Keep going guys, don't give up! Best wishes to all the small channels out there. lets go!
  2. @NikkiDenver [1 likes]: As always, Brendan doing the work — so we don’t have to. Thank you! ❤
  3. @BrendanKane: Get a FREE copy of my newest book on viral growth (60B+ views): https://goingviral.cc/viral
  4. @BradColes-h9c: No one of substance ever talks about the music artist and adoptable formats for the sing song writer.  I'm watching a great Artist moving ckawards at lightning speed.
  5. @opinadordigital: Esté hombre debería habilitar la opción de doblaje, para llegar a más idiomas 5:33 me interesa mucho el tema, pero escuchar en ingles y leer en español me dificulta 😢
  6. @benjaminonmaui: Great Video
  7. @Multi-AccountMastery: Love how Brendan reframes virality here: stop chasing random trends and instead lock into one repeatable format, then iterate it like a scientist using promise of value, the generalist principle, and perspective shifts as your core performance drivers. I’m using accsmarket to spin up and scale different format experiments on multiple platforms and geos at once, so I can quickly see which structures actually pull strangers in before I double‑down on any one style.
  8. @AppliedFitnessCoaching: great video
  9. @Led5975: Can you help with affiliate marketing ? Like clickbank links in bio ?so to create video to go viral ?
  10. @edzahrin7283: 16mins Gold masterclass. Thanks Kane.
  11. @YuptheHeroDog: how many days of data atleast for us to gathered before me analyze it?Thank in advance.
  12. @cassandrafinchplantpoweru: I'm here after watching your deep dives  with The Futur and Myron Golden. You've given me hope and a strategy. Thank you.🙏🏿
  13. @ShadowX2K7-c3y: “We will cover viral videos that my team and I have been studying for the last 20 years”. And dude has just 104 videos uploaded. Yeah right. 🙄😒
  14. @detetonanikibankov8476: bro you look AI
  15. @sabrinemaria2015: Struggling with numbers come we grow together
  16. @jonathanpeters9271: Here's the thing. Most of the time viral videos aren't really coming from long-standing YouTube channels with a well-formulated niche. They're coming from random people with no other videos in some particular format. Your advice is viable for someone who wants to become a creator, sure. But if you were hoping to capture the feasible elements of a viral sensation, these are fluid, evolving things and most of the time aren't going to be reproducible because they don't follow media trends. At least from my perspective, it's not something you can really teach.
  17. @EnglishForImpact: Super useful, already filling out the format ideation spreadsheet. actually the first channel that I feel can really give me a feasible way to get unstuck
  18. @BurakBuu: Man you've got great hair!
  19. @Faizan_Accountant: I’ve started watching your videos three days ago and have watched about 10 complete videos …. I see your niche or format is basically around virality … but when I see your very own videos I feel like you are not telling stories as well? And hence you’re not having enough viewership ? But maybe as you said it’s about having a system in place and probably you’re earning more than someone with a million followers
  20. @koechdawn1412: who edits your videos?

- The TRUTH Behind Viral Trends: How Brands Plan Your Aesthetic Years Ahead  #consumerism: Kind: captions Language: en It's amazing how stores are so ready for the most obscure trends like the tomato girl summer or the Ralph Lauren Christmas just as they're starting to be talked about online by all of the influencers. It's almost like all these hot trends are kind of pre-planned. Well, that's because they are. Spoiler alert, brands don't magically predict what influencers will deem trendy. And self-important influencers definitely don't invent trends via the magic spell of their amazing Tik Tok videos. And they definitely don't discover things before it was cool. Influencers in fact don't actually influence trends. They just influence you to buy things that companies have pre-planned to be trendy a year in advance. So here's how it actually works. It starts with companies paying trend forecasting companies like WGSN or Trend Union, basically the consulting Illuminati of online vibes to dig into people's social media and give companies insight about what trends will be big. They come up with blinding insights like, "Hey, it's 2025 and the economy is terrible and the world feels bleak." So, nostalgia for a better time will definitely be huge this year. And cue '9s Halloween and Ralph Lauren Christmas. The last few years when the economy was a little less crappy, pink Halloween and pink candy cane lane Christmas was all the rage. Because in a good economy, or at least a better economy, maximalist Instagram friendly decor always does well. Now that the world is on fire, nostalgia for when it wasn't, is all the rage. So when companies get this data, it then helps drive the procurement process and they order millions of tartan pillows and green stockings from their source distributors overseas. But the thing is supply chain management and corporate procurement is a complex process that takes a long time. It takes countless hours of logistical coordination. Trust me, I know this. And it is expensive. So with all that being said, companies don't want to risk people not buying the stuff that they've ordered because the internet denisens deemed it unworthy of being trendy. So, if you're a big corporation, how do you ensure that your bets will pay off? Well, that's when influencers come into the equation. Influencers are just useful tools for brands to help market their business. Influencers don't actually dictate trends. Instead, they just help push trends baked up a year ago in a corporate boardroom to the masses. And influencers might not even know this is the case because a lot of the times it all lies within PR boxes. Influencers get free loot with little notes containing bakedin talking points like cozy vibes or nostalgia or old money aesthetic. And they're just so excited to be part of a list of exclusive PR recipients that they jump online and start posting content that subconsciously features this exact same language. They start posting the content that features the colors, the textures, all the different pieces and bits and bobs that were sent to them in their PR packages. and they start talking about how amazing all of this is because of course influencers never want to bite the hand that feeds them. So this content goes online and it starts spreading like a virus. And just like that, a totally spontaneous holiday aesthetic is born. One that magically shows up in stores like a month later. Consumers of social media, many of them just desperate to be an influencer as well, jump on the bandwagon so hard it's amazing that people don't break legs trying to jump on and thus the feedback loop is complete. All that to say is that in a few short years, people are tossing out the all-white Christmas or the bubblegum pink Christmas of last year in favor of a look that is the same look that people would have dunked on a few years ago because it looks like your grandma's outdated '8s decor. It looks like the set dressing from a '90s after school special. The consumer economy and what is trending isn't really usually organic. It's a calculated matrix of decisions born and bred in a boardroom between consultants farming your social media data and companies that are trying to meet their quarterly earnings. Influencers are so enamored with being part of an exclusive club that is catered to by brands that they just regurgitate anything that companies subconsciously or even consciously tell them. And consumers are then so eager to be part of a trend that they throw out their pink lollipop or white forest Christmas decor from just a year or so ago in favor of the most current aesthetic that you didn't even know existed a week ago. This trend chasing is exhausting and it's especially sad when you realize that you're just being manipulated by corporations to consume things that they've pumped into their corporate procurement systems just a few months ago. And the aesthetic that is your absolute obsession this year is really just some boardroom PowerPoint slide from 2 years ago. Eerie, isn't it? If Ralph Lauren happens to be your aesthetic, good on you, I guess. Please don't be cringe like the snobby HOA president bragging about being a second generation Ralph Lauren Nepo baby, but just try to think if this aesthetic is really your vibe or just a vibe that is popular at the moment. Personally for me, I'm much more of a blue and gold Christmas person. So, that being said, I won't be partaking in Ralph Lauren Christmas trend because I'm not going to burn my money on new decor that is not necessarily my own personal style. And while I may not be the trendiest house on social media, at least I won't be incurring extra debt with aesthetics that don't match my style. That's all I have for today. If you like this type of economic sarcasm, be sure to follow for

  Top Comments:
  1. @timmytwister6397 [37 likes]: So reminiscent of the line in The Devil Wears Prada “..you think you’ve made a choice that exempts you from the fashion industry when in fact… you’re wearing a sweater that was chosen for you by the people in this room.. from a pile of “stuff”.
  2. @IRLMoney [9 likes]: You know what makes a dead-inside corporate girl happy? Comments below! 😅 What consumer trends have annoyed you in 2025?
  3. @singingsamodiva [3 likes]: This is why our decorations are the same every year, the only thing that changes is placement in the house and some actual plants/branches that we pick in the park each year or a new ornament we make by hand, but that’s it. I don’t go looking for new Christmas decorations every year, I find that insane.
  4. @marianhunt8899 [3 likes]: Influencers are just online marketeers.
  5. @christophercripps7639 [3 likes]: Without trends, fads the economy would crumble. Buying this stuff because it is trendy is just part of the subscription economy. “Influencers” - at least used car salespersons sell some customers something they need - on demand transportation. Trends and fast fashion keep waste haulers and landfills employees employed.
  6. @-astrangerontheinternet6687 [2 likes]: This is done with everything. 

Not just the stuff we buy… but with the things we think, and especially what makes us angry. 

Disneys fave move is to pretend bad people don’t like their stuff bc they’re sexist or racist… putting Disney adults and children in a position to defend the Disney project. 

No one in real life, who matters to any of us, cares that Ariel was a darker tone. And yeah, live action snow white was a horrible attempt at entertainment. But who cares? Bad movies have always been made. Why do so many take it so personally these days? 

Because they’re manipulating us. 

One thing to make us go into debt feeding our clout chasing ego, another thing to make us think life is so bleak and our presence so damaging to the planet it wouldn’t be so bad to let it burn. 

They need us thinking that way so we keep buying stuff, unconcerned about the future , our progeny or legacy.  


To consume is to destroy. Can’t build in consumerism.
  7. @CordeliaWagner999 [2 likes]: That has been known since trends became a thing. But most people act purely on emotion and rarely have some real thoughts.
  8. @tisheetee [1 likes]: is this also how random stuff gets popular like when llamas got hot for no reason? this is why i don't like following trends but then i'm looked at as strange because of it😒
  9. @philipheisler5188 [1 likes]: read propaganda by Edward Bernays
  10. @indoorvoice [1 likes]: If you really want to beat the game, start getting to know the street to haute (and haute to street) patterns and how that influences trends. Design still needs inspiration, watch what the weirdos and arty types are doing. Long before any of this influencer thing my friends and I would watch runway shows and figure out which elements we could thrift. And for all the reasons you mentioned here about trends, the supply chain and buyers we were ahead of the game by about a year or more. You had to have the eye for it. 
Set yourself free from all this predetermined garbage that live laugh loves way past its expiration date! know that what gets called 90s nostalgia what was sold in malls to the moms and set yourself free !!!
  11. @Bacongirlkris [1 likes]: Guess what? I'm currently trendy without trying. I enjoy my vintage things.
  12. @olilumgbalu5653: I noticed the Stanley cup craze started after I bought a Stanley cup. A lot of trends seems to center around me for some reason like the term "woke". Not sure why "they" are so obsessed with me. I've always stated that trends including street lingo are imposed from above and not organic. They are plagiarized from one person or group then transmitted through society by govt/military agents like some sort of social contagion. Kind of like a lot of infectious/viral contagions are also not natural but imposed on the masses by outside forces (the Epstein group of people). From smallpox blankets to HIV to Covid.
  13. @lakemoonlight4697: Am so glad that more people are catching on to this!   And, that you're making a video exposing it!  I won’t click on any recommended video that uses words like "trending" or "viral" in their thumbnail or video title!   Have always seen thru BS, and a rebel against social conditioning!
  14. @VeyaMeow: Sorry this is news to you? 😅

Fashion industry has had "trend books" for ages and ages - those come out 4 years before the trend is gonna happen and get sent out to all of the major designers. Others can get them, too, but they cost well over $1000 back in 2007 - can't imagine what they're charging for those now..

But yeah, no, trends and fashion are a control tool and have been for a loooong time. Hence, following the trends is mindless herd program.
  15. @alexeypert: It's so good that I live in Russia. I go to the store, buy some food, and go home. December 24th and 25th are just like any other weekday. Perfect.
  16. @operation_turtle: damn i was hoping wgsn was the girl group cosmic girls and they were deciding all the trends for us.
  17. @shmataboro8634: This pre-planned marketing racket has been going on for ages.  In the Beatles 1st film A Hard Day's Night  there is a scene where George is in an office being interviewed  about current trends and the office personnel are upset that he doesn't like what he is supposed to like as the next hot new thing.
  18. @Adehsn: I always thought monkey see monkey do
  19. @jodiburnett6211: I don’t know one single person who decorated On Trend .
  20. @nobody764-j9n: Funny you said you're more blue and gold.   Lol we got a blue spruce this year. And covered it in gold balls.  It sparkles can be seen from space. Lol. ❤️

- How Much To Spend On Ads When You've Made $0: Kind: captions Language: en one question we get asked a lot is how big of a budget should we allocate to advertising if we're a smaller business and haven't made a single sale yet because a lot of the budget videos out there are based on the percentage of your profits but what if you don't have profits yet where do you start I'm going to show you where to start in this video and give you a four-step approach to ad spin that thriving businesses took when they first started out and in case you don't know I'm Brandy with Life Marketing the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow all right if you haven't made any profit yet the first step is to allocate at least $500 to $1,000 a month minimum towards your ad spend if you don't have that kind of money to spend then spend what you can but if you have the ability I would spend at least $500 to $1,000 a month on your ads starting out which ads am I referring to you ask Facebook or Google well you'll definitely want to pick one platform to start you don't want to stretch a $1,000 monthly ad budget across to ad platforms so you'll need to determine which platform makes more sense for your business and the nature of your offerings I have a full video comparing the two if you want to watch it next but the short version is this if the nature of your product or service is one where people Google it when they need it then you need to be on Google if it's something that people don't really search for or look up on Google or maybe it's not a necessity then social media ads are probably the better route so think about the nature of your offerings and which route would make more sense for you once you've picked the platform you want to invest in you're going to start running ads on it with your dedicated ad budget but you want to run ads certain way so as to maximize that app budget which brings us to step two ab split test AB split testing is when you run multiple ads with one variable changed in each the goal of ab split testing is to see which visual caption and target audience combination is going to produce the most results at the lowest cost per result for you for example if you're wanting to test out different captions you would run the same creative being an image or a video for multiple ads but give each ad a different caption or vice versa if you're wanting to test the creative you could run a different image or video in each ad but keep the caption the same in all of them or you could keep all your ads exactly the same and run them to two different audiences then you identify which ad or ad set perform the best in terms of Engagement or sales or whatever your goal is keeping one element the same throughout and then changing the other element you want to test throughout allows you to see exactly what it was about an ad that made it work or when you keep the ads the same but send them to different audiences you can see which audience performed better and when you understand the ingredients that make an ad campaign successful you can then recreate that success at scale so I'll link this video on how to get started with AB split testing if you need a step-by-step tutorial or if you'd rather hire a professional marketing agency to handle all of your social media advertising for you you can fill out our contact form to get a free marketing proposal and quote to see exactly how we can help your business grow and at what cost linked below the alternative to AB split testing is to slowly test out one variable at a time for a much longer amount of time draining your ad budget and patience so that's why I recommend small businesses advertising For the First Time start AB split testing from the get-go all right step three is to look at the roas not just the conversion value roas stands for return on ad spend so let's look at an example to understand why this is important if you're looking in your ad account and see that ad a has five conversions and a $500 conversion value and AD B has three conversions and a $300 conversion value you might think that ad a is the better ad because it's bringing in more money right but you need to take into account that each ad might have spent a different amount of money if ad a spent more than $500 to acquire the $500 in revenue from purchases you're losing money on that ad you're spending more than you're receiving whereas if ad B only spent 80 bucks to get the $300 in conversion value that's a profitable ad the roas again return on ad spend takes the amount you spent on an ad into account it's the total revenue generated from your ads your return divided by your total ad spend so you don't have to do the math in your head every time and you can look at that one metric and see if the ad is profitable or not now if you're not selling products or haven't entered into as manager how much a lead is worth then you can just look at the cost per lead knowing in your head how much you want to spend to acquire a lead to see if an ad is performing well or not if you don't know how to pull up your roas or cost per result column metrics and ads manager to see it then I'll link this video for you to watch next but it's important to be thinking about profitability when it comes to ads not just whether they're getting you sales or not and then lastly the fourth thing you want to do when it comes to taking a successful approach to your ad spend is to turn off ads that are not worth it and scale the ads that are based on data after you've AB split tested and received a fair amount of data on your ads you can start to identify the patterns of what makes your ads work and what makes them fail turn off the ads that are not fruitful for you and reallocate that ad spend to the ones that are or into new ads to test against the ones that have done the best so far in sales they say ABC always be closing but in marketing we say ABT always be testing successful business owners know it's important to continuously set the bar higher don't just settle for an okay roas strive for a great roas or cost per lead now I'm going to wrap up by leaving you with a few resources all of these will be linked below how to set up Facebook ads step by step in case you've never done it before how to create and execute a Facebook ad funnel so you don't just spend money to spend money run ads that actually result in customers for you and seven top Facebook ad examples from real case studies and clients of hours for you to check out and get the creative juices flowing and I'll see you guys in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrRigazzi [5 likes]: that doesnt sound right 500 to a grand advertising starting out with a business that has zero profit you'll put yourself in a hole keep in mnd most people arn't selling products with a huge turn around dont take this advice im going somewhere else
  2. @Lagubaray [1 likes]: You are an amazing instructor when it comes   Face book ads
  3. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=thrivingbizadspend&utm_campaign=oct302023
  4. @JudyStewart-j6j: Thank you so much for this video. Very instructive.
  5. @Leigh-AnnFranetzki: If my brand is going to be only marketed on Instagram and products sold only through our website, should we run Google ads or Facebook ads as an emerging luxury accessories brand?
  6. @Jannibhai847: hi friend i am pakistani can i start it with 7$ i want to run ads in usa  my budget is low because and in our country it has high because of our bad economy and my products value is 350 $ with superb quality 50$ discount and free shipping  and my monthly budgets is 210$ usd ok can i get 5 to 6 sales iin per month with superbs ads startergy  plz reply
  7. @kainelegacy: Very good video. Gave me the exact info I was looking for. Subscribed!
  8. @HermesTheMessage: This is the most helpful video about AdSpent and Marketing. Thank U❤

- How much should I spend on ads?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to tribute academy hi brian here in the 13 plus years that i've been doing digital advertising there's one question that comes up time and time again and it's this question how much should i spend at the beginning of every fiscal year or when an advertiser is just starting to do digital ads i often get asked this question how much should i spend i then go do the research figure out how to best align um this you know advertise online digital ads to a client's business goals and then i come up with this number and i give it to them and then they'll often reply with whoa whoa brian it's way beyond a budget we can't afford this the conversation then becomes instead of how much should i spend it becomes how much can you spend i hope that's by the end of this conversation you'll learn two key concepts first of all advertising you're just paying for the data and what that means is um you're trying to figure out how to reach your audience and it's more like trial and error you can go with best practices but it's almost always about trying to figure out your audience and what combinations of messaging targeting criteria etc to to get the most value out of this way you're trying to reach your audience secondly advertising it's more like calculus what do i mean by this almost all the time regardless of what budget it use you have to spend on advertising it's no longer about you know quote-unquote marketing it's actually become now an a optimization problem where you're trying to find you know squeeze the maximum return out of these dollars that you're spending on advertising based on some constraints so for example budget target criteria um your market and your product itself so in short it's actually there's no magic number this magic number does not exist i'll give you an example of what i mean um about an optimization problem so let's say you're advertising in facebook uh maybe in the first phase you start testing audiences you can put you know an arbitrary amount of money into uh testing uh audience one to four and i call this phases because you don't necessarily have a defined period typically people say two weeks but this phase could be as little as one day it could be as much as you know an entire month and then in phase two you'll start seeing that audience one and three is beating out two and four and you continue on your tests in phase two with these two audiences and maybe you introduce audience five and audience six to to kind of see if they're within the universe of audiences that you're able to target which are the best for you then maybe in phase three you'll find that audience one three and six are the winners you take this into the next phase and maybe you can start doing testing ads maybe in this first phase of your testing you have three ad variations for every audience the key concept here is that you want to put money behind each of these audiences and add combinations to find out what message matches or or the creative itself the ad image itself what matches with your audience the best and then maybe in phase t you find that oh these are all the winning combinations uh audience one with ad two and three audience three with ad one and two audience six with ad three and then you can continue maybe add in a different variation for each of these ads and there you go you can set aside budget to do testing in this way another example could be in google ads maybe you can start off with something that's high impression so what i mean is maybe video ads or maybe display ads these two ad formats can help you collect data very very quickly and in a short amount of time with very little money and you taking this information these people come onto your website and if you have google analytics installed what happens is that it can start spitting out other audience targeting criteria for you to start testing with so that's you can incrementally adjust your budget based on how many audiences you're testing so as you do this you can maybe have some feedback loop in terms of getting infinity audience in market audience and of course remarketing audiences as well and then based on that you can start testing for search intents maybe different placements and maybe play around with your geo targets now what does this mean in real dollar number terms maybe for tactics that are lower down the funnel uh maybe you can put 80 into high intense keywords that are focused on conversions and then put maybe 20 on broader keywords that are there that serve the purpose of more or less mining for new phrases or being like a catch-all and another example distribution is maybe you start off with 80 20 at the bottom more bottom heavy as your campaigns become more robust and filling out the middle of the funnel uh maybe you can split a bit from the bottom of the funnel into the top of the fun middle of the funnel and vice versa for the top of the funnel so that's you get a 15 15 70 split and then lastly as your campaign matures more and more you'll have maybe keep that 15 but what the scenario is at the top of the funnel what happens is as you get better and better you can actually reach more people with less money and by by sort of honing in on what audiences are really performing for you because serving the ads don't necessarily get you the type of testing that you need it's the click-through rates that really matter for the top of the funnel now of course it still matters for the bottom of the funnel but more so at the top of the funnel because you can figure out which ad message and creative resonates with the audience quickly and then of course like you start shifting more of your budgets to the middle of the funnel to get people through to push them through the funnel from the top to the bottom and that's why you have a 15 25 and 50 split now where's that extra 10 coming into play that 10 can then starts being allocated for remarketing because now um you know throughout the entirety of this um journey from the 20 to the 15 percent to the other the last 15 for the top of the funnel there may be a lot of people that are not moving through the funnel that you will have to start retargeting and to get more bang for your buck so the key takeaway here is to optimize and maximize so keep optimizing your campaigns making sure that you're maximizing your returns so data analysis is another huge part that has to do with your budget because how can you make decisions based on your data to shift budget around i want to actually take preach this concept that i always use called good enough analysis let's take this uh tortoise and hair race scenario and let's say from zero to 100 confidence in terms of like knowing what the results are um we stop at the 70 mark where we're you know we we can let the quote-unquote race in the test run longer to get more confidence in the data but let's go through some of the scenarios that could happen here they could stay on the same trajectory and perform similarly and in this case we'll just be wasting time because we know that that the hair is winning they could slow down but in this scenario the hair is also still winning and they could have like exponential growth like a hockey stick scenario where um you know they just take off and in this scenario when we look at all the possibilities here two out of the nine scenarios end up with the hair uh losing to the tortoise so that means close to 22 of the time you will be wrong if you pick the hair as the winner and the opportunity cost is waiting out that 30 percent of the time so 30 percent of time to have a 79 or 78 ish percent to win so right now it's a cost benefit analysis and more often than not um if you see a particular trend persist it's quite often good enough to act now rather than wait for the data to be perfect to finish analyzing the data and and to optimize uh or make the changes managing google ads and facebook ads for that matter is an ongoing process there will always be new things to introduce to tests always be new things to to optimize for and if you wait and spend the time to have perfect data the the benefits of having that extra bit of data versus acting now almost always it's better to act first than wait for perfect data so if you see your data approach a point where you're confident enough about it you don't necessarily have to wait um that incremental amount to get it to perfect so to summarize there's no magic number for what budget usage you should spend it all comes down to um an optimization problem you whatever amount you give to someone who's managing your ads or you managing your ads yourself your goal will always be to maximize it regardless of how much money it is so spend what you can and don't worry about often you know people uh can persist and want to find out a number set an arbitrary amount spend 100 bucks spend 200 bucks testing for budget is another way of optimizing and maximizing which leads us to this next point um whatever amount you're you're investing in your ads to buy that data to make better decisions whatever happens you optimize and maximize that first amount whatever you put in the nix amount so let's say you put in a hundred dollars the next hundred dollars you spend on ads it's going to be so much better than your first hundred dollars and that's what i mean by that um the earlier points that advertising is like buying data lastly don't wait act on the data waiting for data and letting the test run out is not going to help you move the needle for your business what you really need to do is take the data analyze it but know when act and and put it into action so that you don't just sit on the data and and analyze it uh it's it's probably more profitable for you to make incremental changes than to wait for the data to run its course to have perfect analysis thank you so much for watching until the very end i really appreciate it and to get your feedback use the like or dislike button and comment below with any other questions that you want me to cover in future tutorials speaking of which please subscribe more tutorials will be coming out and hit the notification bell so that you're alerted when they do come out stay tuned

- 2025 Digital Video Ad Spend & Strategy Report: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello and welcome to IB Pulse, our regular video news show where we talk about the hottest and most important topics in the digital advertising ecosystem today. This afternoon, we're going to be discussing one of the most important channels in all of media, digital video, and more specifically CTV streaming. We just released our 2025 digital video ad spend and strategy report and this topic is not only hot off the presses but hot in terms of the talking ecosystem right now. I'm very excited to introduce two of my guests. Amy Layman who is the senior vice president of advertising tech platforms at Disney. Hello Amy and thanks for being here. >> Hi. Thank you so much for having me Chris. Of course, we are super excited to have you. And is it fair to say my new friend Dan Meridian, who I've gotten to know now across multiple meetings and gatherings and who is the senior vice president and global client solutions at Innovid. Welcome, Mr. Meridian. >> Yeah, thanks for having me, Chris, and thanks Amy for letting me uh tag along to the party. >> Glad to have you. So, we're going to talk about three topics today. how CTV streaming platforms such as Disney are democratizing access for small to medium-sized brands and advertisers. Um, the very important new success metric or metrics, if you will, regarding business outcomes within CTV. And I want to kick off with this topic that I found absolutely fascinating around the definition. I'm going to do the air quotes of TV. And I'm going to start with you, Amy, because I loved this quote that you said in the pregame, which was quote, "TV is a behavior, not a box." And that's the first time I've ever heard somebody put it that way, and I think it's fascinating. So, I was hoping we could kick it off by you kind of unpacking what you mean by TV is a behavior, not a box. So, what we've really started to see over the past five or six years is that every single television that is getting shipped out of the store comes with fully integrated internet access and the ability for a consumer to download their apps on on the television. And when you think about consumer behavior, um the the television is an experience. It's the programming. It's the premium content. It's the premium storytelling. And consumers can watch television content on a myriad of devices. The television itself is the 60in device that's sitting on the screen in the living room. But the behavior of watching television isn't just tied to that screen in your living room. It's happening on the train. It's happening on mobile devices. It's happening on airplanes on your tablet. And so when we think about buying TV, are you buying the device or are you buying the premium content and storytelling? Dan, I'm pretty sure you have some thoughts on that. What do you say, my friend? >> I mean, I I like I love the definition of television that way. I I mean, if you ask anybody how they watch TV, I'm sure you're going to get as many answers as many people you ask. I can tell you like from my perspective, you know, watching TV for my 95year-old grandfather, it's on his recliner and it's probably linear. For my 24 year old daughter, watching TV is on her laptop in her bed in her bedroom. Uh for my 13-year-old daughter, it's on her tablet as she walks around my house. Um you know, it's no longer tethered, the definition shouldn't be tethered to the screen in the way it has been historically. It's defined by attention, by relevance, by engagement. It's it's definitely not the hardware anymore. Um, and your recent report, Chris, digital video ad spend and strategy highlights how buyers care much less about where the content is consumed, like the actual device they're consuming it on, and more about what the content is. So, you know, if you're a viewer and you're watching ESPN on CTV because you missed the game and you want to catch Sports Center, great. Or it's Disney Plus on your phone at a bus stop because who wants to ride a bus without watching something anymore? You know, it's all that's all part of TV. And I think I I I love the new definition of how of how TV is being redefined. >> Yeah, that's it's interesting. First of all, I agree 100% with both of you. And I think I kind of had the aha moment with this about two years ago. I have about an hour bus ride home. And there was a gentleman sitting next to me who was on his phone watching the bear. And I thought to myself, "Oh, I know that episode. That's a great episode." And I realized that that engagement moment that happened there for me was it doesn't matter where I saw it. The bear has made a connection with me regardless of screen and I know the show and I love the show and that type of engagement is some is what the advertisers are trying to capture, right? And the fact that it captured me on a bus after a long day home um and it immediately brought back the emotion of watching the show to me is what the advertisers are trying to capture and it it didn't distinguish for me between what device it was. So I think yeah I think as an industry if we can start if we can get all folks thinking that way I think it'll be a huge step forward. Um it brings me to my question now. I'm going to go back to you, Amy. Um, how does that translate practically for advertisers on your platform for example? Are you seeing engagement patterns, different engagement patterns across devices or should we just focus on the engagement level that it brings regardless of how the person is watching it? >> Absolutely. And and I think the I I do want to take a step back and just look at the industry as a whole >> and how Disney has made monumental efforts in solving the fragmentation problem through our unified ad platform. and and that's difficult work um for for folks that have been in the streaming business for decades plus. Fragmentation problem is real real and being able to understand your audiences and how they watch your content across a myriad of devices. Starting on one platform, right, pausing and then continuing to watch on a different platform later is difficult to achieve. >> Y >> and being able to tie that together for an advertiser, right, to manage frequency across that entire spectrum of devices and platforms and content is difficult to do. And and and this is where we've really made significant investments in our platform to to achieve that so that a marketer can reach their defined audiences at scale across all of these different contextual moments, right? whether it's live sports, whether it's, you know, deep into the bear, you know, season three, um whether it's watching, um, you know, family content on Disney Plus and and being able to bring that all together to not only integrate an advertisers's moment into that unique storytelling opportunity or that fan moment. Um but then to be able to tie that to outcomes, right, and performance and how we achieve advertiser objectives um through that process. And I think that's a very unique um approach that we've been able to um solve for from a platform perspective at Disney. >> Now Dan, that dips its toe into your space >> as a company under the hood that stitches all these things together. How are you managing that? How are you guys solving that for clients like like Disney? >> Yeah, I mean for advertisers and for platforms, it means thinking beyond just where their ad shows up. It's about focusing on on how it shows up. So, uh just from a technical perspective, device level decisioning and creative strategies can become really critical. The same ad doesn't work the same way everywhere. If you're on a CTV, you might have a call to action that is, you know, scanning a QR code and shopping now. Whereas on mobile, that doesn't work at all because you can't scan your phone with your phone. So, you have to change the call to action and a device level targeting strategy or decisioning within a within within of its platform allows you to do that. So, on mobile, that same ad shows up. It says tap here to learn more. On desktop, it's click to complete or click for more information or you know, things like that. And then on CTV, of course, you have a QR code. Um, that from a technical perspective is things like dynamic creative, which ensures that a message doesn't just reach the viewer, but it also speaks the language, in this case, based on the device they're on or the moment that they're in or the mindset. There's a lot of different triggers that we can use to add personalization to to a piece of creative. Again, the first consideration when you're talking about CTV has to be if we all agree that the behavior is what we what we said in the beginning that that's something you have to consider. Um, but with the right tech, marketers can meet viewers in that behavior with relevance and precision at scale. Disney's made it very easy to activate and to have access to all of that inventory. The consumer makes a choice about where they consume it. when we get to serve an ad, we have to make sure that it's relevant in the context of the viewer. Uh, and again, there's technical solutions to this like dynamic creative, but that's just a really uh tactical way to think about how how this uh h how that needs to be considered in a world that is now sort of omni channel everpresent, you know, a behavioral type of uh activity rather than a device or a screen which television has, you know, classically been defined as. But as we're in the midst of a, you know, redefinition period, that's one of the great ways to kind of approach approach doing that. >> Yeah. We um it's interesting what you're saying because that itself and what Amy alluded to um how you know on Disney's part that the unified ad platform is such a huge achievement. So that's one yes. like you can't you can't underestimate that statement and the way I'm thinking about it is okay you have what they've achieved then we get into Dan what you've been talking about and how complex that is on its own and we haven't even talked about >> I promise we make it really easy >> oh no absolutely otherwise you Disney wouldn't be working with you you guys do it well um but we released a paper and I didn't mean to plug this but I'm going to plug it released a paper earlier this week or maybe last week called unified media planning playbook across CTV OOLV social video and fast and the device the different device the challenges that come from the different devices right you have the IP address which is on the connected television um you have the ad ID which is on the mobile device uh the same type of things happen with the tablet so just from a basic tracking standpoint just just stitching together those different uh device signals are different, right? So, it's not like so first it's like let's talk about the the device that the guys the person is on and then how you even ad serve to that, right? And then the different creative sizes. So, yeah, I mean it's it's a monumental achievement to be able to um deliver that for advertising and I applaud both of you for being able to help. I mean the beauty is truly in the elegance uh in terms of like our ability to do this at scale >> across the fragmented ecosystem that is CTV uh in a single tag. I mean that's that's the reality. We send one one tag and it handles the decisioning from a dynamic creative perspective. You know, one thing we haven't talked about in terms of fragmentation is uh you know, the other kinds of devices that bring the internet to a television, dongles and plugins and y, >> you know, different all different things where you can then download the apps, you know, uh and consume the content. Um that choice is another choice consumers make. Uh so I mean, you know, from from where I sit, uh you I don't see um the fragmentation going away. uh you can look at our and we publish a benchmarks report. You can look at this kind of data but like what we see from not just the screen but also the device and the publishers is just it there's not it's not going to be like mobile where there's two. >> Got it. >> It's not going to be like desktop where there's one real dominant platform. TV is and will stay fragmented. >> Yeah. And and that brings me back, it reminds me again of what we talked about in the beginning where these kind of old definitions need to change, need to evolve. And um I think it's obviously the way we define TV needs to change. And then the way that we think about how to track and measure and ad serve needs to change as well. It's no longer a straight line. It's no longer linear, which is pretty obvious. Another thing Amy I want to come back to you that Disney um achieved in the last couple years is the launching of the self-s serve ad platform and the reason I come up with that or bringing that up now is because again that's a huge achievement and that got a portion of the well gets the whole industry makes it easier for the entire industry from small to large advertisers but it really helped the small and medium-sized businesses is um get over a major hurdle which is enabling them to have access to content such as across the Disney platforms like the highest quality type of content that is out there on the big screen if you will and of course it goes into the other screens as well. Our new study revealed the importance of business outcomes for CTV. When I hear business outcomes, one of the first things that comes to my mind all the are these small to mid-size brands. They tend to be very performance driven. They tend to be very bottom funnel, which means that Disney with their new activation platform has to and and thus puts the smaller enables the smaller players to be on Disney's platforms. Um, which means that puts the onus on Disney to drive business outcomes. So my first question is Amy, can you just give a little bit of background on what needed to be easier, how it needed to be easier for small to midsize brands in terms of being able to advertise within major networks and streamers such as yours? >> Absolutely. So I think one of our core tenants for our platform is really centered around automation, right? Y >> um automation is key and whether that's um being able to create environments where uh small to mediumsiz businesses or indie agencies can come in and launch their own campaigns directly on our platform or whether that's through programmatic channels and direct integrations with um major DSPs like we've done with DRA with Amazon Amazon DSP, Trade Desk, and DV3. Um whether that's, you know, future direct integrations, um, you know, into agency buying platforms to from from our perspective, the democratization and leveraging automation, right, to support frictionless buying is just a a core tenant of our platform. So, Disney Campaign Manager, which is our self-service platform, um we launched a couple years ago in partnership with Dan Ads, we have now fully integrated that as a core part of our platform. And you know the belief is that um being able to provide tools for planning, buying, measurement um and the integration of capabilities like we've done with Compass, right, which brings outcomebased measurement directly to the advertisers and the agencies. And we've signed up multiple hold codes. We have key partnerships with Innovid, Cint and others to be able to provide outcomebased measurement for planning and buying as well as campaign optimization and post campaign analysis is critical for the success of um the industry. in. And we fully believe that by creating unique storytelling experiences and premium content that in and of itself, right, creates environments that lead to better outcomes and performance for for for marketers. I think that's also part of our core tenants. When you couple that with the context of what the consumer is watching, with you couple that with personalization, um the premium experiences that the consumer um has while watching Disney Plus, it's nondisruptive, right? It's high quality. That in and of itself also leads to performance. Um but you have to create that measurability, you have to create those integrations. Um we have our clean room um which is critical in terms of being able to aggregate and identify opportunities right for >> um audience uh segmentation um and performance on the back end. So Dan, you know, this is again where innovates tech becomes crucial and so how are you bridging that gap between the CTV ad exposure and the measurable measurable business outcomes for your clients? >> Yeah. So I mean innovate XP is the is is our measurement attribution and outcomes product. Uh it's built to connect the dots between ad exposure and real world business outcomes as an independent omni channel ad server. Uh we don't own media. Um and that gives us an unbiased and holistic view of performance across platforms including CTV of course. Um because we're an ad server, the primary uh capability that XP is built on is the ad serving data. So it's not a pixel. There's no retraing of tags. It's not just about impressions, views or clicks or completions anymore. You know, CTV is very different. uh there's no mouse, there's no browser, there's you have to have an attribution product if you're going to understand an outcome, even one that exists on a website, which has been a more measurable, uh a more measurable place than maybe something like an offline sales or something like that. Um so, uh again, uh there's high organic completion rates. Again, when you think about some of the classic digital success metrics, completion, click, conversion on a site, >> none, none of those really exist in CTV. So, so you have to have something that is you have to have an attribution solution in place. And I'll be honest, you you know, Disney has some of the best content on streaming platforms. Uh that's me fanboying out over it. But you also have to hand it to them not just for the content or the accessibility to that content that they bring through ad manager. Um they don't just sell the ads and walk away. So they have really embraced this shift by empowering advertisers and their entire ad sales team by the way with real time third-party independent metrics that are powered by our XP platform. We've seen Disney share real-time results across verticals from insurance brands tracking policy quotes the outcome uh or um or startups seeing QR scans and site visits the outcome that they care about to retailers measuring rorowaz at the individual product level the outcome that they care about. That level of transparency is really rare and it builds an incredible amount of trust with the advertisers who buy that that media which again is some of the some of the best content that's out there. >> Yeah. the it's I mean you guys are so speaking the right language because our study found that the number one reason that buyers end relationships or don't increase dollar investment with CTV streaming platforms is the failure to deliver business outcomes. And I don't mean from a proving standpoint. I mean like they did not deliver the business outcomes that the that the brand needed. So th this is absolutely incredibly important. So Dan, our study also found that about 83% of advertisers, agencies and brands said that although they're activating programmatically, whether that's the way they've done for years across the DSPs or they're using, for example, um Disney's self-s serve ad platform, Disney campaign manager, um that they still want help, assistance, and guidance >> from the sell side on that activation and our interpretation of that goes from tech specs all the way to strategy. So I was wondering if you could comment on that from your perspective why that research point makes sense. >> Yeah. So I mean I think it's really important that we kind of understand the help in that sentence. If we look at it from a technical perspective, Innovid uh supports advertisers on the buy side for the sell side a couple of different ways. I mentioned with dynamic creative earlier the sort of single tag that handles some of the decisioning that goes along with it. That's an efficiency that benefits uh you know trafficking and ad operations teams. Another place because of the fragmentation in CTV that we see advertisers come to us with challenges is around tag acceptance and spec compliance. So within innovates platform, we're working with an advertiser or the the sell side is supporting uh or or leveraging our platform to deliver that experience for an advertiser. All we need is one single ad. That's it. We need a 15-second spot or a 30-cond spot, whatever the media is that they're buying. You give me one ad once it lands in innovative platform, we automatically encode that asset up to 90 different times. The reason we do that is because we believe in the best quality needs to show up. Quality is so so important. Um, it's always important, be clear, across all different kinds of media. But when it's on an 85 inch 4K television in your room and you're streaming the bear and you go from adbreak to or from content to adbreak, if that connection is broken and it's not seamless, it takes the user out of the experience. It's not a great experience. If you know you see a buffering wheel or something like that. So, Innovid's platform again is purpose-built for CTV ad delivery, both live and streaming environments on CTV. So, again, those encodings are a technical solution. It's all wrapped in that single ad tag I talked about a moment ago. When an impression is called for on Inabit servers, we say, "Ah, who's this publisher? The customer, the user is watching on this kind of television and it's this platform and their internet connection looks like this. here's the best quality asset we can give for that experience so that we don't break the experience that the customer has while they're streaming. Um, and and we think that's really really important because the last thing we want to do is inter be be more interruptive. Um, you know, again that's that's looking at this challenge or the help that a marketer or a platform might need from a technical perspective. Um, I'm going to ask Amy to kind of cover maybe some of the other bases in terms of maybe account and structure. I mentioned earlier how great and transparent the Disney sales team is. Um, but I think there's more to that. >> Yeah, absolutely. And I think that while the technical piece is absolutely hard, right, and it is complex, um, that's where I think the expertise of the teams at Disney can really help bridge the gap, right? So while while we absolutely focus on a automation right as the core underpinning for how um ads are transacted. You can't underestimate the value of having the strategic partnership to drive insights um and drive results for our customers and our advertisers. So while we certainly will focus on automation, um that just makes the strategy piece even more critical. Um the ability to actually transact via biddable programmatic into live sporting events, right, is a critical critical capability. And then you tie that in with personalized ad creative, right? And those personalized second screen experiences that drive even further engagement and performance. Technically, that's very challenging. Um, but being able to tie that together with strategy, the insights that can be garnered from the platform, um, whether that's through the partnership with Innovate or some of the other unique insights that we we have, um, from the Disney platform is really key. Um, and and that to me, those relationships only grow deeper and stronger as we're able to focus more on strategy and less on the operational kind of churn that happens with just trying to get ads working on CTV, which you know, it it's still operationally challenging. >> Yeah. And you know it's what's what's interesting to me about that is the you have the tech complexity which is so difficult on its own as you both mentioned. Um and then of course and for years the strategy component it can be just as complex and is just as important. My theory now is is that because consumer behavior is changing so quickly and is unpredictable at times that that means that I would think that the buyers are more and more going to need to come to the sellers who know their consumers very well because they interact with your content and shows to have strategy discussions like how are people watching your programs right now? Are you seeing different things across different devices? Tell me about different types of shows, live events versus live sports versus pre-programmed. So, I would think that the strategy discussion is just going to continue because they need you to help figure out how to best serve the right ad to the right people at the right time. Otherwise, the business outcomes are not going to handle. Guys, this has been absolutely fascinating. Um, having this discussion with you and looking under the hood of what each of you are doing made me realize that both of your companies are well poised to address what the research study uh that we just released says about the needs from the buy side and where they are headed. This was a great conversation. I think we're seeing a future where TV isn't just more accessible, it's more accountable, i.e. business outcomes. I want to say thank you to my guests Amy and Dan for joining me here today. And I want to say thank you to our viewers and listeners for leaning in. This has been an IB Pulse. Let's chat and we will see you soon on the next episode. Thank you.

- HOW MUCH SHOULD YOU SPEND ON ADS: Kind: captions Language: en This is to answer one of the most commonly asked questions concerning online ad by most business owners. As a matter of fact, we have in the past received this question as one of the most highest asked questions. And the question is simple. It is how much should we invest in online ad? This is coming from usually coming from the business owner that is just getting started or someone that is trying out for the first time or trying to sell a new product. Now, if this is your question, if you have this question in mind for your business, then I encourage you to watch through the end of this video for clarity. Now, getting started, I'll make this very simple for you. We encourage businesses to spend 20% of their expected revenue on their marketing. 20% of their expected revenue on ad. This is to say, take for instance, a real estate business that is looking forward to making over uh 100 million by the end of the month, we are encouraging this business, by this formula, to spend 20 million naira Now, having said this, it is very huge or it might be very huge for some businesses, but at at the same time, it is the simple truth that you may want to hear. Now, the reason why we said this is that we've been able to try this, test this uh couple of businesses in the past, and we were able to come to the conclusion that this formula is a game changer in most businesses when it comes to budgeting for their advertisement online. And the uh for maybe maybe for other business any for any business at all, it could be but try to spend 20% Let's assume a fashion designer who is just getting started and is looking forward to make uh their million in business. We encourage the business the business owner to spend 20 to spend 200,000 to be able to do this. Now, one of the things one of the secrets one of the important secrets I I I will encourage you to take note of is this. When you invest that 20% in your marketing, you'll get to find out that by the end of the month, if everything is done right, when I mean everything is getting done right, I I'm talking about the content being done right, I'm talking about the sales person being diligent in his or her work, you know, it's getting I'm making sure that the process that we set in place, the structure that we set in place, the landing pages and all of that are actually well connected to each other and there's no break at all, there's no break at all in the entire structure, then your revenue is definitely going to be way bigger above 500% 500% of expected revenue. That is to say 500% of 20 million is 100 million. 500% of 20,000 of 200,000 is above is is 1 million. So, you the assurance for using using this particular formula is that you are going to make way bigger. This is not This is not Ponzi. It sounds like Ponzi, but it is not Ponzi. There is There is a proven It's a proven strategy. It's a proven formula for most businesses as we have tested this formula with many business owners in different businesses and this has this this has been so It's It's been proven to be true. This does not apply to realtors who is selling a real estate product properties. No, if you're a realtor, it does not apply because you're only giving a fraction of what the revenue is. So, but for real estate business owners who are actually selling their own products, who are selling their own properties, it's uh recommended 20% is what you should invest. Now, for every other business, be it a a a a a buy and sell selling business, you buy and sell, uh or a construction based business, we encourage you to spend 20% of whatever it is Okay, let's assume you are spending um 20,000 on 50,000 Naira on your ad, the expectation is that you should get minimum 100,000 Naira on your ad. Let's assume you are spending 200,000 Naira monthly, your your expectation should be above a million Naira revenue. Let's Let's No matter what it is you are selling. Let's assume you are spending uh um uh 500,000 Naira on your ad on your marketing, you are expected to get um minimum um 500% of that. And 500% of 5 million is over 2.5 million if I'm not mistaken. So, this If you continue with this, this is exactly how it is. Now, if you are a real estate busi- if you are into real estate and you are your your properties you have properties over 9 million, uh 5 million and you are running your ads with a budget of 100,000 Naira or 200,000 Naira, it's it's um uh it is difficult to give you a guarantee guarantee that this yourself is going to give you a huge return. We are not saying it will not work. We're not saying uh nobody will buy from you. People are going to buy from you with any budget. I can tell you for sure too. Because we've we've sold properties with just ad of 2,000 Naira on the on the test. It's It's just a test and it worked. 2,000 Naira, I'm telling you. 2,000 Naira, we were able to sell a property with a real estate your and it worked. Like it worked. So, whatever project it is you have can work, but we are giving you if you're looking at for a predictable revenue, a predictable revenue, then you have to work with this 20% formula that we just shared with you. I would like you to go ahead and try this with your business and uh what I mentioned, if you get everything right, you know what I'm saying, um I want I would encourage you to uh connect with us at Brands Brands Origin to help you set up whatever ad it is you want to sell, uh run, whatever product it is you want to sell, whatever service it is you're selling, we'll we'll be glad to assist you to get that done right and see you sell your next product with ease with an expected predictable revenue by the end of the month. See you anytime soon. Uh this Well, not I'll I'll be glad to have you at Brands Origin to help you set up your next ad for predictable revenue by the end of the month. This is Brands Origin and this is the oxygen of business growth. Cheers.

- The Story of India’s Viral Cockroach Janta Party ft. Pragati | Jist: Kind: captions Language: en In politics, sometimes a big party is formed, sometimes a movement is started and sometimes something starts as a joke on social media which soon becomes the topic of discussion in the entire country. One such name suddenly started appearing everywhere. Cockroach Janata Party. If you are unemployed, lazy, spend hours on social media and can also research professionally, then congratulations. Welcome to Cockroach Janata Party i.e. CJP. Hearing this name, at first it seems that it is a joke , a meme. There is another trend going on on the internet. But when you look at the story behind it, it's no longer just a joke. [MUSIC] There's politics, there's anger, there's satire. There is the power of social media and the biggest thing is the anger of the youth which has been brought out in the language of memes and satire. What is the whole matter behind the formation of Cockroach Janata Party? You will know in today's video. Hi, I'm Pragati and you're watching Jas. The story of the formation of this party begins with a controversial statement. When on May 15, a comment by Chief Justice of India Suryakant went viral on social media. In this statement given regarding unemployed youth, the word cockroach became the centre of discussion. [MUSIC] So what? Instead of taking this word as an insult, the internet turned it into an identity. And the very next day i.e. on 16th May, Cockroach Janata Party was formed. The party's website was created, Google form was opened, membership started and within no time thousands of people started joining it. Within days, CJP had thousands of followers on X and millions on Instagram. The question is, is this just a viral joke? Is this a meme protest by unemployed youth? Or behind this joke is hidden the frustration of today's generation which is angry with all three - job, system and politics. Cockroach Janata Party or CJP did not suddenly start trending one day. There was a controversial statement behind this which created a huge uproar on social media. The matter started with a hearing in the Supreme Court where a bench of Chief Justice Surya Kant and Justice Jay Malia Bagchi was hearing a case. This case was related to a lawyer who had demanded to be given the status of senior advocate. During the hearing, the court made strong comments on the behavior of that lawyer. The bench said that there are already people in the society who attack the system and during this time some harsh comments came to light. In which words like parasites were used. Some parts of it were clipped and went viral on social media and a narrative spread rapidly that the unemployed youth of the country were called cockroaches. However, later clarification also came that the comment was not made to collectively target unemployed youth. Rather it was said in a specific context. But by then, the outreach on social media had already begun. This is where this digital protest started which named itself Cockroach Janata Party. On May 16, the very next day after the controversy, a Google form appeared on social media. People were told that if you are unemployed, lazy, chronically online and can rank professionally then you can join Cockroach Janata Party. At first it seemed like a joke but this same joke became a trend within a few hours. Behind this trend was 30- year-old Abhijeet Deepak, who is said to be the founder of this party. According to media reports, Abhijeet had earlier volunteered with the social media team of Aam Aadmi Party and is currently studying public relations at Boston University in America. He claimed that the entire idea was created in a few hours with the help of a friend and AI tools. A website was created, branding was developed, slogans were written, membership forms were released, and a new party was launched on the internet. It is written on the website of this party that it is Voice of Lazy and Unemployed. The website also states that our mission is to create a party for the youth who are repeatedly called lazy, unemployed, chronically online and now cockroaches. This is the only mission. The rest are satire. All this is obviously satire. But this satire connected people on social media. Within 3 days of the formation of the party, its social media accounts started getting millions of views. By the time this video was recorded, the party's Instagram page had 5 million followers. The reason for the popularity of this party is not just its funny name. In India, in the last few years, frustration among the youth has increased on issues like unemployment, competitive exams, paper leaks, NEET controversy, institutional trust, media bias. But often this frustration does not come out in traditional, political language. The Internet has a different language. Memes, sakajams, irony jokes. The cockroach Janata Party picked up the same language and reclaimed the insult caused by the Chief Justice's statement. The party made the word which people were looking at as an insult its symbol. This was the reason why social media users instantly connected with it. But this isn't just a meme page. The party has also released a manifesto. The manifesto mixed both jokes and serious politics. Cockroach is the motto of Janata Party. If she comes to power, 50% reservation will be given to women in cabinet positions. MPs and MLAs who change parties will be barred from contesting elections for 20 years. The party said that a Rajya Sabha seat should not be given to any Chief Justice as a reward after retirement. There was talk of action if legitimate votes were deleted in the elections. Some proposals were openly satirical. Some were direct political criticism. Things like investigation of bank accounts of Godi media anchors were written in the manifesto. Issues like cancellation of licenses of big corporate media houses also became part of the controversy. Because of this, some people on social media are saying that this is not just satire but politically loaded messaging. Not only this, Cockroach Janata Party also showed support on NEET controversy. Raised exam related issues of students. CBSE rechecking fees termed as blatant corruption. That means the party did not limit itself to just one joke. He tried to touch every issue where youth anger already existed. This was the reason why meme pages, students, young professionals, activists, opposition supporters all started amplifying it. Now questions started arising as to why this party was formed? Founder Abhijeet Deepak said that his ideology is secular, socialist, democratic and anti-caste. He described Gandhi, Ambedkar and Nehru as his inspirations. From here, critics also started raising questions whether this is really a meow movement or is there political positioning behind it ? Because the founder's background with Aam Aadmi Party also came into discussion. Some called it genuine youth anger , some called it an opposition style digital campaign and some called it just an internet stunt. Its virality on social media became a case study in itself [music]. The meme pages picked it up first. Then the influencer reacted jokingly. Then the opposition leaders amplified it. Names of TMC leaders like Mahua Mohtra and Kirti Azad started circulating as admitted [music] members. The tone of the Cockroach Janata Party website is deliberately sarcastic. It is written there that we have not come here to make another PM Cares. I have not come here to travel on taxpayer's money. We have not come to rebrand corruption as strategic spending. We have just come to ask where the money went? People on social media are now also asking whether Cockroach Janata Party will create any political movement ? There is no formal registration for this yet. Like mainstream political parties. Right now it is just an online satirical movement. But many major political movements in history have started like this. This is not the first time that public frustration has come out in the form of a large organized discussion like this. If we remember the events of the year 2011, at that time a big public movement named India Against Corruption had started in the country. The protest that started at Jantar Mantar under the leadership of Anna Hazare was also the result of the deep frustration of the common people against the established institutions and administrative system. The political energy generated by that movement resulted in the formation of the Aam Aadmi Party. The acceptance of this new political party was so fast that it registered a historic victory in the 2015 Delhi Assembly elections by winning 67 out of the total 70 seats. If we compare the current Cockroach Janata Party and the India Against Corruption movement of 2011, a clear similarity is visible between the two. Both the movements were successful in mobilizing a large number of people in a very short time. But there is also a huge structural difference between these two. Aam Aadmi Party was built around a specific face and leader. While this movement is entirely centered around a satirical meme created on the internet. Political analyst Meghnath, observing this unique political behaviour, says that in today's times, a circular party is being seen as a better alternative to real politics. This situation is a huge comment on the current state of Indian politics. Seeing the growing seriousness of this movement, its founder Abhijeet Dipke also recently made a statement that he might shift to Delhi in the future [Music]. Because this campaign cannot be left midway like this. Do you think this movement will be able to mobilize people outside the internet as well ? Will it just remain a meme? Will the founders turn it into an actual political organization or will it die out like a trend after a few days? Share your opinion in the comment box. Just keep watching for every news related to the country, world and you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertfuest007 [1 likes]: Jab tak inke 500M followers nahi ho jate tab tak moti chamdi wale neta logo ko kuch ghanta bhi fark nahi padne wala, aur inke followers maximum 25-30M ho payega fir sab khatam.
  2. @chandasingh70: Bilkul bhi nahi cacroch party anti nationalist konkaga gaya hai 
Inke leader shehzade  hain ...

Bigde shehzade
  3. @siddaiahsiddu949: Cjp great features
  4. @Ganjgul-e6o: After Bangladesh it's time for revolution in India
  5. @RajeshThakur-HND: Indian judiciary is not merely an inefficient institution; it has become structurally compromised. Keep filing an application under Section 340 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, initiate proceedings before the Bar Council under Section 35 of the Advocates Act, approach the High Court, or even the Supreme Court—it ultimately makes little difference. Select incidents alone are entertained, select individuals alone are elevated to the higher judiciary, and select advocates alone are offered judicial positions. The entire system appears pre-arranged and insulated.

In Himachal Pradesh, the condition is particularly alarming. Neither the merit of your arguments nor your social standing is accorded genuine consideration. I state this from direct experience, having witnessed proceedings personally from the District Courts up to the Supreme Court of India.

If there is any doubt regarding the gravity of these assertions, then the Hon’ble Chief Justice of India may kindly be apprised of, or invited to examine, the affidavit that I filed before the Bar Council of Himachal Pradesh on 9 December 2025. The affidavit details how certain senior advocates, over the past three decades, have allegedly facilitated the continued persecution and harassment of innocent individuals under the very guise of justice.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WWDMBDIktuw74ljtN7Cj0mr6xIddzVpm/view?usp=sharing
  6. @BishnuWagle-d5n: https://youtube.com/shorts/dbTiqoh4LFw?si=03rRfgHeAMv1mFBL
  7. @Spiritualitytous: Only a political party can change a lot in short span for a country.
Turning this in to real party will be good for india and its people.
  8. @tagore2.0stigmabreaker: Abki baar 400 par jai cjp
  9. @JAYeeZ16: People needs to Understand that person raising voice against some issues is not going to run india.. Be Mature and Support the who running our country good as compare to before
  10. @nitin828-y7v: Only cjp
  11. @SS-qs5vq: Fight against anpads and andhabhakts 🎉❤
  12. @BudhadityaBehera-e9d: Vote CJP
  13. @sanaanimtiaz3897: This is all india is capable of giving the world. Such a loser
  14. @htnaku4947: CJP belong in dirty gutters and in Tatti they eat
  15. @Rawfiles503: “लड़ना कब है, भाई?”
  16. @Rawfiles503: “लड़ना कब है, भाई?”
  17. @Gabbar_213: Long live Cockroach Janta Party 🎉❤
  18. @Satvikgosain: Another venture of aam Adami party😂😂
  19. @raycorp5167: Kuch nahi hoga agenda ksbhi safal nahi hota
  20. @parweenkhatoon9375: ❤❤ CJP❤❤

- Food Influencer Faces Backlash After Controversial Spicy Bowl Videos Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Right. So, I'm actually going to start this video off with a bit of a pre-warning because sometimes I get comments on these videos from people saying that they like to watch these videos whilst they're eating. And I do just want to warn you, you might want to finish your food first because trust me, if there was ever going to be a topic in one of these videos that has a good chance of ruining your appetite, it's definitely this one. But one thing I will say before we get any further, I'm not actually going to show anyone eating throughout this video because I know when I've shown like a food review type video previously, there have been some comments from people saying they don't like seeing people eat on video. And we really don't need to see anyone actually eating food in this video. So, just to let you know, I'm not actually going to show anyone eating if that is something that bothers you. But you will see what they're going to eat in the video. And that is the the worrying part about all of this. But either way, let me actually explain what's going on here, right? So, there's a good chance that you will have heard of spicy balls before. They're very popular on Tik Tok. This is just a video example. It's got about a million views. I believe it's like pickles and like sausages and banana peppers and pickled eggs and maybe some other stuff. But either way, like I just mentioned, they're very popular on Tik Tok, but most of the time when people are making videos involving spicy balls, they're just trying them and like giving their thoughts. I mean, as a quick example, we have a video here from a user called Maisha Eats. And yeah, like I mentioned, most spicy bowl videos are just straight up like food reviews. >> All right, y'all. We got us a spicy bowl from What's the Tea? So, we going to see what's the Tea. Ooh, y'all look at that. Wow. Y'all, are you supposed to eat this room temperature or cold? So, yeah, Maisha goes on to eat the food. She gives her thoughts. You know, your usual like Tik Tok food review video. And that's exactly what most Spicy Bolt videos are like. In fact, that is what most food reviews on Tik Tok are like. But one user who has uploaded a bunch of videos involving spicy balls recently that are definitely unique is actually Arhri. And to be fair, if you do actually look at Ari's older videos, she has got some food reviews uploaded which are like your normal food reviews. Okay, so look, if you're in Indianapolis, Indiana, you need to look out for this pink truck. This is the Cavity Factory. She has different flavors every week and they're all so so good. And the best part about it is it's pink. She be going crazy like you got to check it out. But throughout this month, Arya's decided to take a bit of a different approach when it comes to food videos. So, a few weeks ago, Ari actually uploaded this video where one of her friends, I believe, is eating a spicy bowl, but it's a rotisserie chicken spicy ball, I believe she calls it. >> Back at it. We got the rotisserie spicy butter. Way to Midwest way. What we thinking with it >> know you got to do the extra sauce on top. >> So, yeah, an interesting combination to say the least. And I think because it is a interesting combination, the video ends up going viral, right? It's about a million views as I'm recording this right now. And I think Ari saw that this video did like very well and thought, you know what? I'm going to do more videos like this, except they're going to get more unique each video. So, in one of the next videos that Ari uploads, she is recording someone eating a spicy ball out of her shoe. Again, I'm not going to show any eating parts throughout this, but I'm going to play the beginning so you can see what the video is. >> She want her in the shoe. She ain't playing no game. She don't care what y'all talking about. What up, >> y'all? We got the octopus with the loaded spicy ball. Y'all ain't never seen a spicy ball Converse before. >> So, yeah, the rest of the video is just her friend, I believe, eating the the spicy bowl out of her shoe. Now, there are a lot of videos that Ara has uploaded this month of these kind of unique ways of eating spicy balls. I don't really know how else to describe it. So, because there's so many, I'm going to go through them kind of quick, right? In fact, this whole like niche, if you will, has got so popular that Arya started doing collabs with this style of video. Like, for example, Arya uploaded a video of a user called DLG Inc. Studio who is a tattoo artist. And in this video, this tattoo artist decides to eat a spicy bowl out of a toilet. >> So, what's ball >> behind you? What you mean, >> baby? Y'all ain't never seen a spicy ball in a toilet, baby. This is toilet bowling to feed me a bowl out toilet. >> Yeah, I've got to say, you are right with that one. I've never seen a spicy bowl in a toilet before, and I think that's for good reason. Now, the one positive for this video is it seems to be a toilet that they've just bought and hasn't actually been used. But still, like, what are you doing? And yeah, again, I'm not going to show it, but yeah, the the video carries on and she starts eating the food out of the toilet. Another video Aries uploaded recently is putting a spicy bowl in a fish bowl. >> Kick the fish out, babes. The fish got to go. Y'all ain't never seen a fish tank spicy before by Aaron Tion with the frog legs on top. >> Another example of a collaboration AR's uploaded recently is with a lawn mower company, and you can probably imagine how that went. >> You ain't never seen a lawnmower spicy. Damn. Who this guy? Let's get into it. Tap in Indianapolis. The Midwest way. What we doing? >> I mean, you can literally see the grass on the lawn mower right where the food is. Like, what is going on here? Some of her examples AR's uploaded recently is a toilet plunger spicy bowl, which is exactly what you think it is. She's also uploaded a mop and bucket spicy bowl, where the spice bowl's like in the bucket and she puts the mop in that's covered in sauce. And then one of the more recent ones Ara's uploaded is a treadmill spicy ball. >> Y'all ain't never seen a treadmill spicy ball. They ain't never seen a treadmill spicy ball before. Let's get into it. Thick grass, big grass. Hold on. Let's see that. >> I mean, you can see they're in a public gym. This is genuinely like disgusting on so many levels. I mean, first of all, how many people have used that treadmill before? Like all sweaty when they're working out. It's disgusting for that reason. But also, how are you going to put your food that's covered in sauce into the cup holder in a public gym? Now, Ari has replied to comments on his video from people who have a problem with this, which is basically like everyone in the comment section. And there's a comment here saying, "I know you'll do this for engagement, but maybe draw the line and mess with things that other people may also want to use." To which Ari says, "Maybe we cleaned it right up, so it doesn't matter." And I think it really does matter to be honest. Now, obviously, it should go without saying pretty much every single comment on these videos are fully against whatever's going on here. Like, for example, a comment here saying, "Bro, that's dirty as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's got 81,000 likes." There's other comments like, "That's disgusting. Those machines are so dirty. This is banan worthy behavior. I would sue y'all and call the cops immediately." And I just really don't understand the thought process. I mean, I guess I do understand the thought process, right? They're obviously uploading these videos because it's so shocking that it will get views. So, I guess that's the reason. But, is it really worth it at this point where you're eating food out of a toilet or like out of a bucket and like with a mop covered in sauce or a toilet plunger or eating it out of a treadmill's cup holder in a public gym? Now, as you can imagine, there's also been a bunch of response videos to Ari's videos. Like, we have one here from user called Big Dogs. And in this video, he's specifically responding to the treadmill video just talking about how disgusting it is. >> A treadmill spicy. Why are you eating that, bro? You know how nasty that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is, bro? You know how nasty a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] could really eat out of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cup from plant business and is in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo on a bro public gym. public gym. You know, I can't do >> There's also videos like this one from a user called Ebony Influences. >> What would possess somebody to take the shoe off of their foot and use it as a container for their garlic parmesan spicy bowl? Like at this point, Ari, the girl behind all these everyone so creative as spicy bowls. Baby, she didn't saw all the chum bucket backlash and she said, "You know what? Go ahead and grab Squidward and a pound of that pickled parmesan Alfredo and throw it in a boot." Since the rotisserie chicken spicy bowl blew up, the spicy bowlers cannot be stopped. Okay. I have seen people put brisketss on top of their spicy bowls, ribs on their spicy bowls. I saw a girl take an entire baby octopus out of her bonnet. >> Yeah. So, what we're hearing here is apparently a video was uploaded by a user called Doll X reviews, which was this rotisserie chicken like spicy bowl, I guess. And that blew up, right? It's got 157,000 likes. So, that's probably why Ari ends up making the video, I assume, like the original video we took a look at. And then since then has decided to take it to a whole new level. But yeah, looking at these response videos, it becomes very clear that people are just incredibly confused. Like another example we have here is a user called Hey Tony TV. Y'all are out here garnishing spicy bowls with whole birds. Y'all are out here eating spicy bowls out of mop buckets off of mops in general. And I seen one with a toilet. And yeah, looking at the comments of this video, it's just filled with people like talking about like the craziest version of this video that they've seen. Like there's a comment here saying, "I saw a spicy ball treadmill." Another comment here saying, "You all see the plunger." Another comment saying, "Someone had it in the cup holder or a treadmill at Planet Fitness." And I mean, the way people are actually commenting this is if it's like multiple people that are doing these. It might be. I haven't seen like many other ones, but all the examples that we've seen in the comment section here are from Ari's page. Yeah, I'm going to go on a limb and say that maybe AR is taking a bit too far with with the spicy balls. I mean, mainly like for health reasons, right? This cannot be good for you. But also, on top of that, it's a huge waste of food, right? Because in some of these, like they have so much food in like the toilet, for example, which I'm assuming they don't eat all of it because that would be crazy. So, there's that element to it as well. Basically, all of this is just very confusing. I I don't even understand what's going on at this point. But Arya is also getting a bunch of views by making these videos. I mean, eight of them from what I can see are on over a million views. There's one that's on over 3 million views. One that's about to hit 3 million views. And then there's a bunch of other ones that approaching a million views. So that's obviously why Arri's making these videos because they are getting views. I'm sure she's getting paid from these videos as well, but at what cost? But either way, I would love to know your thoughts in the comment section down below on this whole situation. And um yeah, if you enjoyed, leave a like, subscribe, all that stuff. And until the next one, I'll see you guys in a bit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KL-JohhnyBoy [1 likes]: So what’s the sense of this video if you’re not showing the ACTUAL content!? 
OMG!! Please do not conform to what viewers like vs what they don’t like!! Give a warning and go on with the video. 
Hell, people can double tap/fast forward the video. 
People are too soft and entitled.
  2. @wendyamsterdam8482: SM would be such a better place if everybody just ignored and block the ragebaiters
  3. @DanceChickaDee: I hope planet fitness bans her
  4. @AP-bi9qu: This is our society.
  5. @mrbennyohio1: Ya know what’s funny - she could have just made these videos in Sora when it was alive 😅 I feel like I’m watching live enactments of Sora creations.
  6. @bree8345: A spicy bowl is supposed to be a lil hood snack. Brisket, rotisserie chicken & whole octopus is crazy as hell.
  7. @milrtp101: This was on BLACK MIRROR
  8. @skye4591: "Everybodys so creative!"
  9. @loladelmar130: There's people with food allergies, they shouldn't have to worry about that at the gym!!!
  10. @ellenritchie8528: I usually like your videos, but I just can't watch this.
  11. @Aujinix: That is planet fitness behavior though
  12. @YurrahAlHadi: Not gunna lie, this is low-key hilarious. The trolling is actually on point, outside of the food waste.
  13. @LayeredVegan: People will do anything for attention.
  14. @KristenLCFL: Humanity is cooked. 🤦‍♀️
  15. @harrisk426: 0:45 THANK YOU
  16. @SmilesAtDolls: It's rage bait. At most she'll eat a bite for the video or not at all.
  17. @VineVitumEt5: The old adage rings true, "Just because you can, doesn't mean you should." 🙄
  18. @LavitatarshaReed-b8f: This gotta be ragebait
  19. @LavitatarshaReed-b8f: That rotisserie one doing too much
  20. @nogootube: Just when I thought influencers and "creators" couldn't get anymore ridiculous and desperate for views 🤦‍♂️

- Melody Vs. Cockroach Janta Party 🪳: Kind: captions Language: en Why is Melody so chocolatey? Eat Melody and know it yourself. Hello and welcome, this is Sarthak. And welcome to Midweek. Like the video and then we will start. After advising us to save petrol and not to go on international tours, Modi ji himself is on an international tour. Eat Melody. These days, the Prime Minister is on a tour of five European countries. Now, what happens is, whenever there is a bilateral meeting between two countries, their heads of state meet, deals are signed between them, so usually both of them together address the media. Similarly, on the 18th, Modi ji had a joint media briefing with the Prime Minister of Norway. Not a conference, but a briefing. Both read their respective speeches, and were just leaving the stage when a journalist from there, Helle Lyng, said, "Prime Minister Modi, why don't you take some questions from the freest press in the world?" Don't bulldozers run there or what? Modi ji did not answer, he walked away. When she followed him, an aunty from behind gave a look like Anupamaa. Now, the interesting point here is that Norway is the highest-ranked country in the World's Press Freedom Index. That ranking where our country stands at around 150th, Norway is at number one. Why? For this very reason. And I think Modi ji should have taken the questions. Who knows, they might have asked whether he likes mangoes peeled or sucked? Hey child, don't you feel tired? As the video went viral, Rahul Gandhi tweeted, When there is nothing to hide, there is nothing to fear. What happens to India's image when the world sees a compromised PM panic and run from a few questions? Now, people said a lot of things here, like, Brother, how could you ask a question? First of all, it was a press briefing, not a conference. So how could you ask such a question? You just wanted to create a scene. But for me, that was not the funny part. When the matter escalated, the Ministry of External Affairs invited that journalist separately to a separate press briefing, and then gave this statement. Why should we trust you? We are a civilizational country of 5,000 years old. India had epics and books. Let me answer the question. Please don't interrupt me. You asked me a question, please. This is my press conference. Calm down, calm down, my child, calm down. Now the point here is not what question this journalist, Helle Lyng, asked there, whether she should have asked it or not. Let's highlight another part of it. Out of the 90 people who are supporting, not even nine people support this. If asking questions was allowed here, no one is asking why there hasn't been a press conference here for 12 years. In fact, in any democratic country, from America to India, press conferences are a normal thing. In fact, today even if Trump does anything on Iran, he has to answer the press. In our country too, the last press conference was held 12 years ago by Manmohan Singh. Narendra Modi hasn't held a single press conference. You are lying. Please do a favour. Your language is not right. And the funny thing is, who is criticizing this? Some journalists from our country. The journalist who talked about the Press Freedom Index, its funding also comes from this NGO of George Soros. Dear Indian journalist, there is a saying in Hindi, Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones at others, and you live in a house of cards. Prepared for Norway, Italy came out of the syllabus. Look at these photos once, man. What is this? Is this a bilateral meeting going on or a pre-wedding photoshoot? 144 comments saying "cute", "soft launch" Modi ji would be like, I told you not to travel abroad, but you can go to your in-laws' house, right? Save the country, brother, otherwise she will sell it. Oh no! You guys stop crying. Don't cry. Crying will come naturally. You increased our petrol price by 3 rupees. I am travelling by auto. You said don't smoke Gold Flake, everyone is smoking Classic, and you are doing a photoshoot there? Huh? You are giving her a Melody. Prime Minister Modi brought us a gift. A very, very good toffee. Melody. We eat raw mango, you eat Melody. Asked to tag my boyfriend to show Modi ji's efforts for Meloni. Whether we get tea or coffee, I like Melody. I am seeing how everyone has forgotten everything. Petrol price hiked, Norway dispute, can't buy gold, things getting expensive. Everyone forgot everything! Hey Modi ji, Modi ji, Melody, in Italy, Melody... As soon as the dispute arose, everyone came to do the third-wheeling. Just think, on one hand, Mahabharat is going on, that there could be an energy crisis in the country, the rupee keeps falling, everything is happening. They are telling people not to buy gold. On one hand, it's a very serious matter. On the other hand, I have brought Melody for you. How are both things coming together, brother? Keep track of the timeline. This, Nitin brother, this, this thing is for biological people like you and me. It doesn't apply to them. He can do whatever, he is the father of India, okay? Think before you speak. Don't you love your account? External Affairs. You guys... petrol should have been increased not by 3 rupees but by 30 rupees, you know? You shouldn't even be able to take an auto, you guys should crawl to your office. You deserve this only. India's man, Norway's controversy, Italy's romance, and Korea's skincare. Recently, Cockroach Janata Party has also been launched, but before telling you about that, let me give you an update on the NEET paper leak case. Maharashtra Police recently arrested two prime suspects, P.V. Kulkarni and Manisha Mandhare, whom the court has sent to 10 days of CBI custody. Both used to work at an associate level with NTA. And they were connected from the setting of the pape to the process of conducting it. And both leaked their respective papers. As expected and as suspected, the rot was within the system. The people of NTA themselves leaked the paper. And these people have the audacity to go and file defamation cases against people when they are questioned. The most useless agency. And make no mistake, it is the result of students' anger and outrage that 10 people have been arrested in this scandal so far. And one of them was Dinesh Baidwal brother, who bought the NEET paper by paying lakhs of rupees. After buying the paper, he gave it to his son, and look at the corrupt father's foolish son. After getting the paper, even with the question-answers right in front of him, he scored 107 marks out of 720. Tell me, will such people become doctors? Instead of tetanus, they will inject HIV. NTA, never trust again. What about the Education Minister? When is he resigning? When he will resign... Actually, the Education Minister has said that he will resign, and he has also given the time for resignation. Mahakal Standard Time. I saw a great reel where a girl says, NTA people, wear this, there won't be paper leaks. For leaks, you are making them wear this Whisper, but considering how much they have messed up, you should also arrange for a Huggies. Just think, the NTA which conducts NEET, its own people are leaking the paper. This is the system, rotting and rotting to become a gutter. And when the system becomes a gutter, why shouldn't the citizen become a cockroach? We are talking about the newly launched Cockroach Janata Party. If you don't know the context, this is our country's CJI, Chief Justice of India, Suryakant. He recently passed a statement that nowadays, those who ask questions are just like cockroaches. What exactly was the statement? They are youngsters like cockroaches. They don't get any employment. They don't have any place in profession. Some of them become media, some of them become social media, some become RTI activists, some become another activist, and they start attacking everything. Some become media, some become social media, some become activists, they are cockroaches. If you are not getting a job, and if you ask why you are not getting a job, you are a cockroach. And this is not the only one, by the way. Our CJI has more such statements. Previously, he has spoken against activists, against environmentalists. If someone speaks for labour laws, he says that these labour unions do not let industrialization happen in our country. So anyone who questions the system, talks about improvement... Cockroach. So people said, okay, if the system is a gutter, then we are cockroaches. And which party do we belong to? We don't belong to any party, we belong to our own party. Here comes the Cockroach Janata Party. I am a member. Actually, I am a minister. Someone created a page for Cockroach Janata Party. Now you might think that someone has done such a big thing in our country No, the founder, Abhijeet, is from Boston University. If he were from Jawaharlal Nehru University, they would have entered the library by now and beaten him with sticks. At this time, Cockroach Janata Party has more than 4 million members on Instagram, and the ministers are Jhaplu, Taplu, Paplu. Well, if you also want to join the Cockroach Janata Party, let me tell you the member requirements and the manifesto. Requirement number one: Unemployment. By force, by choice, or by principle, we don't ask. You must be unemployed. Lazy, but physical only. The brain may continue to spiral. Chronically online. Minimum 11 hours a day, including bathroom breaks. Can rent professionally, as long as the content is sharp, honest, and points at something that actually matters. If Cockroach Janata Party comes to power, what is the manifesto? First: If CJP comes to power, no Chief Justice shall be granted a Rajya Sabha seat as a post-retirement award. This in itself is a huge satire because there was a CJI here who, after giving highly controversial decisions, took a Rajya Sabha seat the very next day of his retirement. I won't name him, Google it. He was a next-level guy. If any legitimate vote is deleted, whether in CJP or opposition-ruled state, the Chief Election Commissioner shall be arrested under UAPA, as taking away voting rights of citizens is no less than terrorism. Oh bro! Women shall receive 50% reservation, not 33%. Without increasing the strength of Parliament, additionally, 50% of all cabinet positions shall be reserved for women. So look, women empowerment is complete. All media houses owned by Ambani and Adani shall have their licenses cancelled to make way for truly independent media. Bank accounts of Godi media anchors shall be investigated. What do you think? Their money is being credited to SBI accounts? I think you need a Prashant Kishor type advisor. An MLA or MP who defects from one party to another shall be barred from contesting elections and from holding any public office for a period of 20 years. So why did you target Raghav Chadha? Let him contest, man. It's not like he is going to win. As long as... votes are not given on Instagram stories. I am a proud cockroach. This time, Cockroach Government! Roach if you can, then roach us! People have made slogans, brother. Look, I also have a small party which I call Sarthak Janata Party. Election symbol is an umbrella, we don't know anything. And today... we officially merge all members of SJP into Cockroach Janata Party. Friends, I would like to include some more demands in the manifesto of Cockroach Janata Party. If we come to power, Hit will be banned, and Oggy and the Cockroaches will be declared the national cartoon of the country. Yes, we need a different cartoon. Enough of Arnab Goswami. I am sorry, babu. I mean, just think what is going on in the country. Opposition people are making memes, and meme-makers are forming the opposition. re you seeing how strong the undercurrent is? Within just two days, more than 40 lakh people joined on one social media platform. And counting. And if so many people are identifying as cockroaches, then CJI sir, someone must have turned the country into a gutter. Recently, a movie came out on Netflix, Kartavya. Saif Ali Khan was the hero in it, and this person was the villain. And usually, people hate a villain for his character. He is the first villain who got abused for his acting. Come, Saurabh Dwivedi ji. Test the country's democracy by criticizing journalists. What is your name? Sir, Ashok... Ashok. Your voice is very weak. Eat ghee, Ashok. In old age, when muscle leaves the bone, then fat comes in handy. Friend, what kind of acting was this? A better acting than this could have been done of being a journalist, friend. Wow, what acting he is doing! Friend, after seeing your acting, Arjun Kapoor is looking like Al Pacino to me. Friend, was this overacting or underacting? After leaving Lallantop, your charm also ran out, friend. Amit bhai says, Tushar Kapoor's mute role was better than Saurabh bhai's role. Sad, happy, angry, roasting, frustrated, horny. He left Lallantop but Lallantop couldn't get out of him. Is he threatening or reading poetry? Very weak acting. Saurabh sir, with due respect, I can watch your 5-hour interview, but I can't watch your 5 minutes of acting. Someone said that in politics, Awadh Ojha, and in acting, Saurabh Dwivedi, should not return. And in next news, we got Supreme Court versus Supreme Court before GTA 6. Why? What happened? The news is regarding UAPA cases. The most famous Umar Khalid case, where bail has been repeatedly denied, latest by the Supreme Court itself. This week, another case was going on in the Supreme Court, in which Syed Iftekhar Andrabi was charged under UAPA. The Supreme Court granted him bail. And itself said, "Bail is a rule, jail is an exception." And while delivering the judgment, the bench also raised questions on the judgment denying bail to Umar Khalid. Umar Khalid, as you know, was charged under UAPA in the 2020 Delhi Riots case and has been in jail for the last 6 years. His trial hasn't even started, and his bail is rejected repeatedly. The court gave reference to the 2021 K.A. Najeeb case, which stated that in UAPA cases, if the trial is heavily delayed, constitutional courts should grant bail because bail is a constitutional principle under Article 21 and 22. Even in UAPA cases, bail is a rule, jail is an exception. And you know what the fun part is? After preaching so much knowledge, Umar Khalid's bail was rejected again. The judgment lasted all night, but didn't give even an ounce of bail. _aura_t_'s comment was very good. "Supreme Court is being like an avoidant, manipulative boyfriend who holds you by his words and abandons you by his actions." Hey, bail should be granted, but it's not being granted, it's getting rejected—is this a joke going on? Yes. I like how quickly realization followed the acquisition. Look, I am a little confused, so law students, please help me out. What kind of thing is this, that the same court keeps giving different judgments? This is the same thing as conducting the exam yourself and then saying, "Hey, rechecking should be done." Well, is Virat Kohli an Indian cricketer? You will ask what kind of question is this, of course he is. Is this the Indian cricket team? You will say what nonsense, of course it's the Indian team, does it look like Zimbabwe's to you? But if it is the Indian cricket team, plays under the Indian flag, the national anthem of India is played before the game, then shouldn't Indian laws apply here? This is the issue going on in courts these days regarding the Indian cricket team and BCCI. BCCI, meaning Board of Control for Cricket in India. The name itself contains "India". And regarding this, in 2017, a woman filed an RTI asking under which authority of India does BCCI come? Is BCCI an independent body, comes under the Sports Ministry, what's the deal? When their matches happen, they are called the Indian cricket team, India's anthem is played, whenever there is any cricket tournament, the government provides security, so can the Indian public call it their cricket team, ask questions to it, does it come under RTI, Right to Information? So the answer comes—no, because BCCI is not a public authority. Meaning, it's not the government's, so it doesn't come under RTI. Being dissatisfied, appellant Geeta Rani appeals to the CIC, Chief Information Commissioner. In which CIC also agrees that yes, it is a public authority, a Public Information Commissioner should be appointed in it. But now the reply comes again that no, this is not a public authority. That's why it won't come under RTI, it's a private body. Now you might think what difference does it make whether it's public or private, why do we need RTI? Because BCCI has a lot of money. Now this matter is important because if you assume that BCCI is government-owned, then the money that BCCI gets becomes government money. So the thousands of crores of rupees earned in IPL would be public money. But it isn't. So then people also ask, then why do you give government land for stadiums? And why doesn't BCCI pay taxes? Right point, if it's not public money, it's private, then why doesn't BCCI pay taxes? It should be called Private Team India. Now here is a great conundrum, that okay, if it is a government body, then the revenue should be theirs, and if it's not a government body, it's private, then they should pay taxes. So they don't give their revenue to the government, but they don't pay taxes to the government either. Because under the 1961 Income Tax Rules, BCCI is registered as a charitable trust. Yes, this industry of lakhs of rupees per ball, this IPL of thousands of crores, is running in the name of a charitable trust. Rest, if any stadium of BCCI is to be built, land will be available at cheap rates, if any match is to happen, security will be provided, custom rebates will be available. When a match happens, it will be called Team India, but it's not India's team. It's not private either, otherwise they would have to pay taxes. This is a charitable trust. Okay, the next update is related to education. If you study in school, are a CBSE student, study in class 9th, then listen carefully. Recently, issuing a circular, CBSE has said that in government and private affiliated schools, a third language will now be included for children of class 9th and 10th. Right now, there is your main language, a secondary language, and now there will be a third language as well. It has been divided into three categories: R1, R2, and R3. R1, R2... are you teaching languages or a gaming console? Out of these three languages, at least two must be native Indian languages. Look, I am all for third languages, but first teach two languages properly, because even today, English-speakers can't write Hindi, and Hindi-speakers are confused between English's "there" and "their". "So because... because..." Do you know what an apostrophe is? English's half-moon. R1 and R2, which will be your main and secondary language, will have a board exam, and the marks for R3 will be sent internally by the school. Internally, meaning 95, 96 out of 100, and if you laughed at the teacher's joke, then 99. And if you join their tuition, then 100. Why not teach them about taxes instead? Uneducated leaders making decisions about education is peak-level irony. I agree, taxes, personal finance should also be taught. But this is not KBC going on, that if A is correct, then B will be wrong. Learning a new language is also very important. Just Hindi-English, or Tamil-English, or Marathi-English, this limits a lot. I say, as many languages as can be taught in school should be taught. Because a new language is not just a language. It also introduces children to new literature and new cultures. All that helps in personality development. Not everything is seen from the criteria of exams and jobs. But that's my personal opinion, the third language can also be Sanskrit, so that people can also say "Angena Gātram. Laveṇena bhojanam." Okay, the next update—the US and Iran haven't been able to resolve their issue, and because of that, my breakfast has been ruined. First, milk prices, and now Modern Bread has increased its price by 5 rupees on its packets. In the reign of the tea-seller, I can't even eat tea and biscuits. And the entire world economy is stressed. The matter is not just about oil, tea, or biscuits. If a situation like this continues, then this week the International Labour Organization has stated that in the coming time, within two years, 3 crore 80 lakh jobs might be lost. 3 crore 80 lakh. That's 38 million jobs. And these jobs will mostly be skilled, semi-skilled, part-time, contractual jobs. The maximum impact will be on those Indians who work in Gulf countries. if this crisis drags on further, then brother, a situation like COVID can also happen in terms of finances. If anything is missed, do comment. Before that, don't forget to like. If you didn't like it, you know you can dislike. With more news, I'll see you on the Sunday show. Till then, tata, bye-bye, take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Katha-k7u5b [2 likes]: Sbb bhaad me jaaye COCKROACH JANTA PARTY PE FOCUS RKHO pehle bhi Ashish chanchlani ne Elvish ne rashmika or vijay devrkonda ne bhi Kiya h toh don't give a hype to those memes of Modi
  2. @Cockroachjantaparty-d9d [2 likes]: Vote for cockroach janta party 🪳
  3. @dj_smile644 [1 likes]: 2:17 😂Chatur from 3 idiots Movie 🎥🪳🇮🇳✊🏻
  4. @rajatdhangar6662 [1 likes]: biased youtuber nikla tu bhi 🤡
  5. @happyteabag_05 [1 likes]: 2026 so far:

Iran–America war 

LPG crisis 

Bengal Election 📺

Modi eats jhalmuri 🌶️

Manipur burning 

Gen-Z PM hype in Nepal 

Romanticizing Rahul Gandhi 🎬

Raghav Chadha joined BJP 

Bengal Election result day 📊

“Stop buying gold, do WFH, no foreign trips” economy arc 💸

NEET paper leak 

Cockroach Janta Party 🪳

Norway reporter questioning Modi 🎤

Melody chocolates diplomacy
 
Sad Salman captions
  6. @target.samajwadi.sarkar.2027: देश के युवाओं की आवाज़ दबेगी नहीं — यही सोच लेकर Cockroach Janata Party आगे बढ़ रही है। ❤”
  7. @ሆልይትርንትይ: Who won a Knoball Prize and a chocolate..
  8. @FarhanMondal74: Bbbb
  9. @foodie0080: Bhai ai voice kyu
  10. @target.apnisamajwadisarkar2027: CJP ने महज 5 दिनों में इंस्टाग्राम पर 20 मिलियन फॉलोअर्स का आंकड़ा पार कर लिया है, यहां तक ​​कि BJP के फॉलोअर्स की संख्या को भी पीछे छोड़ दिया है।🔥
  11. @Dr.Historyakram: Pookie primeminister😅
  12. @09asmitpatel45: Educated People Who Make System are Termites and are eating whole system and people say education is important. Same Education which they used to clear exams and talked about ethics and honesty before getting into the system.
Then Poor Suffers and guess what when those poor join the system they do the same Offcourse there are exception but only few . We as a society are failing not the government , not the system.
  13. @noob_cabbageleaf9204: Honestly respect karo —
poora budget, poora protocol,
SPG security, Air India One —
aur gift mein diya ₹2 ki Melody.
Bhai ye frugal romance ka peak hai.
Shah Rukh bhi aise nahi socha hota. 💀🙏
  14. @09asmitpatel45: Yes, Press Conferences should happen .
We will get to see opposition get naked like they did in AI summit.🤣🤣
We will get more modi ji meme material 🤣🤣
And Yess We will talk about press freedom index report in which Pakistan ranks above India and same Pakistan Press Claimed victory and other total baseless claims.
  15. @HolyMoleGuacamole: “Media is the 4th pillar of democracy” said a mediaperson??  Free me air travel karne ka mauka milta tha free ka hotel free ka khana, ab nahi milta to media wale royenge hi. And even Sarthak is living in an Utopian world. Press ko freedom nahi hai? Do you ask questions to the right people? If your street light is not working you’d blame PM but have you ever tried asking your corporator for that? Nahi kyuki PM ko gaali do to maza ata hai, CM ko do to khatra aur corporator ko de do to pitai ho jati hai
  16. @IITJee-x3o6z: 18:28  i disagree with you. The school is already a burden to the students. Pahane se jyada hw he dete hai. Bache padhne se jyada ratta marta hai
  17. @tssahilthakur4593: What about the twisha muder case news??
  18. @Katha-k7u5b: Desh ki lgbhag population ipl ke piche career ko side rkh deti h or unko jo bcci or sarkar ne side me rkh rkha h vo nhi dikh rha
  19. @AnuvabShaw-l8u: Sarthak even you know how foolish cjp's manifesto is but your biasness is at different level
  20. @AnkushRaj-mq1mg: Right 😢

- Brut speaks to the founder of the Cockroach Janta Party: Kind: captions Language: en You can be a part of this political party only if you're lazy, unemployed, and able to rank professionally. These are the actual requirements to join the cockroach jantaa party. This guy single-handedly launched a viral political movement in India. But what did it take for him to gain the support of thousands of youth, millions in funding, decades of groundwork? No, just a single satirical tweet backed by a massive wave of collective youth frustration. >> We are getting closer to one lakh members. The followers are rising like at a very insane rate. So we have 184k followers on Instagram. It was just about 25k yesterday. >> The cockroach jantaa party as bizarre as it sounds actually got its name from a striking remark made by chief justice of India Surant. During a court hearing the CGI observed there are youngsters like cockroaches. They don't get any employment. They don't have any place in the profession. Some of them join the media. Some do social media. Some become RTI activists and they start attacking everyone >> who are lazy. As the CG I said this is a these people are lazy, unemployed, they don't have anything good to do. I just put those criteria. How about like just putting those criterias to be eligible to be a member of the Cockroenta party? It would be a very funny thing. That was my first instinct and I just did that. A day later, the CGI clarified the context of his comments, saying he had specifically criticized those who have entered professions like the bar with the help of fake and bogus degrees. The digital launch of the cockroach party sounded like just another internet joke. But in just over 60 hours, it exploded from a simple web page into tens of thousands of official signups. >> The kind of messages I'm getting, like I'm getting 50 to 100 messages every 5 minutes, and I'm trying to read them as much as possible. But there is one common thing all of the people are saying that we had lost all hope and this is a very dangerous sign for a democracy when the youth starts to lose hope and it stops to have faith in the political system. The man behind the launch of this party Abijit Dipk a former political communication strategist currently living in the US and the eligibility criteria he said to join the party is definitely not what you would expect. You must be unemployed. You must be lazy. And you must be able to rank professionally. The way this movement blew up across social media is a textbook example of a harsh reality. For a massive chunk of Indian youth facing unemployment, meification has become the only coping mechanism left. >> They shouldn't take the youth for granted. This youth is completely fed up of you. You need to cater to them. You need to be accountable to them. And I think cockroach jandha party could be that m uh movement where it makes the political system the establishment accountable towards the youth and to the people of India. >> But if we look beyond the surface you will find a very pointed very serious critique of systemic failure. >> So it's a people's movement now it's up to them now and whatever they decide I am ready to do that. Behind the satire lies deep-seated anger over issues the establishment seems to ignore. Like the devastating reality of the recent need student suicides, >> the opposition is also responsible for it. Because if 17 students are committing suicide and not even single opposition leader gets on the streets, you're letting the children of this country down. So you are helping the government to normalize insensitivity. So stop normalizing it. >> The cockroach party has also put forward a hard-hitting manifesto. First, absolute independence for the judiciary. No postretirement rewards or Raja Sabha seats for chief justices. Second, accountability for voter deion. Third, 50% reservation for women in parliament and cabinet without waiting for seat counts to increase. And fourth, a strict anti-defectionection rule against MLAs or MPs who switch sides. >> This movement, whatever form it could take, it will always be under the democratic rights. And according to the constitution of India, we will never ever do anything that goes against the constitution of India. >> So where is the cockroach party actually headed? Is it just another internet trend, a one-hit wonder destined to fade by next week? Or are we looking at the blueprint for a brand new kind of youthled democratic platform? When Brute questioned the founder about what comes next, this is what he had to say. >> We want it to be specifically a youth movement that will in future change the political discourse of the country. Uh I just want to tell the youth that yes I get it that you are frustrated. I am frustrated too and I have been frustrated for a very long period of time and just like you I have found a medium through the cockroa party to raise our voices and to change the political discourse of this country. We need to make the people in power accountable. They have taken you for granted. I want you to realize your power and if you decide we can change things and we have seen how when people come together and start a movement changes do happen and we will do this through a very peaceful democratic way.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrVSMohan [1 likes]: Ready to join   Anytime in any capacity
  2. @എറ്റേണൽബ്ലൂ [1 likes]: Their funding should be investigated, 💯 sure its from islamic nations, cartels,and the left wing west
. Downfall of america started like this.
  3. @Tanmay.G.018 [1 likes]: Don't worry We Have Redhit for Cockroaches (Anti Nationals)....... Jai Shree Ram 
And I'm a Proud Genz ❤
  4. @tomerps15: Abhijeet Dipke is not some random guy haan. From 2020 to 2022 he was working in #AAP 's social media team under Ankit Lal (their IT head). He was the one making all those memes and videos showing #Kejriwal as "apna banda" and trolling BJP and Congress non stop.
And now suddenly look who all are supporting his Cockroach Janta Party - Mahua Moitra from TMC, Akhilesh Yadav from SP, Kirti Azad, Prashant Bhushan.. same opposition gang only 🙄
After this election Kejriwal has realised his political career is basically over. So now he is trying to copy what happened in #Bangladesh and #Nepal - using youth and social media to create unrest. Same playbook yaar, just different packaging.
  5. @msqaera8815: Somebody needs protect this guy
  6. @jayadityakavuri: Let me be honest, 
The Hon'ble CJI was not at all *Wrong*. 


Look at 45+ years ph.d students in central universities showing mediocre research by engulfing central funds.

Look at college going or university going students who took grants from central or state government as scholarship and enjoying beers and booze with it, and doesn't even have 60% college attendance.



If you want a job go work hard, get a skill for the required job use swayam and NPTEL to get knowledge.

It is so stupid and CJI is right India has indeed cockroaches due to its democratical rights.




Many people cry at china but china doesn't have cockroaches. China has brilliant workforce this making them 17 trillion dollar economy.



Hope you genz ass idiots understand what I'm talking.
  7. @orange7514: We said genZ would bring a change! This is not i was expecting
  8. @Unova004: Cjp demography is concerning
  9. @himanshh08: 19million 🎉
  10. @HaardikPatel24: If is living outside India. Why the shot he is talking about this!!!!

Bullshit this founder!!!! 

Apna kaam kar bahar that the only think
  11. @natarhajanjawahar7318: I love this party ❤️
  12. @Meow01-q8t: Cbse 12th
  13. @ShamsunderKonda: What did the economy do to us in reletive terms? 

Between 2004-14
Avg Inflation 8.2% (FD rate 10.0%).Dollar moved from Rs. 45 to Rs. 61. Avg GDP growth rate 7.7%.

Between 2014 -26
Avg Inflation 4.8% (FD rate 6.6%).Dollar moved from Rs. 61 to Rs. 95. Avg GDP growth rate 6.7%.

If we have invested Rs.100 (=$2.22) in FD @ 10% in 2004, it would be Rs. 259 (=$4.25) in 2014. In dollar terms, the growth is 6.8% per annum, over ten years. 

Similarly, If we have invested Rs.100 (=$1.64) in FD @ 6.6% in 2014, it would be Rs. 215 (=$2.26) in 2026. In dollar terms, the growth is 2.7% per annum, over twelve years. 

Conclusion: Our house hold savings have grown by 2.7% per annum in the last twelve years of Modiraj, against 6.8% perann in the previous in the previous ten years of Manmohan raj. Which means, common man has become poorer in Modiraj, unlike the rich and ultra-rich. For example, Adani's wealth has gone up by 30 times (from $4 to 120B), while the country's GDP has just doubled (from $2 to 4T). Can anyone dispute with these calculations. 

For information
  14. @ilovethiruvalla4816: We want educated politicians, more importance to agriculture, food safety, health sector
  15. @Ayapanag: HIT Cockroach Party!! Now looking to form one ASAP 😅
  16. @sayantanamohanty8229: We need a CJP youtube channel asap
  17. @CharlesKumar-r6w: well/well cockroaches may crawl into PM,s under ware??
  18. @brdJr1: If Congress is a liberal party, CJP sounds like Liberal Pro Max party!
Read their nonsense of a manifesto!
  19. @invisible-r2x6l: Govt will pay for CJI stupidity
  20. @tonygoswami5318: Hello buddy I just want to say you all until n unless u work hard  , u can't achieve anything easily , i am 27  so I think u all can understand , develop ur skills n u utilise at the moment.. stop wasting time in all these .😂

- Contagious: Why Do Things Go Viral? - Jonah Berger - Animated Book Review: Kind: captions Language: en now tomorrow is Mother's day and yesterday I gave my mom a big old flower arrangement she posted pictures of the flowers on Facebook just like any mother would and she ended up getting over 70 likes now this may not seem strange to you but her other post hardly get even 20 likes so why did this post go viral in contagious why things catch on Jonah Burger tries to explain why things go viral the first concept he talks about is social currency how does talking about something make you look are you going to be talking about a venture capitalist who spent a million dollars on a building are you going to be talking about your brother who has a Mohawk or are you going to be talking about some fact that you saw about Donald Trump there's a psychological Effect called the halo effect which means things that you talk about people will associate with you what you talk about most changes how people see you he says that there is this hot dog restaurant but secretly inside the hot dog restaurant there is a bar and to get into the bar you have to go through this secret telephone booth now the bar spends absolutely no money on Advertising it is only spread through word of mouth and this is because people that get into the bar feel special and this is social currency just like my mom looked at the flowers and felt really loved and special and people that shared her post might encourage their sons to do the same now the second thing Jonah found was triggers and triggers are like habits what provokes you to think about a product Kit Kat took this to use and started marketing their Kit Kat product with coffee and all their video advertisements and billboards they started showing the Kit Kat product with coffee and because of this their sales increased by 33% this is because when people saw coffee they Associated it with a Kit Kat so they went and bought a Kit Kat the trigger for my mom's post was that tomorrow's Mother's Day the third is emotion now there are positive and negative emotions and what Jonah found was that there are special emotions that are positive and negative a post that showed awe excitement or humor in it is more likely to be shared a post with anger or anxiety is also more likely to be shared but something that showed sadness or contentment did not get shared near as often this is why videos of cute puppies often get shared and why the famous Susan Bole has almost 200 million views on YouTube because she's shocked and a her audience number four is the public idea what is everyone else doing this is why the Liv strong bracelets those yellow wristbands that everyone wore got so popular because everyone started using them it only sprung the growth even further Apple was facing a predicament did they want their apple logo on the laptop to face towards the customer or did they want it to face outwards so that other people could realize hey they're using an Apple product well they went with putting their Apple logo on the outside so that people could see it they can see someone using the product if you saw 300 people using a product in your town it must be a pretty good product so you're going to try it out yourself the fifth is practical value and this is huge to my channel just like my videos sleep smarter of course people are going to share a video that helps them sleep better or like growth hacker marketing a friend of a family member may know someone who is starting a startup and needs some help that video can help them so they'll share it if someone shares a post it'll make them seem helpful and everyone wants to be seen helpful and that is why this contributes to the viral factor and the last is stories if I gave you all these steps in order and didn't tell you any stories with them there would be lower viewer retention not near as many likes and hardly any comments Jonah says an idle chatter is when information is found just like the famous blender company Blend Tech they created will it blend it's easier to talk about someone blending up a iPhone than it is to talk about some amazing blender with high-tech revolutionary blades and such the same with the secret bar it's easier to tell a story than it is to go through traditional advertising and if you take these six steps as Jonah calls them you are on your path to creating viral content create something that your customers will want to tell their friends about by making it a story that they can talk about when they're sitting in the doctor's office and remind them of it by associating it with a trigger such as the day of a week like like Rebecca Black's famous Friday song if you want more videos like this subscribe click the like button below if you really enjoyed this video review and also go check out my social media channels thanks for watching [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SilentAce901 [6 likes]: love the videos! Keep up the great work.
  2. @MrGalleta0000 [4 likes]: Ha no wonder my selfies get no likes.
  3. @warhill30 [3 likes]: You have half a million subscribers and this video has only 3500 views.
  4. @abdallaelhagef1090 [2 likes]: good video thanks
  5. @leknin2021 [1 likes]: Liked, commented and shared 😋
  6. @cyberhero10 [1 likes]: it kinda freaks me out how much thought people put into making me think about certain things
  7. @roelandbeekberg5145 [1 likes]: Keep it up! Your videos are 10/10.
  8. @abdallaelhagef1090 [1 likes]: I'd like to make eposide on how we can made the money capital's for our small project  I read before a part of Carl marks  the capital  but it very difficult book to understand
  9. @srinjoymridha2876: Dude your voice is like Justin bieber 🙂❤️
  10. @MichaelWilliams-lo3ix: Awesome
  11. @agnieszkakaluzna8067: Fantastic video! May I ask which software you used to create it? Thank you!
  12. @equilibreaudiovisual2927: thanks
  13. @KevinWhitsitt: If you want a video to go viral on Facebook it is better to upload it directly to Facebook. If you just put a YouTube Link that shit will die and nobody will see it because Facebook Hates YouTube. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wS2lyG7q2UY
  14. @tablomatic: hey.you wana feedback?pleaaaaaaaase talk slower.you re so fast.i miss your words
  15. @mubasheeramg6870: Thank you for sharing information

- HONEST Review of "Viral VFX" by Tyler Tometich: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, my name is Rachel and today I'm going to be giving you an honest review of a program called Viral VFX by Tyler Tomich and more importantly, whether it's actually worth your money or if there's a better way to make money online right now. So, I've taken a lot of courses over the years trying to figure out how to make money online. Some were helpful and some were honestly just a waste of my money and time. So, my goal with these videos is simple. Break it down for you so that you don't have to learn the hard way. So, what is Viral VFX? It's a program that teaches you how to create viral style content using visual effects and then turn that into a business. The idea is that you learn how to make high-performing, attention-grabbing videos, the kind you see all over social media, and then either grow your own pages or often offer content creation services to brands and creators. So, essentially, it's a content-based business model focused on editing, creativity, and virality. Inside the program, from what I can see, you're getting tutorials on how to create VFX style videos, breakdowns of viral content strategies, and guidance on growing your social media pages. And the ways that you monetize through clients or brand deals, like let's just be fair. This is a skill-based program learning how to create engaging content and it's extremely valuable right now. So, let's talk about the pros. Number one is you're learning a high-value skill. Content creation is in demand and brands are always looking for people who can help them grow. Number two is there's a real income potential here. If you get good at this, you can land clients or build your own audience. And then number three is it's creative. So, if you enjoy editing, storytelling, and making videos, this can actually be really fun. But, here's where I think you really need to think about it. First, it's a very skill-heavy thing. This isn't something where you just watch a few videos and start making money immediately. You have to spend a lot of time learning, practicing, and getting good before you see any results. Secondly, income can be inconsistent. If you're relying on clients or social media growth, your income can fluctuate a lot, especially in the beginning. And then third, you're still trading time for money. Even if you get clients, you're creating content for them, which means you're tied to delivering work consistently. And this is the biggest thing for me personally. You're building a skill, which is great, but you're not necessarily building something that pays you over and over again without more effort that goes into it. So, if you're someone who's wanting to make money online, but you don't want to constantly rely on clients or views, there's actually a model that I think makes a lot more sense right now. And that's building and renting out AI systems to business models. So, instead of creating content for people, you're building things like AI chat systems that respond to leads instantly, automated follow-ups, booking systems, or simple AI employees that help businesses run more efficiently. And the difference is huge because instead of getting paid once, businesses pay you every single month to use it. So, now you have recurring income, less dependence on algorithms, and you're solving a real business problem. And the biggest thing, you actually own what you're building. So, if you're looking for something like Viral VFX, I'm not saying it doesn't work, it absolutely can, but I do think there are more scalable opportunities right now, especially with AI. If you want to learn more about both of these business models and decide which one is the best fit for you, I put a link in the description that breaks everything down for you so you can make the best decision based on your goal. Go check that out, and I'll see you guys in the next video.

- How TikTok Food Critic Keith Lee Resuscitated a Struggling Restaurant: Kind: captions Language: en this is one of the best wings I've ever had the 10. Keith Lee a Las Vegas food critic proved just how powerful his influence was when his review dramatically turned things around for a struggling family-owned restaurant I got an email from an employee of a family-owned restaurant here in Vegas I got it let's try it I called my order Frank was the owner and he was so nice on the phone like he was so patient he was kind uh I was ordering and he literally take your time I was looking at the menu the whole time I was ordering he was like just take your time like relax you okay and I personally love customer service I've worked in customer service for like my most of my adult life so I really value customer service and I went and I picked up my food and he had no idea who I was he posted a rave review on Tick Tock them some huge pepperonis boy I swear this is why I started making videos like this because places like this that don't nobody know of this a 9.8 out of 10. Frank from me to you this is my opinion there is no way you should be behind a ring or struggling to pay rent it is marketing that's 100 what I feel like that food is delicious the service is amazing that video changed everything in just 24 hours yeah yesterday I did a review today chaos for starters when I discovered they ticked out it was at 2 000 followers now seventy thousand in less than 24 hours 10 a.m to 5 p.m lying out the door obviously I knew he was gonna have some business but I never thought it was going to be to that magnitude it got like 10 million views in the first like three hours four hours uh it it blew up like crazy I tried to call the same day to like just say thank you because the food was that good and I couldn't get it I couldn't get in touch with him because the phones were off the hook um I went the next day and it was insane I went the next day and it was out the door he literally went from he was telling me he went from making like four orders a day to make it 400 in less than 12 hours he was a static he was hugging me he was jumping up and down since then the restaurant has been slammed the attention has been overwhelming for both Frank and King it was cooking from 9am to 5 p.m no lunch breaks no breaks at all no stopping Frank was like I gotta shut down for a second we need to breathe and eat what did you do and I was at like 30 million views and uh the news reached out the news did a piece and he was on the news he was extremely emotional he was extremely grateful my mom came and woke me up like the morning that it was on the news she was screaming at the edge of my bed my wife was screaming at the edge of my bed my dad was there and uh they were like you on the news you want to lose you on the news our phone never stopped ringing I sold more lemon pepper wings in the last two days that I have in the last four months it's just been overwhelming it's been a blessing this restaurant has been a dream of mine for 30 years for 30 years it sounds like they're working 16 hour shifts they haven't been able to stop uh they haven't been able to relax even two seconds I've helped restaurants in Vegas before but I feel like this one was was probably like the craziest part as far as like the response somebody saw this man on tick tock Keith's been a food reviewer for years and he hopes to make this into a full-time career a career out of being me and literally just doing that just being myself is definitely something that I want to do for the rest of my life and be able to get paid from it and be able to take care of my kids and their kids kids um yeah I'm gonna just keep working hard on being authentic I appreciate y'all God bless you guys y'all are amazing we doing it Mama we made it we're inside edition digital I'm Andrea Swindoll [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @NomadicCrierhttps [1 likes]: THIS is what America is all about!!  Praise Yeshua!!
  2. @absentstars474 [1 likes]: Closed in 2024. Rip.
  3. @charlita25: So nice 👍🏾
  4. @KeithHartman-qq7rq: WOW!!
  5. @onlyhispresenceohp2607: Kudos for Frank!
  6. @danielamercol9884: I want to hug Frank
  7. @maryoguns6612: I’m glad!! God used you to elevate human being like you, you will be great in life and more blessings 💪🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️😇
  8. @debbierichardson9575: Gotta be a downer  here. I wish they hadn't shown Frank working without gloves on AND a sore on his finger. That scab can come off in the dough.....
  9. @CathermalCorvus: LOVE THIS!!!!
  10. @lungiledlamini4447: Wow. That line outside is CRAZY 😂😂😂
  11. @priscilladawson5313: I love this for everyone involved! This is what America really represents❤❤❤
  12. @bradleybunt6556: That young man and his video forever changed the lives of that man, his family, his employees, and the community!  Young men like that dude who did the review did more with one single video than our entire Congress will do in an entire year.  That is incredibly powerful beyond measure from that young man and it is beyond pathetic for every last member of Congress.  World needs more good men like Keith Lee.
  13. @jonjonsarms: The law slumbers but never die. You deserved your success, sir.
  14. @Taurus_Moon_Rising: I wonder who the employee was
  15. @GlovesOff3456: I followed Keith just because of his positive impact.  This is what the world needs right now.
  16. @ricardoespinoza3132: What a great story. It's awesome that you helped a small business. Awesome!
  17. @g.m.prince7052: AWESOME
  18. @BrandonReyes-qh8st: 4 to 400 😂 ❤
  19. @MFobe: Yess frank 🍕 🍔 🐔 x & thank you kieith. 

From 🇬🇧 😎
  20. @CJ-iz4rz: HELLZ YEAH 👍💯❤❤❤❤

- Science of WHY Content Goes Viral - Contagious Book Review + Summary: Kind: captions Language: en-US Do you want to know the science behind why something goes viral? Yes, there is. In fact, scientific studies that have demonstrated how certain ideas are So spreadable that they become viral. So if that sounds interesting to you, then let's go ahead and get into things. Hello. My name is Emma Schirmer Tamir. I am the CEO and co founder of Marketing by Emma, and I am a total geek for the reasons behind why we make the choices that we do. And I just finished a really interesting book that dives deep into the science behind. What Makes Something Go Viral, and that book is Contagious by Jonah Berger and overall, it is fascinating and it actually lays out a formula for the different elements that most, if not all, viral things have to some degree or another. And this in turn helps explain not only why some ideas catch on and others don't, but then becomes a framework that we can all use to kind of crack the code on how to create virality, whether we're looking to do that in our businesses or who knows, maybe you just feel like being the next TikTok sensation. So according to Jonah, there are six pieces. that go into determining whether an idea is going to have viral ability or not. Now, one thing to keep in mind is that you don't actually need all six elements in order to have a viral idea, but most viral ideas will have at least a few of those. But before we dive into the six steps, if this content is interesting to you, then what are you doing? Subscribe! And you know, like comment, let me know, have you read this book? If so, what did you think of it? And if you'd like to see more videos like this, what book do you think I should review next? And now. Into the steps of virality. And so the six sort of buckets are social currency, triggers, emotion, practical value, public, and stories. So what do each of those mean? For social currency, that's really about how it makes the person sharing the idea Look to others. So, for example, if I see a funny video or an interesting hack, it's going to make me feel good to share that with somebody else. So it's going to reflect positively on me. So that that means that there needs to be something that in a way incentivizes the person who is consuming that idea to want to share it with somebody else. The next is triggers. So in other words, are there different things that are going to make me, or whoever, really think about this idea on a daily, hourly, minute by minute basis? So the more that we kind of have exposure to something that would make us think of this other idea, the more viral potential it has. So if it's something really unusual and, and rare, it's not going to have a reminder to the different people that already have this idea to want to share it. So how can, how can you sort of figure out a way that you want to make people or encourage people to be thinking about this regularly? Emotion. Now, not all emotions are treated equally when it comes to creating a viral idea. And the most important emotions for encouraging virality are those high arousal emotions. And they don't even have to be positive. So it can be on the positive side, it can be awe, it can be excitement, it can even be humor. But on the negative side, it can be anger or anxiety. And we see that both of those These separate sides of the same high arousal coin are the frequent emotions that are evoked by viral content. Public. So, if we have something that is done in private, it's not that it can't go viral. It's just that we have to think of ways that we can bring that more into the public dialogue. So, you know, think pajamas, brushing your teeth, anything that you're doing in the privacy of your own home or when you're by yourself. Is not going to naturally have as many, uh, opportunities to be exposed or talked about with other people. Now, I think that this is the one idea in particular that has changed the most with how social media has evolved since the publishing of this book, which I didn't look, but let's see. The book was published in 2009, so it was published almost 15 years ago, and I would say that this one in particular, there isn't as much that happens totally in private with the way that we engage with our social media, like, stuff. Stories across whatever platform you're using and vlogging and tick tock and all of those things. It's much more common for people to kind of go behind the scenes with their social media. And so I would say that that is not as much of a concern as it maybe was in the past. And you see that there are lots of Brands that have been really successful at taking things that maybe nobody really talked about and making them something that people are much more comfortable discussing. Like some things that immediately come to mind would be period underwear or the squatty potty. So obviously both of these things are, are not happening in the public arena, but there are brands that have been really successful at sort of bringing those. to the forefront, Squatty Potty in particular. I can still remember that video from whenever it came out with the unicorns and it was hilarious. So it triggered that emotion there. There was some practical, uh, value, which we're going to get into next. So practical value, what does that actually mean? That means there is something helpful or useful embedded within the content. So some sort of way that by watching or consuming that piece of information that. that people are going to benefit from it. So in the case of the Squatty Patty, this is helping us to learn that the ergonomics of how somebody sits on a toilet is not necessarily that healthy for you. And so it was educational alongside being entertaining and humorous. And so you want to be thinking about, is there a way that I can either share a helpful tip or a useful piece of information or something that is going to positively impact the person that I'm going to be sharing this with and that other people will be sharing this with. And then the last piece, and this I would argue is one of the most important pieces of all of this, which is stories. So stories are the way that we as humans have really evolved to be able to pass along knowledge and information with each other. So it's how we can remember things more clearly, and within a story, we embed all sorts of really important and helpful insights that we pass on to the people that we're sharing the story to. And so if you want to use stories effectively when you are trying to create virality, especially for a brand, it's really important to figure out a way that whatever your message is, whatever your brand is, whatever that product is, has an integral part to the telling of the story. And so an example of something very recent was there was a woman whose car caught on fire, and when she went to the wreckage, she discovered that her Stanley mug was not only still intact, but still had ice water inside of it, which is truly mind blowing. And Stanley was really smart with how they responded to this. The CEO, uh, actually made a short video response saying that they were going to buy her a new car. And so this is great storytelling from all sides where, you know, the, it's not only about the good that Stanley is doing by buying this woman, woman, a new car. But all of this content, all of this free publicity that they got for developing a fantastic product is really just showing off what an indestructible, insulated vessel for beverages that Stanley creates. So that is. Obviously, you need to have a high quality product in order to be able to have any of that work for you. And that was not also something that they made viral. That was something that somebody else made viral. But what they've done is they've also made sure to prime the pump in all of these different ways in order to be able to. Capture then this moment and, and really take full advantage of it. So just to review, there's six elements, public, practical value, and stories. So what I think would have made this book even better is, and what I found very lacking, aside from the out of date examples, which might not resonate with people that uh, weren't on the internet very much in 2009 and in the years surrounding that would be to have some clearer steps and questions and practical tools that people reading this book can review and use in order to be really brainstorming and thinking about how to apply these concepts. There are tons of great examples. There's a lot of clear explanation, but there's still a gap that's left between How to be thinking about these concepts and how to apply these concepts, but overall, I would say one of the most important things that you can do if you are actually wanting to create viral content of your own is to really study each of these steps and then study content that has gone viral and start to identify what are the different things that they're tapping into. How are they utilizing story? How are they triggering emotion? And then how can you adapt all of these different ideas? to whatever concept, idea, product, brand, service that you are trying to hitch on the virality bandwagon. So this is sort of a different concept of video for me. I love reading. I'm constantly reading about all kinds of things. If you found this interesting, I'd love to maybe start a section of a book review book club type of thing, uh, so Contagious was the first one, but it definitely doesn't have to be the last. If you like this, give it a like. Uh, if you'd like to have ideas about the next book for me to review or sort of break down, drop those in the comments. below and please subscribe. It helps me continue to create this content. And until next time, see you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikejackness [5 likes]: Well, I guess I know what I'm reading on vacation in a couple of weeks...  Is it still vacation if I'm reading a book for business?   I'm not brinigng my laptop, so I think it's fair.
  2. @Judy_Sch [5 likes]: Another great information-packed, actionable video from you!  Love how you also make your videos fun and entertaining by using examples like Squatty Potty.  Thank you so much!
  3. @Anak_hadyo [5 likes]: Thanks for this viral video 🙏
  4. @תאוסופיהיוטיוב100 [5 likes]: Very insightful, I appreciate how clear you are presenting any information
  5. @legitworkout1001 [4 likes]: In your experience, is it better to invoke positive emotions or negative ones in order to get more attention?
  6. @Redbonejerry [4 likes]: I really enjoyed the way you broke it down and simplified some important concepts!  Virality is a great word
  7. @nirlevi2763 [4 likes]: Vielen Dank für die wunderbare Zusammenfassung der Dinge
  8. @drewperd [4 likes]: Emma! Great content! Love the insights :)
  9. @shanishahamiron.emotions [4 likes]: Great content!!
  10. @jmp2m9 [4 likes]: This is really helpful!
  11. @FahadAli-w5z2w [4 likes]: Very insightful
  12. @Sumit-Singh1981 [3 likes]: Another great way of going viral is to mimic or repackage someone else's content that is already viral 😜
  13. @chrisK1987 [3 likes]: Just ordered the book 👍
  14. @Bpstv51 [3 likes]: 👍 great information
  15. @omriynwa [3 likes]: Great content as always!
  16. @Amazon-Seller-USA [3 likes]: Very interesting, thank you for sharing!
  17. @TheBusinessHandyMan [2 likes]: Please keep on doing more vidoes like these; definetly love them
  18. @TodaysFansLife [2 likes]: Great video, thanks!
  19. @JoysBeautyJawns [2 likes]: Such a great, educational video! Thank you so much, queen!! 💜

- 5 Ways to Get Viral Video Ideas (Every YouTuber Should Know): Kind: captions Language: en I use five main strategies to come up with viral video ideas that get views like this for myself and also my clients and in this video I'm going to share all five of them with you so that you'll never run out of Banger video ideas ever again so let's start with strategy number one the absurdity formula the absurdity formula relies on creating content that is within the realm of possibility but is so absurd that it seems almost impossible and I'm going to show you how to use it for yourself in the early days of YouTube it wasn't that hard to get a ton of views if you knew what you were doing because the standards for Content were so much lower than what they are now for example 6 years ago Mr Beast published this video where he gave away $10,000 which was absolutely crazy for the time it ended up getting 10 million views whereas this video on giving away $10,000 that was posted by a Creator who has way more subs than Mr Beast did at the time only got 35,000 views which is pretty good nonetheless but is a long shot off of Mr B's 10 million nowadays if an unknown Creator were to publish this video it would probably struggle to even crack 1,000 views potentially because giving away $10,000 in a video is no longer absurd enough because it's been done so many times to weigh bigger scales so to use the absurdity formula you need to come up with ideas that people think are absurd or aren't possible on my old gamedev Channel Nate Dev I created a video called I made a game in one line of code which got over 2 million views the reason this video did so well is that most people understand that even small video games require hundreds if not thousands of lines of code to make them work so doing it in one line of code was crazy to people however I mentioned earlier that it also needs to be within the realm of possibility despite seeming almost impossible and this is important because if you make an absurd claim and then don't deliver on it in the video your viewers will get upset and click off your video killing its performance on the flip side if you make a bold claim like I did and then actually deliver on it you'll get way more clicks on your video than you even know it to do with in fact I literally did this with two other videos on the exact same channel that did the same thing as the first so to use this technique for yourself you want to first put yourself in the mind of the viewer and then write down 10 to 20 absurd video ideas don't even worry about whether these ideas are possible right now just generate the absolute best videos you can think of for example if you make Finance content you might want to make a video called I don't know I built a$0 million business in 24 hours or if you make cooking videos for example maybe you'll come up with a video called cooking a five-star gourmet meal with $5 just make sure your ideas don't seem too impossible or viewers will think you're lying and won't click and once you've written down a bunch of video ideas you'll want to figure out exactly how you're going to deliver on them which might seem really difficult until you get creative and realize that you can cap a little bit if you just follow it up with a super educational or entertaining video to make up for it for example in this video where I made a game without using my computer I technically made the game without using my computer because I actually ended up calling my friends on my phone and telling them how to make the game with their computers and the only reason this worked and didn't feel like clickbait to my audience is because I followed it up with a super entertaining story and video but if this strategy doesn't end up working as well as you'd like then don't worry because I have four more strategies that I'm going to show you for coming up with viral video ideas which leads me on to number two the social hack social hacking involves creating an idea that capitalizes on familiarity and relevance even large Brands like Nike outside of YouTube use social hacking like when they partnered with Michael Jordan to create the Jordan shoe line and I'm going to show you how you can use this method as well but first take a look at George jenko's Channel you can see that his videos get 10 of thousands of views with the odd video getting a few million views and then bam he creates a video with Andrew Tate becoming his most popular video and gets over 12 million views the reason social hacking he knew that his core audience was in the range of 18 to 25-year-old men and what is this audience love Andrew Tate so he got in contact with his best friend Patrick f David asked him to connect with Andrew flew all the way out to Romania and then did a podcast with him he took on a ton of risk but it paid off because of the power of social hacking his audience was super familiar with Andrew so they clicked right away now the good news is that you don't even need to have somebody famous come onto your channel to utilize social hacking instead you can always just capitalize on stuff that's currently trending for example the game power world recently blew up so on our client's Channel we knew a video about it would probably do well however every single video about po World circulating YouTube at the time was talking about the game's controversies and we knew that if we didn't do something different we just get lost in the SE of video saying the exact same stuff over and over again and probably wouldn't get fused so we took a different approach and instead focused on PO world's marketing success and it became a 20x outlier on the channel pulling in over 20,000 views on a newish 300 sub Channel and speaking of outliers let's move on to number three the outlier method an outlier is a video that performs extremely well compared to everything else on a given Channel now a lot of outliers come as a result of luck but these days there are tools that specifically help you find outliers and I'm going to show you the one that I use every single day so first you'll want to find niches that are adjacent to yours meaning you share a very similar audience with them for example the Roblox Niche is very adjacent to the Minecraft Niche the female fashion Niche is adjacent to the male fashion Niche and the YouTube education Niche is actually adjacent to the finance Niche basically F niches with a very high audience overlap to yours then you'll want to use the tool one of 10 to search these niches for videos that are huge outliers and then adapt them to fit your Niche for example when generating ideas for this channel I search through the finance Niche because it has a very similar audience to the YouTube education Niche and found Alex horos video if I wanted to become a millionaire in 2024 this is what I would do full blueprint which was a pretty big outlier I then adapted it for my own channel and created the video the blueprint to blow up on YouTube in 2024 and it got a one of 10 almost instantly one of 10 has also been kind enough to sponsor this video but I genuinely use this tool every single day to give myself fresh inspiration for video ideas on a plethora of different channels I'm working on and it's never let me down in fact it's literally the third tab in my bookmark marks bar for easy access and for good reason so if you want to use one of 10 like I do then click the link in the description below for a 20% off discount code next up is number four the research tab alongside recommendations a lot of viewers also find videos through YouTube search features and you can use that to your advantage with the research technique to use this technique you want to first go to YouTube Studio analytics and then click the research tab where you'll be able to see things that viewers of your channel are searching for when looking for a video in fact it'll also show you searches that had what YouTube calls content gap which are gaps in the market where there's high demand for a specific search term and not a lot of Supply or you know content to deliver on that search term so if you're ever stuck for a topic idea I suggest checking out the research tab on your channel and using a Content Gap search you already know people want it and that in turn will increase the chances of it going viral if again you follow it up with a banger video and finally number five is the recommendation station the recommendation station is the simplest of the five strategies to keep it simple here's a quick tutorial on how to do it first you want to download the one of 10 Chrome extension using my link in the description below then you'll want to go to the YouTube recommendations page and the one of 10 Chrome extension will then give you the outlier scores on the side of each video once you find a video that is in a niche that's somewhat adjacent to yours you can then just repackage that video and then use it on your own channel very similar to how we do it with the one of 10 tool except it's so much easier and you can even do this while you're on a break watching YouTube or doing anything else anyway I hope you found this video useful and if I missed any of your favorite ways to come up with video ideas then just just comment them down below so that I can make another video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Youmeandneurodiversity [2 likes]: Validated content idea mining = the best way to come up with video ideas. Look for ideas that have already resonated with the audience in your niche on YouTube, (videos that have more views than subs for that channel. For example, 10,000 views but only 2,000 subs is audience growing). Watch it, make notes, understadn what specific “problem” the video is solving. Then go read the comments, look for what people thought the video did well/did bad. Look to understand the specific problem better than anyone else. Then from that data, formulate your own idea. And there can be 3 simple variations. It can be different take of the idea, it can be a vertical exploration of the idea that precedes, or procedes the idea, or it can be a side side step of the idea, so something very similar but in a slightly different niche for example.
  2. @declaredgoose [1 likes]: I thought the ad was the video🥀
  3. @20shots99 [1 likes]: I cant edit like that its too hard😢
  4. @BaHiepDo-e3g [1 likes]: I admire your creativity.
  5. @ambientworldsoundscapes [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! I've just started my first channel, a mix of asmr whisper english lessons and beautiful atmospheric music. I'm small and new but wanting to bring some much needed joy to the world. ♥️
  6. @Punjabijatt-x8c: ❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @tubaughloohoo: Are my new videos fire?
  8. @RedstoneXavier: It no work work tho
  9. @FNAF2great: Dude I’m young I can’t do these things (11 years old)
  10. @dancer.Aryan.77: ❤❤
  11. @TheGAMERDyl4n: Okay yeah this is fucking stupid
  12. @102markdude: I kept guessing what to upload until I started using a tool that shows which videos actually overperform in a niche. Planning feels way less random now. Tool is in my bio
  13. @CoreAnimates-cs: Thanks for the video ideas
  14. @TheGAMERDyl4n: You know not everyone makes content for kids
  15. @vidIQHub: good edit
  16. @UbiybBiubiub: Tysm bro. I made 60k in 20 days. And 60k subs on my channel, not this one, but a diff channel
  17. @ReallyFlippy: I’d reckon half of the population YouTubers used this tutorial. Amazing!
  18. @NovyTom83: This breakdown of the Absurdity Formula and Outlier Method is a game-changer🚀 Most creators just guess, but using data to find adjacent niche winners is the real secret sauce to growth. Thanks for the 1of10 tool recommendation
  19. @kovlolz: he copied my pfp
  20. @sloanteehee: your final tip is to STEAL content? geez man... that is rough.

- Viral Video Star Says He Doesn’t Talk To Family Because ‘They’re Irrelevant’: Kind: captions Language: en Do you think that this is modeling bad behavior for like really young people? It's easy to go viral, you just have to make sure you're not gonna get arrested. And we're not like telling other people to do it. You say you wanna inspire LGBTQ kids, right? And you want to inspire them how? Well, basically I wanna build the platform first, and I'll kinda do anything it takes to get there, but, I just wanna show people that there is someone out there like them, and you can kinda be crazy and still be LGBTQ, and a good person. Right. Yeah. And what do y'all's families think about you doing these stunts, these pranks? Personally, mine don't love it, but it's not gonna stop me 'cause it's getting me somewhere, obviously. How about you? I mean, I don't talk to my family. Why not? They're irrelevant. They're irrelevant? None of them have followers. If they got followers or got rich, I'd probably talk to them again. Hang on a minute, did you just say, "I don't talk to my family "because they don't have followers"? If they had followers, they'd be here right now. You talking about your mother? I mean, my mom has more followers than my sister. (audience laughs) It's your mother! What difference does it make, what do you care if she had followers or not? Can anyone tell me what I would talk to my mom about if she's not gonna be making me relevant? Yeah, like, "Hi, Mom!" Now, I have a career and I'm famous, like that's what happens when you get famous, you cut people off. (audience groaning) Seriously? Everyone's upset with it, maybe because you guys aren't relevant either, so you don't understand. (audience loudly jeering) Scum-bodies! You're just scum-bodies! (audience laughing) Maybe I'm just out of sync, I guess, 'cause I didn't know you 'till today, and if you gotta wear an-- (audience cheering) No, I'm not trying to be rude! I'm just not big on, you know-- I get it. 'Cause all these people already knew me, right? No! I mean, I've had the same secretary for 45 years, I've had the same accountant for 45 years, I've had people that have been in my life, I don't cut people off. Well, you're famous, you're Dr. Phil, so you didn't need to. Well, not 45 years ago. He's big-headed. He just likes to cut people off for fun. He's ruined a few of my relationships as well. You know what I found? The bigger the star, the smaller the ego. (audience cheers) I don't have an ego!

  Top Comments:
  1. @berchanleejarlido174 [1 likes]: Till this day, I don't even know who the heck this guy is
  2. @not.supermario [1 likes]: Pretty sure his family doesn't talk to him because he's a nasty guy. He just looks like he's a pain to be around.
  3. @SamuelThomas123 [1 likes]: Your mother made you more relevant than anyone else has because she gave birth to you and brought you into this world
  4. @yamilethcalderon1171 [1 likes]: Is the Jeffrey Star lmao
  5. @Colinsane96: wonder where they work now :face-blue-smiling::text-green-game-over:
  6. @BteyTochhawng: First time I'm seeing them 😂😂😂😂
  7. @xaviermonge6873: "It's easy to go viral, you just gotta make sure that your not going to get arrested." Ok, whatever bruh. Sound stupid as fudge.
  8. @alfredjrtovar1499: "I have a career... and im famous" 😂😂😂😂😂
Yes hes such a career girl!
  9. @CarlosPEnis: Bameron 😂
  10. @jimmymolwantwa7245: 02:04😅😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂
  11. @apriljohnson2632: His head shaking is stupid.  He's irrelevant. I don't know who they are either, hopefully their social medias get shut down
  12. @borisenivargames: even chat gpt and google lens cant help me identify him...
  13. @Johnny67Bhoy: Absolute weirdo shouldn't be anywhere near kids
  14. @RuanAntunes7: Dr. Phil really had his hands full with all of the bottom of the barrel human trash that were guests on the show.
  15. @s6svsvwvwni8e62h: Ashton kutcher come out is this punkd 😂😂😂😂
  16. @albertsguppyadventure4293: atleast i searched by using “Kid who dont talked to his parent because of no followers”😂
  17. @raspberrypinkcloudzzz: dude was a successful irl troll and never gets credit for it
  18. @TrapGod_official: Gen z 😂
  19. @Socrates-y1u: what's his name
  20. @Elevated801: When your mind is so warped thay you actually think thay having followers makes you something but it doesn't and never will ever 
 This person will never be anyone but a discusting excuse for a human

- Not Everyone Should Be An Influencer: Kind: captions Language: en-US Do not be an influencer. It pays horribly&nbsp; most days, and you have to risk so much for&nbsp;&nbsp; little reward. Everyone brags about their five&nbsp; figure pay days, but won’t tell you about their&nbsp;&nbsp; five dollar pay days. It’s this boom and bust&nbsp; nature of the business that makes it extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; difficult to support yourself through content&nbsp; creation alone, and many popular influencers&nbsp;&nbsp; with sizable followings are unable to pay their&nbsp; bills with the revenue they earn online. Despite&nbsp;&nbsp; this career not being viable even for established&nbsp; influencers, viral “creator coaches” sell the&nbsp;&nbsp; influencer lifestyle to people working 9 to 5 as&nbsp; an alternative to their current job or as a side&nbsp;&nbsp; hustle. These coaches instruct people to post&nbsp; multiple times a day, dump their entire camera&nbsp;&nbsp; roll onto their story, and vlog intimate details&nbsp; about their life on the off chance they blow up&nbsp;&nbsp; and are able to monetize their platform.&nbsp; Without knowing what they’re getting into,&nbsp;&nbsp; aspiring content creators often jeopardize&nbsp; their mental health, safety, and financial&nbsp;&nbsp; wellbeing without ever making a dime off their&nbsp; videos. As someone who does this full time,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m here to tell everyone the multitude of reasons&nbsp; why anyone wanting to be a content creator should&nbsp;&nbsp; think carefully before putting their all into it. First of all, allow me to explain my credentials.&nbsp;&nbsp; I started posting comedy content on TikTok&nbsp; in 2019 while I was in college, and reached a&nbsp;&nbsp; million followers in 2020. I also began uploading&nbsp; commentary videos to this channel and reached&nbsp;&nbsp; a hundred thousand subscribers in 2022. By 2023 I&nbsp; was making enough money to move out of my parents&nbsp;&nbsp; house and pursue content creation full time.&nbsp; I’ve been doing this for seven years, worked&nbsp;&nbsp; with countless brands, and garnered hundreds&nbsp; of millions of views and I have no secrets to&nbsp;&nbsp; give and no course to sell. Though creating viral&nbsp; content is a skill, it is a soft skill, and there&nbsp;&nbsp; is no instruction manual that can give you the&nbsp; instincts top creators have honed over many years.&nbsp;&nbsp; I love this job and I understand why so many&nbsp; people are attracted to content creation,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I’m concerned about the expectations people&nbsp; have about the industry. People are going into&nbsp;&nbsp; content creation with no interest in making&nbsp; videos thinking they’re going to be rich,&nbsp;&nbsp; but there are limited opportunities to monetize a&nbsp; social media following. Platform revenue is only&nbsp;&nbsp; viable if you’re bringing in millions of views&nbsp; a week, and brand deals are extremely hard to&nbsp;&nbsp; come by unless you are in one of a small&nbsp; handful of saturated yet lucrative niches.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even if you post every day, do everything&nbsp; right, and go viral, you can still be broke.&nbsp; Despite the harsh realities of content creation,&nbsp; there’s an army of influencers who advertise&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves as content coaches—selling people&nbsp; e-books and courses and promising them six figure&nbsp;&nbsp; salaries if they follow their tips and tricks. In&nbsp; my opinion, these people are charlatans who only&nbsp;&nbsp; get views because they’re selling false hope.&nbsp; Using certain hashtags or posting at this or&nbsp;&nbsp; that time of day will not jumpstart your career.&nbsp; Only making good videos will give you a chance&nbsp;&nbsp; to succeed, and on platforms like TikTok—with&nbsp; excellent algorithms that do not care how many&nbsp;&nbsp; followers you have or what hashtags you use—if&nbsp; a video does not do well, it’s because it wasn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; good. It didn’t hook people in and provided&nbsp; no incentive for viewers to watch it all the&nbsp;&nbsp; way through, let alone like or comment. This is&nbsp; the reality of shortform video apps, and there’s&nbsp;&nbsp; no way to game the system, but people don’t like&nbsp; hearing the truth: that video performance depends&nbsp;&nbsp; on subjective qualities that cannot readily be&nbsp; prescribed. This is why creator coaches give&nbsp;&nbsp; people concrete instructions like “post at 9:15&nbsp; a.m.” because tips like that are easy to follow.&nbsp;&nbsp; They’re also easy to hear because telling someone&nbsp; their video sucks can offend them, but telling&nbsp;&nbsp; them they didn’t use this one special trick does&nbsp; not pass judgment on their skills as a creator.&nbsp; Inundated with nonsensical advice and instructions&nbsp; to post incessantly on TikTok and Instagram,&nbsp;&nbsp; aspiring creators labor tirelessly with&nbsp; very inconsistent results. Most of their&nbsp;&nbsp; videos only get a couple hundred views—what the&nbsp; content creator coaches call being trapped in&nbsp;&nbsp; “three hundred view jail.” Occasionally, a budding&nbsp; content creator gets over a hundred thousand views&nbsp;&nbsp; out of the blue on a random video, but they’re&nbsp; often unable to replicate that success.&nbsp;&nbsp; This intermittent positive reinforcement keeps&nbsp; them posting, and is the same psychological trick&nbsp;&nbsp; slot machines capitalize on. They give the gambler&nbsp; sporadic hits of dopamine at randomized intervals&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep them pulling the lever. In this way,&nbsp; social media becomes a casino, with one TikTok&nbsp;&nbsp; shop influencer comparing an affiliate marketing&nbsp; video going viral to winning a scratch ticket. The&nbsp;&nbsp; phrase “all it takes is one video” is thrown&nbsp; around a lot in influencer coaching circles,&nbsp;&nbsp; despite the fact that it often takes hundreds&nbsp; of viral videos to make a name for yourself.&nbsp;&nbsp; The focus on volume, the overemphasis on&nbsp; luck, and the promise of fame and fortune&nbsp;&nbsp; create a recipe for burning out, or worse. There are countless videos telling people&nbsp;&nbsp; what hashtags to use, but almost no videos&nbsp; telling people what kind of content to post.&nbsp;&nbsp; This leaves aspiring creators to their own&nbsp; devices, and most try to fit the mold of a typical&nbsp;&nbsp; lifestyle influencer—posting vlog style content&nbsp; of their daily lives. Few realize how dangerous&nbsp;&nbsp; this content is if you’re not incredibly careful,&nbsp; and nearly every aspiring creator makes terrible&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that expose them to serious risks to&nbsp; their livelihood or safety. They film at their&nbsp;&nbsp; place of employment, often disclosing personal&nbsp; details about who their employer is, along with&nbsp;&nbsp; their full name and job title. They film in front&nbsp; of their house or apartment complex, sometimes&nbsp;&nbsp; showing the number on the front door, and they’re&nbsp; always excited to mention how single, alone,&nbsp;&nbsp; and vulnerable they are. This lack of regard for&nbsp; internet safety and oversharing was pioneered by&nbsp;&nbsp; the small army of New York City influencer&nbsp; girlies with corporate jobs, but security is&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty tight at their luxury apartment buildings&nbsp; and they know where the line is when talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; work or showing their day to day whereabouts.&nbsp; Even with what small precautions they take,&nbsp;&nbsp; some of them have had to stop posting because&nbsp; they attracted a stalker or had their apartment&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly broken into. Watching aspiring creators do&nbsp; this in their small home towns is rather scary.&nbsp; Speaking of filming at work, anyone planning&nbsp; on doing so should read their company's social&nbsp;&nbsp; media policy cover to cover because you could&nbsp; get in serious trouble for breaking the rules.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even if you do nothing wrong, if you come&nbsp; under fire and people call your employer,&nbsp;&nbsp; you could be out of a job. Risking a stable&nbsp; 9 to 5 for the sake of making content that&nbsp;&nbsp; barely brings in any income, let alone gives&nbsp; you health insurance, is a terrible mistake.&nbsp;&nbsp; So many people get very publicly fired for&nbsp; filming at work. You hear about this all the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but for some reason people still risk it all over&nbsp; a few million views. Not only can posting content&nbsp;&nbsp; risk your current job, but it can also affect&nbsp; future employment opportunities. All it takes is&nbsp;&nbsp; one scandal attached to your name, and employers&nbsp; might pass over your stellar resume because of a&nbsp;&nbsp; stupid video you posted on TikTok four years&nbsp; ago. Some niches are more risky than others,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you’re planning on being controversial&nbsp; and selling your bathwater you better hope to&nbsp;&nbsp; make enough money to retire in 5 years because&nbsp; you’ll never get a regular job ever again.&nbsp; The problem is that regular jobs are the exact&nbsp; thing people want to escape from. They want to&nbsp;&nbsp; be their own boss, set their own hours, and&nbsp; build wealth. Content creation is pitched&nbsp;&nbsp; to this demographic of frustrated, overworked&nbsp; people as a get rich quick scheme. Such schemes&nbsp;&nbsp; have always existed in some form or another, and&nbsp; in the digital age they’re often variants of Tim&nbsp;&nbsp; Ferriss’s “The Four-Hour Work Week,” a self help&nbsp; book from 2007. Published before social media&nbsp;&nbsp; became lucrative, it advised readers to take a&nbsp; break from the grind by outsourcing their work to&nbsp;&nbsp; people overseas and paying them next to nothing in&nbsp; order to relax all day. Departing from Ferriss’s&nbsp;&nbsp; leisurely strategy, today’s moneymaking schemes&nbsp; surrounding content creation encourage people to&nbsp;&nbsp; work themselves to death, filming social media&nbsp; content for hours after clocking out of their&nbsp;&nbsp; exhausting 9 to 5s. This is, of course, in hopes&nbsp; that they can make it big and quit their day jobs,&nbsp;&nbsp; but how often does that happen realistically?&nbsp; Even if it were to happen, they’d just be trading&nbsp;&nbsp; one job for another, not retiring. Content&nbsp; creation can be less work than a 9 to 5,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sometimes it isn’t. Everyone laughed at&nbsp; Mikayla Nogueira when she said “try being&nbsp;&nbsp; an influencer for a day,” and rightfully&nbsp; so, this isn’t the hardest job on Earth,&nbsp;&nbsp; but dare I say there was somewhat of a point made&nbsp; in that infamously out of touch video. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; if content creation required no skill or effort,&nbsp; everyone would be an influencer now wouldn’t they.&nbsp; Despite all the serious downsides to being a&nbsp; content creator, there’s a reason I became one.&nbsp;&nbsp; I love making videos and did so without making a&nbsp; dime for over a year and get so much satisfaction&nbsp;&nbsp; from seeing people’s reactions to the content I&nbsp; make. This work brings me joy, and though there&nbsp;&nbsp; are boring days, the exciting days overshadow&nbsp; them. Of course, I already built my following&nbsp;&nbsp; and my skills so my experience is very different&nbsp; from someone just starting out. What concerns&nbsp;&nbsp; me is that a large percentage of aspiring&nbsp; content creators evidently hate making videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is problematic not because I expect&nbsp; people to love every job they take on,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because you will burn out instantaneously if&nbsp; you go into content creation hating every minute&nbsp;&nbsp; of it. Moreover, if you’re in the lifestyle&nbsp; niche, you are monetizing your likeness and&nbsp;&nbsp; day to day life. Clocking out of work when you’re&nbsp; exhausted is difficult when your life is your job.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know I sound dramatic, but those who hate the&nbsp; content they’re posting sometimes need to take&nbsp;&nbsp; extended breaks from content creation. Doing that&nbsp; after you quit your day job means giving up weeks&nbsp;&nbsp; or months of platform revenue and potential brand&nbsp; deals. Social media algorithms punish creators who&nbsp;&nbsp; take breaks as well, so once you start posting&nbsp; again the views might not come back right away.&nbsp; I hope this video doesn’t come across as rude or&nbsp; out of touch, but seeing a highly unstable career&nbsp;&nbsp; path that few are able to navigate being sold as&nbsp; an alternative to a 9 to 5 is very concerning.&nbsp;&nbsp; The job market is so bad that people who don’t&nbsp; want to be public figures and have no interest in&nbsp;&nbsp; making videos are posting 4 times a day on public&nbsp; accounts in hopes that they blow up. Low wages and&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing economic uncertainty have made wagering&nbsp; your digital footprint and free time for the slim&nbsp;&nbsp; chance of a successful internet career seem more&nbsp; probable than getting a job that pays a living&nbsp;&nbsp; wage. If you’ve thoroughly considered pursuing&nbsp; content creation, understand the risks, and have&nbsp;&nbsp; amazing content ideas to share with the world,&nbsp; feel free to have at it—that’s what I did although&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn’t get the chance to think it through before&nbsp; things got serious. I have no interest in gate&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping, I just don’t want to promise people fame&nbsp; and fortune when I barely have a stable gig after&nbsp;&nbsp; 7 years of doing this yet I’m somehow better off&nbsp; than 90% of creators who have also been posting&nbsp;&nbsp; this long. In my eyes, anyone making guarantees&nbsp; is trying to sell you something, and probably&nbsp;&nbsp; has no idea what they’re talking about. Anyway I’m&nbsp; Robert Tolppi and if you enjoyed this video, don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to like, comment, share, and subscribe,&nbsp; and I hope you have a great week. Bye bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @NotSoSwift1989 [3 likes]: While I can't speak for everyone, I've been earning around 3,000 each month on TikTok since joining the creator program last November. I've invested about 80% of that into a lithium company, which supplies materials essential for data centers. Things are looking up and I'm about to buy a house and pay cash for it. I have no regrets about getting on TikTok even if it dries us tomorrow.
  2. @spicyman313 [2 likes]: nobody should be
  3. @ThemePro24 [1 likes]: YouTuber:  'I’ve made it, and I’m here to tell you that trying to follow in my footsteps is a terrible idea' 😵‍💫 The reality is that almost every successful YouTuber started out by ignoring the "it's too hard" advice and deciding to figure it out for themselves.
  4. @LivingBuyCoastal-sea1: Yeah. I started a blog 3 years ago, took me so long to build everything, it took me hours to find the prettiest decor things and never took off. Google shovels us. After 3 years of nothing I am now moving to youtube (already with long gaps, because I have a job and a lot of work), and I think youtube is not sending it to the right audience. And even though my videos are not what I'd like them to be, it's what I can do now. And yes, I know it can end up like the blog.Blogging was also a sure thing...nope...not at all. Not in 2023.
  5. @MOONMANSAVES: Youtube sux for consumers.  Nothing else matters
  6. @SkreaminSkramp: I don't think people even idealize this form of a career path unless civilization is on the decline. I'd love a job that genuinely helps people, pays good, and doesn't ruin my life.
  7. @shamaiahellis8810: saying this for those who watch this and feel discouraged, He’s right that content creation is unstable, mentally draining, and full of fake gurus selling unrealistic dreams. But he becomes too cynical by acting like success is mostly random and that there’s no real strategy. In reality, creators who improve packaging, storytelling, branding, and audience targeting dramatically increase their chances over time. He also overlooks how many creators build stable middle-class incomes through diversified revenue, freelancing, sponsorships, and long-term compounding. The industry is risky, but it’s not just a casino — skill, adaptability, and differentiation matter a lot more than he implies. I know people who make thousands of dollars the important strategy is investing into other things. The better advice is not:

“Never choose content creation over a 9–5. Its don’t blindly quit stability without a plan.
  8. @lazeeriderr56: Great video. I have my own tiny little channel. It’s a lot of fun for me to film, edit and upload videos. I actually enjoy the process. I know I will never make a dime but I don’t care as long as I enjoy it.
  9. @CreativeontheMend: great video finally honest talk
  10. @Makochako: Very true.
  11. @stupidsucks: love your work and autthenticity. the hedonic treadmill is no joke. keep living.
  12. @ChetDanbury: Just came across your channel today. You are a bright and talented person, bro. Your energy and fashion sense reminds me of Truman Capote
  13. @FaulksDigital: skill issue
  14. @XCOMCENTRAL: You would make an amazing movie reviewer
  15. @jinjo2200: Thank you for talking about the non glamorous side of being an influencer. I have absolutely no interest in being an influencer, yet people have been trying to push me towards that direction because of the business I've been building up with my creative pursuits. The last thing I want to do is turn on the camera for that, and worrying about editing that video and posting it in a way so that it might have a chance of blowing up.
  16. @durthy: Yes! To make money requires multiple digital revenue streams. Sustainable income is not passive and there is risk. Simply posting content that gets moderate reach will not produce sustainable income.
  17. @BitsOfBen: I tried the creator life around a decade ago. I was only uploading once a week but it was a different time back then. I had a very small following for a little while and they were loyal, I decided to stop in 2019 as I felt the effort was too much and with the greater risk of getting cancelled or jeopardising my life, I wanted a more private life. Being an influencer can be rewarding, but it comes with great risk!
  18. @ATRestoration: The thing is, if you work really hard to become a successful content creator and when the success comes, people expect that you would post even more.  It is like running towards the horizon hoping to catch it. So, it is better just to enjoy the ride and show love to your followers, not chase the numbers.
  19. @BemmyBlox: I love your shirt  goatle
  20. @johnoblues3984: Oh yea I ain't gonna give up my day job to do this crap and think I could ever rely on it as a decent sort of income, YouTube is just a joke these days I feel.

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- Don’t Chase Virality (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en Uh about a week ago, I was asked to speak on a topic and I've put together a brand new presentation for some of you. So bear with me if there are some typos and some weird things. And the reason why I did this is because they asked me to talk about the topic of virality. And nobody does a better job than that than Brendan Kaine. He's our friend. Uh we he's been on multiple podcasts with us. So Brendan, with all apologies, I'm going to take a little different approach and talk to you about something because when I think of Mind Valley, I think of a more spiritual personal uh pursuit versus this thing. There's this promise of social media that anyone can go viral. And I wonder why or where we got this idea from that anyone can go viral, right? And I think it's the social media networks have told us this and they make this promise like they dangle that little carrot for us to pursue and it keeps us chasing. So I want to ask you this question. If anyone can go viral. The question is should you? So I want you to think about this. Okay. Some of you may know this person. His name is Mark Manson. Do you know Mark Manson? Anybody? Okay, great. Well read group here. I love that. He wrote this book called The Subtle Art of Not Giving an F. And I heard him say this thing about if you want to be a 1enter, and I don't think he's talking about the top 1% of the richest people in the world, but the people who make the greatest impact in the world, the top 1enter, they have something in common. They all do this one thing. They are contrarians. When everyone's going one direction, they go the opposite direction. But any fool can go a different direction. So you have to be a correct contrarian. You have to find something that goes against what the mainstream is saying, whatever it is that you strongly believe in your heart. Not to do it because it's it's a gimmick, but because you believe in your heart, this isn't correct. Because if you say what everyone else is saying, you're going to disappear in all the noise. So, you have to become a correct contrarian. And I take this very personally because I am not trying to be contrarian, but I have very strong points of view on lots of things. So, I'm going to use this opportunity to probably undo everything that Brendan just said. Okay. So, we're gonna have a little bit of fun together. Okay. So, from the people who are laughing, I presume you were here for that. And for the people who are not laughing, maybe you're going to be mad at me or you're just new here. So, it's okay. This presentation exists with or without Brendan. He's a very important person. So, I want to ask you this question, okay, to reflect on this idea a little bit, which is in an era of fast fashion, what is the consequence of fast fashion? You know, certain brands that make things really quickly, they not only destroy legitimate fashion brands by knocking off their designs, but they're producing things that are such a rapid pace that they are the most harmful companies to the environment, even more than big oil. It's a shocking idea. So if we like fast fashion, we have to come to the consequence and understand what happens to all the clothes that we don't buy because it's become cheaper to replace the clothes than it is to wash the clothes. That's scary to me. And then in the era of fast food, what's the consequence of fast food? We have a lot of engineered things that last a really long time. Good for shelf life, not good for your body. And I don't know about you, I prefer things that are less processed over things that are processed in an era of easy money. What could be the problem with easy money? What could be the problem? Well, you know, get rich quick, you also lose it really quick. Easy come, easy go. Very high percentage of people who win the lottery wind up right back where they started. I wonder why. Because maybe, just maybe, there is something to the pursuit of learning something, working hard that is more desirable than the result itself. So, I hope you start to hear a theme here, and I'm going to build my argument. And then we think about things like a crash diet. Anybody here been on a crash diet? New Year's resolution to lose a lot of weight. The problem with crash diets there, the the hint is in the title itself, crash. Maybe the word die. So, you're on this yo-yo diet, right? When you may start off large and get to medium small, but because this is not a lifelong pursuit because you see it as a very short-term goal to hit, maybe once you hit the goal, you regress because those habits haven't been formed inside of you. Kind of an important thing to think about. Okay? And then, I'm this is not a real term. Does anybody here want fast fans? Okay. Okay. I didn't think so. You don't have to agree with me. We can have an argument. This can be very interactive. So, people of convenience maybe. So, what's the problem with fast fans? Well, I don't know about you. This is a generated image, but it's a symbol for the things that are going on with engagement farms. You pay, you get the views. As soon as you stop paying, you don't get the views. You don't get the fake engagement. And I would rather have a hundred people who are dedicated who truly want to consume my content than a million people who are there because somebody's clicking it in some country. So that's that's it with that. So what I would like for you to maybe kind of rethink this idea of v virality. We came out of a pandemic. I don't know about you, but I'm not so keen on viruses myself. So the antidote probably to this idea of going viral is to be antiviral. So my talk is called the dark side of virality. Why success or easy success might become a prison sentence for many of you. Okay. So I'm going to ask this question and I do a style of talks where I'd like to interact with you as much as you're comfortable doing and I understand different cultures people like to talk some people don't. I will work with whatever you give me. Okay. So what is the goal of content creation? I just want you to reflect on this. So, if you're watching this on Zoom, just type it in. What is the goal of you creating content? I'm going to give you a second because maybe there's a delay. Then I'm going to ask the audience here, what's the goal of you create? How many people here are creating content? You make a post, a podcast, a carousel, uh a YouTube video, Instagram reel. So, almost everybody here, I'm glad to hear that at least the programming is right because this is the social media summit of the 1 billion followers summit. So, if you're here, maybe you're curious or you're actually doing something. So just randomly yell out just like a little bit at a time, not all at once cuz then I can't process that. What's the goal of you creating content >> right here? What's that >> connection? >> Oh yeah, hold on. Hold on everybody. Oh my god, I know where we are now. This is like uh bizarre. We're trading things. Yes. I just need to understand the word. I can manage >> uh sales. >> Sales to sell things. You make content to sell things. Okay, great. >> Educate. >> Educating. Are you an educator? >> Yeah. >> Okay, that's why. [laughter] Okay. Over here. >> Awareness. >> Awareness. To build awareness so you can get sales or to educate? >> Okay. So, education. Okay. Yes. >> Entertain. >> Entertain. Do you tell jokes? Are you a funny guy? >> Uh, yeah. I I do funny vlogs and stuff. >> Okay. Maybe not right now, but Okay. Over here. >> Making money. >> Oh, we got to make some money, huh? Okay. Last one. >> What? >> Fashion. >> No. Fashion. Fashion. Passion. >> Passion. I love that. What's your passion, friend? >> Uh, history. >> Oh, so education. >> No. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's okay. Okay. You know. Okay. One more. You're She's like, "Pick me or I'm going to be mad at you. You're going to get an angry view for me." Yes. >> You want to create clones of yourself? >> Online. And then share your knowledge. >> Okay. It might be a language translation thing. I'm ESL too, so maybe there's another word. I think what you're saying is you can make a positive impact in the world and inspire people to do the things that you want to inspire them to do. That's what So you're talking about thought leadership through education. Yes. Beautiful. Okay. Thank you for participating. Okay. So I I took the guess that maybe some of you want to do awareness, build awareness either to promote and to create sales or awareness around an idea, eat less of this, eat more of that, uh be kinder, you know, those kinds of things or or meditate more, whatever the idea is. Some of you want conversion to create content to get more sales, right? And some of you, nobody said this, but does anybody create content to build trust? Yeah. Okay. There's an asterisk on that because we're going to come back to that in a little bit. Okay. I just realized I'm going too slow. I need to speed up. Okay. 10 minutes have been lost. Okay. When we do awareness, it's not just called content creation. It's called marketing. You understand that? Yes. So what I don't like is when we use one term to describe too many things then the words lose meaning and we have to be specific about the words that we use because the words shape our worlds. Yes. Okay. When we do conversion what is that called then? >> It's called sales. Very smart audience. So what I don't want to do is mix all this stuff up. But when we build trust what do we call that? >> Branding. Yes. Good job guys. Great job. Look at this. We agree. So far so good. Okay. So your goals. So, if we're going to create content, what's the goal of creating content? Well, let's let's play along. Let's say we really want to go viral. Does anybody here want to go viral? Raise your hands. >> Yes. Some of you are like less excited about raising your hand now because you're like, "It's a trap. It's a trap. Don't do it." But let's be honest with each other. We can do that. So, let's say your goal is to be viral. Okay. So, what are the two options of going viral? Uh, as far as I can tell, yes or no. Okay. So, what happens if we actually get our wish of going viral? Here's what happens. Awesome. We get great reach. We get more engagement. We get more follows. Hallelujah. Maybe we make some money through monetization. We're really excited about making more content cuz shoot, we're rewarded for it, right? That's how the algorithms sink their hooks into you, by the way. And I went viral. You can just wackle with a little bit more confidence. Yes. Not like that, but you know what I mean. Okay. So, what happens now? Well, we we get into this loop. We went viral. We need to go viral again. There's a little problem here. Then we enter into this trap. It's called the validation loop where we're looking outside to be validated versus looking inwards to be validated, right? Exttrinsic versus intrinsic. That's the problem. So, even at your best possible outcome, you get what you want, but now you're stuck. You want it again and again. I'm going to go deeper into this in a second. So the question for you is, is it sustainable? Now, we need to have a common definition. What does it mean to go viral? It means that you have an outlier. Something that is 10x what you normally produce. You get 100 views, you get a,000 views. That's viral. If you do a,000 views, you get um what is it? 10,000 views. That's viral. So maybe my math is just bad, right? So 10x. How many people here have made a piece of content that's gone viral for them? Raise your hands. Okay, those of you keep your hands up. Keep your hands up. Air out the armpits. Some of you are sweating. Okay, you've gone viral. How many were able to repeat it? Lower your hand if you can't repeat it. And how many have been able to sustain it over and over and over again? Lower your hands now. Only a handful of people. The person in the front, of course, she's must be really smart and very good at making content. Beautiful. Okay. So, let's take the other path now. Okay. What happens when you don't go viral? This is the dark side that nobody is really paying attention to, which is now I'm not really motivated to make content anymore. And my ego, my self-esteem, my self-worth, my self- value takes a hit. And sometimes it leads to depression. And if you do this for long enough, it leads to burnout. Has anybody ever felt burnout on creating content? I mean, everybody's hand should be up right now. Let's tell the truth, people, please. Okay? And then what happens is eventually burnout leads to you quitting. So I presented to you a very structured argument why neither option is good. Yes, maybe we can argue later. So the problem with virality is it's based on an outcome. Do I get to go viral or not? And we have to ask this question. Is there something beneath the surface that's a bigger problem? So I'm going to present to you four really quick problems and we'll go through this. Okay. Number one is the seduction. Okay. Virality feels a lot of times very opaque. None of the platforms tell you how to go viral. So there's all these professional gurus, coaches, and programs that you can enter telling you what they guess what it is even though the platforms do not tell you. It's a very opaque process. And I think what they give they can take away. And I personally do not like to export my emotional well-being to a machine to the corporate overlords. Okay? Maybe you you like it, I don't like it. So I talked about this before. So what we used to look inside for whether or not we're doing the right thing, now we're trusting a machine that we do not understand from our corporate overlords who never talk to us to regulate our emotional well-being. I don't like this at all. And I'm going to share a little story with you. There's my friend, her name is Jodie Cook, and I've talked about her in a couple different ways. Jodie Cook on Instagram has 155 posts and 10.7,000 followers. Her typical content is 2,000 2,000. And wait a minute, there's a viral post right there. It has 2.9 million uh views and then it goes back to 4,229. Okay, now my friend Jodie Cook, who I featured on my channel, so it's a collab reel, has all this attention. She goes, "Chris, I've never gone viral before. Is this what it feels like for you and your life?" I'm like, "No, I don't go viral either. I don't know what's going on." Okay, so let's take a look here. That's the clip. All right, look at the engagement. So they're like, "Finally, I made it. I made it. So, Jod is um she writes for Forbes as a senior contributor. The impact of this one post going viral inspired her or maybe demanded of her to write an article and she wrote, "What really happens when you go viral on Instagram?" So, number one is your notifications are blowing up and she's trying to not pay attention to the phone, but it's going off all the time. She can't focus on anything else. She's constantly checking her phone to the point in which she has to turn it off and turn off everything. And now because she wants to keep checking the new numbers and the messages that are coming because it's so addictive, she came and do basic tasks and her inbox is crazy. It's flooded with messages. But there's this other part which maybe some of you have experienced. Threats, harassment, [snorts] name calling, and bullying are coming in. Yeah. Anybody have experienced that before? The trolls. Yes. not nice and if you're not built for it, if you haven't earned it over time, it can be overwhelming. So, I'm just going to read some of the more sanitized comments that were left on this post. Okay, number one, uh I can't read this. All right, it says, "When all you are is money, how poor your life must be." This is a complete stranger. And there's a reason why they say this when you go viral, because they don't know you. They just see this thing and they judge you for everything based on one thing you said or the way that you look or how long your skirt is or if you wear a baseball cap when you talk or not. Okay, here's another one. Uggh. These guru prices are out of control. The coaching space needs serious regulation in place. This person, I guarantee you, has done zero research on looking into her programs and how she coaches. You feeling it? Have you had comments like this before? >> No. I love the fact that you're putting them out there. Is that wrong? [laughter] >> You know what? You know what bullies don't like is being bullied themselves. >> How you like them apples. You know, I could tell you stories, but I'm not going to today >> unless there's time. What's that? >> Tell them. >> I love my bullies. I love the trolls. I'll tell you later. Love the enemy. It's the best approach. I make more content from the bullies than I do of the lovers and the fans. I'll tell you why. Because there's a friction point. The internet loves friction. So, I have an opportunity to clarify what I meant to say or how you might have misinterpreted this. It even usually it outperforms original posts. Okay, here's the last one. One word, escort. Yeah, I told you I'm giving you the more sanitized version. You guys know what escort means, right? Yes. Okay. I don't know. We're in Dubai. I don't know what we can talk about here. I'll probably have canceled. I will never be here again. Okay. Number two, the addiction. the addiction happens. You chase the dragon. Do you know the term chase the dragon? Okay, probably not here, but anyways, there's this flood of uh happiness, dopamine, and then dopamine leads to depression. Okay, and I think this whole thing is very close to a different kind of relationship, a perilous dealer addict relationship. You're the addict, you're not the dealer. I promise you. Okay. So, what do dealers do? They hook you with a sample, a viral moment. You feel the high and when you don't have anymore, you experience withdrawals. You don't know what to do with yourself and then you're constantly checking the stats. It's like you scratching like, "Oh, I need another fix." And now you have to chase your next fix. This is what's happening, right? So, the weird thing is the day before your post went viral, you were really happy with yourself, weren't you? You're making progress. I'm communicating. I'm becoming a better communicator. I feel better about myself. So what used to make you happy doesn't make you happy anymore. Weird because once you experience this feeling, everything else sucks in comparison. So you're chasing this thing one more time. So now you start to go in this negative spiral, this vicious cycle where you have more bad moments than good moments. Who still wants to go viral? Let's just keep checking the room. Okay, cool. I like that. You are resilient. >> No, I have a point. It's not a >> Well, wait. Can I finish the presentation before you make your point? There will be a point when you can make that point, but not right now cuz I'm worried about my time. Okay, cool. We're about halfway through. Okay, number three, the prison. Okay, what happens is when you go viral, well, what do you do? You try to repeat that. You might have been an experiment. You might have done something really goofy. You might have like put ice on your face or something. Now, every video you got to throw ice on your face. So, you become a caricature of yourself and you no longer feel like it's you who's showing up. So, you become a slave to the algorithm. This is why it's a prison. Brendan, hate me later, but I'm I'm gonna keep moving on. There's this idea. It's called the authenticity gap. Okay? It's the space that exists between the real you, who you are in private to your very best, most trusted friends, and how you show up in the world. Like, I don't sit in the hotel room with my skirt on. It's too uncomfortable. This is how I show up here. So, I am in some way operating as a persona or a character of myself. I'm wearing a hat. I have a mic. These aren't normal things I would do if I was sitting there in the living room watching TV. There's no need for that. So the bigger the gap between the real you and the persona who you show up to be in this world determines the lack of authenticity. So what's happening when you go viral? You show up even less of yourself. You become a prisoner of your own stupid success because this is all that people want from you now. So you have to maintain this image that you've created because you are so in love with this idea of attention and sooner than later you start wearing this mask and you can't even see yourself anymore. Your interests, your values and your personal growth take a backseat to keeping the relationship between you and the dealer happy and stable. It doesn't sound so good anymore, I don't think. And every time you try something different, you want to return back to the real you. You get punished for it, don't you? Oh my gosh, I'm shadowbanned now. What happened? Oh, you have fake followers cuz how did you get all that growth and now no one cares? Because you did something that they don't want to see from you. They'll leave comments like this. This isn't what we followed you for. Okay. So this avatar, this thing that you created to go viral becomes your prison. Okay. Number four, the awakening. What you start to realize is being viral doesn't mean you've done anything valuable. I'm sure you've scrolled through the feeds on Instagram, on Tik Tok. I think they call it brain rot for a reason. It's not necessarily valuable. It's just what the algorithm wants. And the algorithm, depending on the platform, rewards you every 10th post to give you an artificial boost. They give you a little love bomb. We love that you're on your 10th post. So, we're going to juice the numbers for you because they are like drug dealers. They want to keep encouraging you enough so you don't quit because the the platforms win when more people create. And you you start to understand that bigger reach doesn't mean that your message resonates anymore and that followers doesn't equal community. And I will go into that. Okay. Now, if you are here like many of us, you're trying to develop your personal brand, right? You guys are trying to develop your personal brand. What you need to understand what branding is. It's the stickiness of the relationship. It's how loyal people are to you. And there's simple tests. All you have to do is ask them to do something simple. Comment this. Go vote for me. Like, I'm I'm up for an award. Please vote for me. Please nominate me as a speaker for this event. or who knows an organizer who can put me in touch with somebody who will do the introductions. So, you can test the strength of those relationships in the community just to see how sticky it is. Okay, now here's the story. I'm sure some of you know this. VidCon is a big conference for YouTubers to create content. Post pandemic, they open it back up in 2022. Tik Tok is blowing up like crazy. It's sweeping all over social media. There's a good chance that if you're on Tik Tok, it's because it was in 2022 that everybody was telling you you must be on Tik Tok. Yes. Okay. So, what did VidCon do? They invited some of the biggest Tik Tockers with millions of followers to come and speak. I was at that conference. And this is an illustration of what those rooms looked like. Massive rooms for 500 to 800 people. Even for some of the biggest creators that you know and love, about 20 to 30 seats. Not percentage, 20 to 30 seats. fewer people than the people in this room for a room six times as big as this room. So, there was a Business Insider article in July of 2022. Why Tik Tockers may face problems forming deep connections with fans despite the platform's hold on Gen Z. And there's a woman, her name is Grace Africa. She has 1.3 million followers on Tik Tok. She she said, "When you set up a meet and greet and no one comes, how heartbreaking is that? this relationship that you thought you were building wasn't a relationship at all because you're chasing a number. So, here's what I conclude. Short-term fame doesn't build lasting bonds. Again, I'd rather have an army of 100 like Leonitis have my back than 10,000 people who never show up to help me fight. Okay. So, we're going to move into the light a little bit because you're like, "This is super depressing, bro." You're like, I want my money back. [laughter] If you if I charge you, I'll give it back to you. But I haven't. So there we go. Deliberation. Okay. So what we need to do is to move away from the metrics to what really matters to us. And how you answer this question is super individual to what your real goals are. Okay. Now if we if you need clients and all of us do need clients to the degree. If you need sales, you need revenue because you are able to sustain a business, that's fantastic. Invest in marketing. Invest in a sales program. Invest in sales training. But this is not why we make content in my opinion. In my humble opinion. Okay. So what matters to you? Let's use this same decision flowchart again and say, well, what's the goal of creating content? Now does somebody have a new answer for me besides going viral? >> Create raving fans. Okay. >> And having fun. >> Having fun. Okay. Here's the cool thing. Creating raving fans is not the goal. It's a byproduct of a goal. Having fun may or may not be the goal, but it could also be a byproduct of the goal. Okay. Now, I heard my friend Blair N share this on stage. I'm going to screw up the story. They had like a hundred entrepreneurs very successful in a room. They asked every single one, write down on a post-it note, what's important to you? And out of a hundred different entrepreneurs from all over different spectrums of success in different industries, they almost all wrote the same answer. Do you know what that answer is? Okay, check this out. They want to grow personally while helping other people. Amazing. You're like surprised. Look at his eyes just got three times bigger on me. It's like, close your eyes, bro. You're blinding me right now. I'm just kidding. Okay, so maybe the goal in creating content should be personal development to better ourselves while helping other people. That to me is worth more than going by row. Okay, so let's look at the same decision. What happens if you work on personal development and it works out well? What are the rewards? Well, you feel like you grew. You develop new skills. You become a communicator. You build the the ability to like rhetoric, like the ability to persuade people with the spoken word. You find a lot more about yourself. Your identity gets more defined. I found my voice in this world. And because I know who I am, I'm more confident and I care less about what people say about me. That's a pretty good one. Pretty good. So, if you repeat that, that's awesome. It's excellent. What happens if you don't achieve that? You learn because in life, you either win or you learn. So, it didn't work. Cool. It's an opportunity to learn. And if you keep paying attention to the lessons, you will eventually get there. I think that's more worthwhile. The flip. Okay. Uh this goes directly against what Brenda just said, so let's do it. Right. Uh, quality versus quantity. He goes quality matters, right? Didn't he say something like that? Chris gonna say something whatever. All right. I know that's not how he sounded. He's more monotone than that. Okay, we're friends, guys. We're friends. At least up until today. Okay. Are you familiar with this book, Art and Fear? Observations on the perils of art making. Okay. It's written by David Bales and Ted Orland. Okay. And there's an art experiment and it's been changed a little bit, but they they gave a an assignment to pottery students. And group one, they divided class in half. Group one, they said, "Hey, here's your only criteria. You're graded on how many pots you produce." And group two, the other half of the room, they said, "Hey, you're graded on one single piece. Go make a masterpiece." Okay? If you don't know the story, some of this might surprise you. Okay? So, let me just reiterate. Group A purely measured on how many pounds of pottery you make. Group B, just one. We're going to grade it to see how great it is. Here's the surprising result to all of this stuff. Okay. Now, you would think the ones had all this time to craft the most beautiful pot. And if you're a creative PE person, you always say, "If the client gave me more time, it would be better." That's a lie you tell yourself every single day. Okay? Because creativity expands or contracts to meet a deadline. That's how creativity works. Everything else is a lie or an excuse. Okay? So it turns out many of the students who were asked just to do one piece did not even complete one piece. Why? They were trapped by making the perfect thing because no such thing as a perfect thing. The better work consistently came from the other group who didn't even have the criteria of making perfect because there's a reason why because quality leads to quality. So we've been getting this wrong. I'm a designer classically trained. This is what they emphasize every single day into our brain. But luckily, I don't listen so good. Quality, quality, quality. No, I'm going to put in my reps. And I'll tell you why. Uh, this is a Tony Robbins quote. Repetition is the mother of skill. You got to do it over and over and over again. Because you are what you repeatedly do. Yes, that's why how you do one thing is how you do everything. Okay, just think about that. And then I added to this skill is the foundation of confidence. And would you like to be more confident? I would. Okay. It's the wish I would have for all of you is to be more confident in yourselves, in your decision-making, and who you show up to be online. Uh, one of my favorite people in the world, Jim Ran, said, "What you become in the pursuit of your goals is more important than the accomplishment itself." Do you understand that? What you become in the pursuit of virality or content creation is how who you become. So, goals are great. What's more important is the development that happens within you because no matter what happens at the end, no one can take this away from you. I think that's why we're at conferences like this. So we can learn something so we can take away having been transformed to live richer lives. Okay? It's the pursuit and not the goal itself. So I want to talk to you a little bit about alignment. Okay? Many years ago I'm in Las Vegas at a conference, a technology conference, and I'm meeting up with a former student of mine. He's an entrepreneur. He's doing really well. We're meeting up at some Las Vegas hotel bar. We're sitting down and having a meal. And he says to me before the waiter comes out and takes our order. He goes, "Chris, I noticed something about you. You seem really happy. Like you're almost glowing right now." I'm like, "I am?" He said, "What's going on? We haven't seen each other in a couple of years." Former student of mine. I said, "You know what, Greg? I think I've figured out the secret to my life." And I take out a little napkin. I said, "You have a pen? Give me something here." It's the cliche napkin drawing, right? And I drew something like this. Not this. This is AI. Okay. I drew three circles. I think I finally figured out my life in my 40s. Something that I love to do, something I'm really good at, and what the world needs. Cuz right around here in about 20145, a former classmate of mine invited me to make content on YouTube. You're thinking, YouTube was that moment, that inflection point in your life? That sounds super shallow. Well, I'll tell you why. Because for 15 years, I taught at Art Center. It filled my soul with joy. It recharged me all the way. But the problem was when I was teaching at school, they paid me $58 an hour. That was less money than I paid freelancers to work for me. So, what they were doing is they were tapping into my passion for teaching and they were saying, "Well, we'll pay you with passion." as the entrepreneur. I'm like, hm, that sounds like exploitation. And I did it for 15 years. So, if you want to criticize me for pursuing the money, you do something for 15 years where you don't get paid and tell me how you like it. On the other side, I was running my production company, making commercials and music videos for uh what Caitlyn was sharing with you all. I won't repeat that now. I made a lot of money. I made millions of dollars. Actually, I made a couple million dollars before I turned 25. But the corporate overlords always told me what to do. Oh, make it bigger. Oh, uh, that pixel, can you move it one pixel to the left? We don't like that shade of green. Can you make it more emerald? Oh, okay. Right. So, when my friend invited me to make YouTube content with him, I finally found something where I could merge all of the things that I love. Entrepreneurship. I love reading. I love teaching. I love drawing. I like comic books. I I consume pop culture, art, history, design, literature, everything. I get to combine everything about me and I get to put it out into the world and I'll figure out a way to make money. So, the first part, there's a reason why no circle exists on here that says make money. Because I believe when you find that sweet spot in the middle of all these things, the money comes. I suggest to you right now, if the money hasn't come, it's because one of these circles is missing or it's not complete. And I encourage you to investigate that. Okay, I have a story to share with you. Her name is Simona and she was my driver from Black Lane and she took me from my house to the airport in Los Angeles and Simona was this incredible Middle Eastern woman and I happened to be sitting in the front seat. I was just talking to her and she's super interesting. I'm like, "Hey, uh, what are your passions in life? What do you do?" She goes, "Well, I drive for work." I I'll put it here. I drive for work. My passion is I'm a hair stylist. I I love to do coloring and I speak 12 languages. My mind was blown. She goes, "Six fluently where I can read and write." I'm like, "This is amazing." And she owns five cars, so she owns her own chauffeur business. She owns two salons, sold one of them recently. And I said to her, Simona, are you familiar with this thing called the attention economy? Because what she was telling me sounded like the old me. The old me who did different things to satisfy different needs versus one thing that put them all together. She goes, "No." I was like, "Well, let me tell you about it." Okay. The attention economy, as some people would argue, is the economy. Whoever can control attention controls opportunities. Mr. Beast is here. He's arguably the most successful person doing this. And underneath a subset, this is my theory here. Underneath the attention economy is the gift or giving economy. Okay? Bear with me. It's a concept. I'm working on it. If you don't like it, again, no refunds, okay? The gift or giving economy is built on on like five principles, okay? or five ideas, not some principles that you give freely with no short-term expectations where all you're doing is to do it to build relationships, community, and strengthen social bonds. No money, we're doing it because it feels good to give. Yes. Okay. So what you're doing is in lie of getting money, you trade money, for time, their time, their attention, perhaps some status because you're the educator, you're the thought leader. You trade it maybe for support because people who do good things get support from other people. They give money, they support you, introduce you to people and for connection. So what you're doing is instead of getting money, you're getting social currency. Now, I want to share with you four creators that highlight this concept of the giving or the gift economy. Okay, really quickly. The first one is a person named the trip man. Does anybody know the trip man? Trip man's awesome. You know the trip man and you're already smiling. Why? Because the trip man, he he's a former lab technician. He just quit his job and he wants to drive Ubers. It's crazy. Remember, he's a lab technician. Okay? So he rigs his Ubers with lights, microphones, funny party lights, and a whole bit. And when you get in the car, before he drives you anywhere, he says, "Pick a song." And they pick a song, and they do karaoke. So on his account, he says he turns rides into singalong parties that pickups with personality, good vibes, and better playlists. That's on his bio. Okay. So his breakout moment was this song going to make you sweat. If you know that song, everybody dance now. 17 million views. Yeah. Wait a minute, Chris. Are you arguing against yourself now? Isn't that viral? It is viral as a byproduct of him being fully aligned with who he is. You all understand this? It's not like I think he woke up one day or maybe he did. Brandon's going to Brandon's going to break the door. I helped him. I coached it. What are you talking about? It could be. It's dangerous. I know. I'm going to roll the dice and hope it's not. Okay. But I love this thing because he's giving so freely. The amount of money he makes from an Uber fair is nothing compared to the amount of money that we support him with our views and then therefore the platforms give him money. Thousands of dollars versus hundreds of dollars or tens of dollars. Yes. Pretty cool. Yes. Okay. Next. Next one is a guy named Spencer B. SB mowing. Do you guys know Spencer? Yeah. You know everybody. You guys are really good. You're in the social media track. I understand. You got it. Okay. Um I'm I'm not sure about all these facts, but he has millions of followers. uh he was a Kansas state computer science grad and after working his miserable job for two to three years he quit and what he does he goes in and helps old people who can't afford lawn service with really nasty lawns to do the work for free and first they're a little skeptical like what free what do you mean no strings attached no strings attached remember the giftgiving economy no expectations so he does this and you know one of the videos get 100 million views that's a lot of money by doing good in the world. I think I'm in the right place to share this message with you. And the reaction, it's like sometimes it's like even a man like me might tear up a little bit or maybe got dusty in the room because it's like, "Oh my god, I can see my lawn again. This is pretty cool." Number three is a guy named Devin Rodriguez. Do you guys know Devon? He is the most followed uh visual artist on TikTok. Uh I saw Deon speak at Adobe Max. Pretty incredible story. He was arrested for graffiti at 13. He was rejected from art school and now he's the most followed visual artist. And some of his achievements is he's gotten to meet Oprah and uh Mel Robbins and and and Joe Biden drawing. That's pretty cool. And his breakout moment, as he explained, was he was sitting on the subway and he met this person who had the craziest tattoos and piercings like tongue split and the whole bit. Somebody who's usually misunderstood and he draws this person and he decides to have a conversation. Takes a little bit of time to draw. So he he infuses art with wanting to get to know people. That's pretty cool. Okay, one last one. Do you guys know this person, Chu Tuan? You must know this person. When I ran into this kind of like, what is this guy doing? He must be or something. I don't know. He's explosive. He's banging things, right? Same story over and over again. He's just helping people. And the success that he gets from doing this, I believe this is what he would be doing if he wasn't doing this. Okay. So, I'm going to ask you this really quick question. Uh I'm a little bit overtime. I I'll get off stage. I promise y'all. Vision, is it okay? Okay. Yes. I love the double thumbs up. I love that. Okay. So, I want to ask you this quick question. How might Simona participate in the giving economy? Some ideas online. Please type it in. We'll check later. >> Make haircuts in the car. >> Make haircuts in the car. Yes. Here's what I told her. Have you ever thought about driving uh like in a van to do coloring? She goes, "Yeah, but you know, it's a long drive." I'm like, "No, no, no. Here's what I think you need to do. you need to go into ethnic communities and talk to them and all of a sudden you speak Arabic or Farsy or whatever it is and they're like, "Wow." And you film that whole thing. Yeah, it's a $300 color job, but it's a $3,000 giving act. And it's really cool to see that. So eventually you can do this where you charge nothing and you just go to find really interesting people who are transforming the process when they see themselves differently. Isn't that wonderful? I don't know if she's going to do this, but it's my wish for her. And it's also my wish for all of you. Okay, remember how I said before like branding is about building trust at scale. Building trust at scale. I want to just introduce really quickly to this idea. Uh it it's a Francis Frey and Anne Morris wrote about this. It's called beginning with trust. If you want to have high trust factor, number one, you have to show up authentically as yourself. Are you who you pretend to be online? So we have to close the authenticity gap. Stop stop performing. Stop becoming a character or an avatar of yourself. Be the real you. Share real opinions and ideas. Okay. Number two, it's empathy. It's not empathy the way you think. We need to feel like you care about your audience more than your need to make money. This is really important. So, car salespeople not great. Time share salespeople not great at that. We know what they want. They want to meet their numbers more than they want to take care of us. Yes. Last one is you have to be logical. You have to be able to explain ideas in ways that are easy to follow. So I think the pursuit for you is to become a better educator to teach people. And my saying is this. If you want to reach more people, teach more people. Okay. Uh this is a quote from Alex Ramosi. You cannot wish for both strong character and an easy life. The price of each is the other. You want an easy life or you want to be have to have strong character. Okay, this is my full circle moment. Okay, it looks like I'm I'm like antiviral and like I don't want to be successful at all. I started a company, a YouTube channel called The Future in 2014. So, some quick stats for you. We've made over 2,000 videos, a gazillion hours, over a million dollars in revenue, and we've had 24 videos that have had million plus views. So, there's nothing wrong with going viral. Okay, that should not be the goal, though. Here's our number one highest performing video. Has 4 and a half million views. And the shorts, two short versions, one has 50 million and the recut of the same video has 44 million. Pretty cool. But the part I want to show to you is this part. Look at the gap between when we released it and when we went viral. We are the classic example of an overnight success story 10 years in the making. So you remember my friend Jody Cook. It's a series that I do and the format's called Man on the Street where I go up to people and ask them how much do you charge an hour? And do you know who told me to say that? Mr. Brendan Kane told me to say that. Okay. So, I'm going to end it with this quote before I get out of here. The person who loves walking will walk further than the person who loves the destination. I want to encourage all of you to just learn to love walking, to take that step, and keep taking that step because one day when you look up, you'll be surprised how far you've come. I'm out of time, everybody. Thank you very much. [applause and cheering] >> Thank you. >> Thank you, Craig. I got to give you this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @svenhance [2 likes]: Such a refreshing point of view. I like how you point out the negative side effects of going viral, feel like this is often left out by the experts. It is crazy how fast one starts following the masses when first producing content, just because it is "the way to do it and it works". But do you really want to feed the brain rot machine for short term success, or actually build something that lasts and helps people instead of harming them? This antiviral concept is much healthier and appropriate, but it probably will not hurt if your content is a little infective too :) Thank you Chris, good stuff as always!
  2. @deborah7270 [2 likes]: @22:00 to expect people who are primarily a web based audience to show up and be disappointed that only a few showed up is beyond me.
  3. @stacy_isa [2 likes]: for real, when I did videos that get 1k views they were not the smartest or best videos. They were just funny memes. All smart videos that I did got me like 50 views... But people who I cared about watched them and provided me with career opportunities that I needed. Virality can be a good exposure tool, but not the key point, I think. 
About quality/quantity, must disagree. I used to be impatient and satisfied with the canvas as soon as it gets covered with the paint. But the best results from me and students around came when we were consistently improving what we thought could be better. Same with product design. Go an extra step and see what happens. I better take a day to wait and look at my video in the morning before posting, because I might discover something that will make it already good. 
A video that took me a week to make still makes me proud after 2 years. While those I made in 2 hours I just want to delete. As always, balance matters, you must have your inner compas to tell you when to stop. But please, do not believe that quantity is the only thing that gives you quality.
  4. @nicte_lab [1 likes]: Thank you ❤ I always learn a lot from you 🩷
  5. @BiancaNeilsen [1 likes]: Excellent talk 👏 Grateful for you normalising and articulating this so well.
  6. @life_lived_well_8 [1 likes]: I am soooo glad to hear Chris talking about this. Such an important topic coming from an important thought leader.
  7. @Ms260394 [1 likes]: Love your content my friend
  8. @TheQuietReal1 [1 likes]: Just the notion of this resonates with me, just starting a channel with inmersive Ai music videos and want them to mean something and be a real journey. Meeting music how we used to in the 90s where the music videos was as important as the track itself. And feel myself being drawn into making Ai slop that just works with the algorithm. 

I feel trying to get viral is a sure fire way for my neurodivergent brain to reach burnout
  9. @theofficialgwiz [1 likes]: The crazy thing is the one time I went viral was just me authentically being me and telling a story of something cool I did. 😂
  10. @siliconBeachMirror [1 likes]: love it!
  11. @SimracingArnout: This is a good one, loved it dont like the skirt though, must be because I'm Dutch
  12. @ADPROFITS-e9i: why he is wearing a skirt ??
  13. @jeffhammerforteimpact: Truly appreciate the way you interact with your community. It shows.
  14. @gururavidasmaharaj8390: really makes me rethink my approach
  15. @kamrankhan-vx5mq: appreciate the fresh perspective on content
  16. @anku__sh__: i never thought about it this way
  17. @vikramkumar-c7y8o: wow this hits different
  18. @RohitDhara-ds6we: being a correct contrarian is hard because half the time people hear contrarian and assume you’re just being edgy. i liked the empathy + logic combo. Teract AI sounds like it’d help spot threads worth replying to.
  19. @antonioantonio8300: I love this guy , he says a lot but nothing at the same time.
Pretty much 40 + mins of bervorrea
  20. @Afterjamesproject: 2:28 as you subtly don’t give a F word I think you’d be proud of you, bro

- Viral Marketing Examples: 4 Campaigns Explained!: Kind: captions Language: en when a product goes viral is it because of the brand viral advertising or is it just luck well the truth is that this type of content usually has a well-designed viral strategy behind it but luck creativity and preparation also come into play so to better understand how to make a product or a brand go viral we'll break down the concept explain how a viral campaign works and show you some examples are you ready let's begin [Music] how does viral marketing exactly work viral marketing generates interest in a brand or product and therefore potential sales through messages that spread quickly from person to person the idea is that the users themselves choose to share the content due to their speed and the fact that they make sharing easy social networks are the perfect place for viral marketing a popular example is creating emotional funny or unique videos on tick tock or youtube which are then shared on facebook twitter instagram and any other channels now that you have a better idea of this technique let's see some examples of marketing campaigns that went viral number one ihop or ihob in 2018 with one single tweet ihop caused an online frenzy when they suggested that they were changing their name from ihop to ihop but no one knew what the b stood for for the next seven days the whole world was left guessing as to what the b could possibly stand for ihop's social media accounts played along with the speculation and fueled the fire online finally they revealed the hidden meeting b stood for burgers this caused ihop to receive over 113 million dollars in earned media and resulted in an increase in its burger sales while this campaign was slightly controversial at the time because some users felt that the reveal was overhyped there's no denying that it was a huge success two dumb ways to die in 2012 australia's metro trains wanted to find a way to encourage people to act safely around trains instead of going the traditional route of scary and off-putting ads mccann australia decided to let creativity fly and deliver the instant hint dumb ways to die in this animated video several characters appeared dying in different silly ways with a catchy song explaining the reason for each death i wonder what's this red button do dumb ways to die so many young ways to die and it's not until the end of the song that we see three train related deaths run place when the song finishes the campaign slogan appears and we see that it was a safety campaign around trains the video was shared worldwide and received over 60 million dollars in media impressions but most importantly the video's message caused people to be more aware of safety issues surrounding trains resulting in a 20 reduction in rail related accidents number three oreo some of the best viral content comes from seizing the moment perhaps the most famous example of this is oreo's dunk in the dark tweet during the 2013 super bowl if you don't know what this is about in the 2013 super bowl there is a crisis moment when a blackout happened in the middle of the game it lasted more than half an hour and when the power went back on the game had already finished so what does this have to do with oreo well oreo saw an opportunity and took it oreo's twitter account made a post saying power out no problem you can still dunk in the dark along with a picture of an oreo being what lightens the dark oreo has had the same slogan for many years twist lick and dunk so with this blackout incident oreo is able to put a twist in it with creativity as you don't have much to do during a blackout one of the easiest things you can do is enjoy your oreos with a glass of milk in the dark this became one of the most buzzworthy ads of the 2013 super bowl and it wasn't even a commercial the tweet went obviously viral and received thousands of retweets and likes both on twitter and facebook oreo also gained thousands of followers on different social media platforms and many users created content about it while content like this can't be planned it's the quick thinking and creativity that made this tweet so popular number four the ice bucket challenge a few years ago the als association launched the ice bucket challenge to raise awareness of the condition and funds for medical research the challenge consisted of filming yourself pouring a bucket of ice water over your head and then nominating three other people to follow suit you have 24 hours to respond you're gonna donate a hundred dollars to the als foundation here we good go guys let's do this millions of people around the world rose up to the challenge including celebrities like oprah bill gates and donatella versace besides the viral challenge that reached all the social media platforms including youtube what really matters is that the campaign was a great success receiving over 115 million dollars in donations however virality can be a double-edged sword it's important to remember that in this type of campaign a large part of the control falls into the hands of the users and there is a risk that the message can be misinterpreted on the other hand a successful viral campaign can work miracles for your brand you might have heard of guerilla marketing though it's similar to viral marketing it's not exactly the same thing while bioware marketing is all about users spreading your content organically and quickly guerrilla marketing is all about shattering conventional marketing methods and reaching users without using traditional outlets in other words the aim of gorilla marketing is to ambush the viewer and build publicity whereas viral marketing seeks to generate the organic and voluntary distribution of content from users how does a viral campaign work in theory a viral marketing campaign is very simple to carry out you create a video or other content that is attractive to your target audience put it on the internet and promote it from there all you can do is wait for the fuse to light and for users to start sharing like crazy in some cases virality happens by accident for example when a video is uploaded by a private user that all of a sudden becomes popular and begins to circulate all over the internet as for the dispersion strategy for brand videos there are two types visible and concealed in visible dispersion users are aware from the moment that they start watching the video that they are reviewing advertising or branded content from a specific brand whereas when it's concealed the participation of the brand is only revealed at the end if you apply concealed marketing techniques it is important to be very careful that the user does not feel tricked cheated or deceived no matter what strategy you choose remember to never become spammy or go overboard with your content instead of repeating your message over and over the best strategy is to find a good place in time and let the viral fuse light itself what are the main advantages of viral marketing one first of all the low cost what characterizes viral campaigns is that the users do a significant part of the work for the brand which drastically cuts down distribution costs it is unnecessary to buy advertising or media space if users are already sharing your content two it's potential to reach a lot of users a viral video on the internet has the ability to reach a huge international audience without having to invest a ton of money or make an extra effort due to this a small company or even a private individual can go viral three it is not invasive in viral marketing the social media user is the one making the decision to participate and share content so it lessens the possibility of the brand coming across as invasive because of this the perception of the brand and the interaction are significantly better compared to more typical forms of advertising four it helps build your brand if you are behind a creative viral campaign users will learn about you and develop a personal connection with your brand as you can see virality can't be controlled but it can be pursued if you want to create a viral campaign make sure to come up with new and creative ways to launch your product or brand and make people know about you if you like this video give us a thumbs up and leave a comment and subscribe to our channel if you haven't already see you soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @maestrotutorials8543 [6 likes]: useful video thank you
  2. @fahadamer9537 [1 likes]: I just learned that "Dumb ways to die" is a song about trains related deaths 😂
  3. @JoonasKuusk [1 likes]: This channel is becoming my go-to for all business stuff.
  4. @SuzanFravel [1 likes]: Very instructive
  5. @AlpacaEmperor [1 likes]: I learned nothing
  6. @dellsmith6026 [1 likes]: Thanks for video I'm trying my best to master this Viral marketing strategy for my agency 👍🏻
  7. @JanSvoboda-m7h: This makes me want to finally start my business!
  8. @RomanStepanek-v7w: good
  9. @MadisAun: good
  10. @AndreiPopescu-x9k5o: 😮😮🤩
  11. @WłodzimierzCzapla: These campaigns didn’t just sell — they lived rent-free in our heads. Marketing like this should be illegal. 😮‍💨📈
  12. @researchereye: Is this reader a bot?
  13. @jlyap888: Super duper useful, thanks you for the video
  14. @sinanderis: Can you breakdown how you are calculating the earned media dollars per campaign?
  15. @prashantraghav9342: You are beautiful mam
  16. @maggiefoster8530: Great help. Thank you!
  17. @drshyjumarar: Couldn't have your contact for further communication?

- The Best Marketing Ever | Art Of Selling | NEURO MARKETING | SHOT BY SHOT: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] products are made in the factory but brands are created in the mind even though we consider ourselves logical and modern human beings the majority of our decisions are made by the ancient instinctive subconscious part of our brains sometimes referred to as our reptilian brain let's have an insight into one such example in the field of marketing in the 1970s Japan's economy was booming and Nestle was looking for the way to transform that into dollars obviously the option they chose was coffee but not so fast it was no secret that Japanese consumers loved tea greatly so Nestle tested the market cautiously before jumping in there an several focus group asking consumers from every age group what they thought of Nestle Coffee surprisingly everyone loved it all focus group came back incredibly positive Japanese consumers really liked the taste of coffee Nestle executives got excited and they shifted into high gear preparing a rollout plan to have coffee on every shelf in Japan huge sums were spent on marketing and distribution and coffee hit the market with a blast and then it wasn't as expected Nestle Coffee just wasn't selling in Japan is there anything more depressing than an empty coffee shop it made no sense every study showed that Nestle Coffee would be the next big thing but Japanese consumers stuck to tea Japanese consumers liked the taste of coffee but simply chose not to buy it faced with this challenging situation Nestle decided to bring in the superstar of marketing clutter repel clutter repeal was not your typical marketer for starters he was actually a child psychiatrist who had spent years working with autistic children but because of this experience he was convinced of one thing that people can't tell you what they really want he believed that the real desires that drove humans were unconscious ones and only very few people were aware enough to understand them clawed are called this is reptilian instinct an example of clutters work was with Jeeps latest models which hadn't been selling and the company couldn't understand why clutter came back with the oddest of suggestions go back to using round headlights clutter realized that for American consumers a Jeep meant freedom it was the symbol of Wild West of running free and equivalent to horse for Americans the Jeep was the modern horse when Jeep had changed their headlights shaped from round to square they had lost that connection because the headlights no longer looked like a horse's eyes Jeep changed it back and the sales went up unbelievably now back to Nestle in Japan when clutter arrived he was quick to understand that Japanese consumers had no connection to coffee no early childhood association Japanese kids grew up watching their parents drink tea lived with the smell of tea in the air and ate tea flavored snacks was it any surprise that as adults they chose tea over coffee so what did clutter recommend yes the coffee candies suddenly hordes of Japanese kids began to discover the taste of coffee through dozens of different candy types from there they eventually moved on to cold sugary coffee flavored drinks and then to lats and then before they knew it big steamy mugs of Nescafe coffee not bad for a market that wouldn't buy coffee just 40 years ago the key is no matter what story you tell make the buyer the hero

  Top Comments:
  1. @wakaastudio [101 likes]: Recently, I discovered a fascinating book that delves into a topic I've been exploring. It offers unique insights that set it apart from others. It breaks down the psychology behind the marketing strategies employed by leading marketers today, complete with practical examples. The title is Don't Buy This Book - Marketing Secrets, and interestingly, it has been banned in many countries. I stumbled upon it on the baluter books website. You might want to check it out!
  2. @amitkoyande [3 likes]: So you mean all adults all of a sudden started eating coffee candies first? 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
  3. @DevnaJaiswal [2 likes]: Upfront payments for quality leads and marketing are too pricey, and I can't afford it. I need a service where I only pay for results. Any ideas?
  4. @Thestudionus [1 likes]: You rock and keep up the good work&rolls.
  5. @websitedesigner7158: Round headlights made the sales increase? are you sure.?
  6. @adamwill4029: People who still buy Nestle need to be eliminated
  7. @tvlabstudios: Good video, great info but the AI voice is just so bad :(
  8. @buzzboomer: I think the Nestle case study perfectly shows that traditional market research isn't enough. You have to understand the cultural and emotional connection people have to products. What's one product where you think the brand has a deep emotional connection with its customers?
  9. @pkb-m5l: We have only 3 sec
  10. @maneeshahooja: Informative. Thank you.
  11. @bappojappo-_-3986: and its all over my screen, another amazing video!
  12. @danielgaviria1751: Art of Manipulating
  13. @Luucky-888: 😮
  14. @UtkarshSrivastav-d4v: But it didn't worked in India, only for some areas
  15. @BQENews: Ugh the AI narration makes this almost unlistenable.
  16. @SuccessMindset2180: Without learning about consumers, there is no real company
  17. @breakoutbusinessenglish: I'm sure the video had good content, but for me I turned it off as soon as I heard the AI voice over. Sorry!
  18. @EMClipsHub: Informative!
  19. @laurilepp6304: This is what women are doing. They make men believe that they are heroes and for that feeling men give all their money to women 🤣
  20. @xrystalskyes2838: Fantastic content. Now apply this strategy to American films post Covid. What are our puppeteers seeding?

- How to Make VIRAL Ads That Make You Millions: Kind: captions Language: en This viral ad generated me over $34 million in sales and took the internet by storm. Look at this graph. It shows the cost to advertise on Facebook. Each year, it continues to go up and up and up, and things are only going to get worse unless something changes. And I probably shouldn't be sharing this with you, but today I'm going to let you steal my exact eight-step process of how to create ads that bully the algorithm, generate thousands of leads, and print profits with illegally high rorowes. starving. Yo yo, what's happening? First day of the massive sellerite crazy shoot. Going to be a big week. You guys always ask me what goes into behind these shoots. I see your ads following me around all over the internet. I'm going to give you guys the behindthescenes source this week. So, any good ad all begins with the research. Whether it's a written ad or it's a video that you're putting together, it all starts down with the words that it is that you're writing. It's what separates the pros and the amateurs. An amateur will use a template and they'll start to go in and just configure things and they'll figure out how to say things. They'll use hyperbol and a lot of buzzwords. What gets people to buy is really diving inside the brain of our dream prospect. What is that bruised knee? When you know exactly what those things are, you can speak to them in a very direct way. Marketers, they spend all of their time in the ads manager pressing buttons like little geeks thinking that's where the rorowaz is hiding. 80% of ad performance is done in the creative and that all starts with understanding your prospect and doing your research. But all the tricks in the world won't mean anything if you are constantly guessing what your customers want. I have something called the halo strategy and it is a worksheet where I am constantly keeping my finger on the pulse of exactly what my market wants. I'm looking at what other people are saying, what are the new products and technology that it is that they're buying. So, I can intimately understand when the market shifts, I know how to change my ads and my copy to specifically address those things. I'm not oblivious to what's going on inside the mind of my prospect. The reason why my first viral ad made me $34 million is that I spoke directly to my market's pain points. People had grown tired of other marketing agencies promising the world and not delivering results. So, I spoke directly to that multiple times throughout the ad copy. They said all I needed was a new logo and some more exposure. 6 months later, my entire marketing budget was submerged. Hey, you. Because all you want to do is figure out what are the pain points that it is that your market has and then solve them in a way that is unique. And the only way to figure out if you can solve it in a way that is unique is by intimately understanding what all the other alternatives are and all the ads that they're exposed to and what is it that they're seeing and what are the claims that other people are making. And a great place to find all of this information is Reddit. And basically what we're looking at is for anything that is a very long emotionally charged comment. We want people that have put a lot of thought into these things. Then what we want to do is take the exact words that it is that these people are using. We're speaking to the market in the exact language that it is that they want. So we have just arrived at Versace. We're here to pick up some outrageous drip. I'm getting this big bright red bathrobe. It's all these little details that make the ad pop and make it different. Facebook groups is incredible. A lot of these Facebook groups have anywhere between 80,000 up to millions of people in these groups that are posting every single day, keeping an eye out for certain things that they're saying, whether it's about other solutions that are in the marketplace, pains and fears that they have, or the things that they're hoping to achieve. Another amazing plugin to use is called discussions. It's a Chrome extension for Google. Allows you to go on Google and it will only show you results that are forums and that are discussions. And then you can go into those forums and again an absolute treasure chest of information. Don't just go to one place. Go to multiple different sources in order to do your research. You want to take all of this and put it into your research document. And you do not alter it. You just want to copy and paste the exact language that you can see. In addition to this, if you're already out there and you've got a bunch of customers, you want to basically do an export of all of your customer service emails. Then you take those customer service emails, you throw them up into chat GBT, and you ask it to tell you what are the top five common pains and benefits that people get from these products. What's a really key insight here is not to try and talk to absolutely all of those things. Try to boil it down to the one thing. Like they will all be symptoms to one problem that it is that they're trying to solve. And that's the thing that you want to wrap your whole ad around. It's something that I call the bullseye. It exists in every single marketplace. And when you hit it, it's what causes an ad to pull its freaking head off. But all the research in the world will go to waste if you can't hijack attention. Oh my. I am going to be picking you up, chicken. I know that I am competing with the chaotic blizzard that is the internet. That is the news feed. Think about your newsfeed and how wild it is. If it's just me in a normal setting, it's not enough to interrupt the scroll. You really need to be doing something wild. So, if you see a dude in an office walking by with a chicken in his hand, you're going to stop and you're going to click on the sound and you're going to see what is this all about. Got a visual pattern interrupt and then you've also got auditory interrupt as well. We're going to be combining both of them as just like that visual. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This guy, Academy Award winner, Matteo, the great. Seriously, look, if this all sounds like a lot of work, it's because it is. And I have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on ads to try and figure all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. So, if you just want to get the cheat codes, well, I have developed my own AI software. I have loaded it up with over $7.8 billion worth of rorowaz, best performing headlines, CTAs, all of the things that you can imagine from creative to copy. You can get the link for that in the description. Now, back to the video. So whether it is a static image ad or a video ad, the lens that I always look through is how do I hijack the attention of my marketplace? So I want to think about what is the most outrageous visual grabber that when someone's thumbming through their news feed and they're having a look through, they're like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this thing?" How do we feel about the tackle? Uh, yeah, not too bad. Hit him hard enough? Probably not. No, I probably hit him a lot harder. What is this guy doing? He's running around with small people. He's wearing a bathrobe. No one does that stuff. People pay attention to things that are different. That's a good shot. The thing that you want to be doing is the absolute opposite to what everybody else is doing. And I know from studying the market, they're not going to be shoving chilies up their ass or running across Lego and wearing red bathroes. But patent interrupts aren't enough. It needs to resonate with things that your audience already cares about. There is two frameworks that I use to do this. The first one is a pattern match. You're thinking about what are the visual cues. What are some of the things that are going on that your prospect is exposed to every single day visually? When they see that, it triggers them. So, it might be if they're an e-commerce business, a Shopify dashboard. If they're a Facebook media buyer, the Facebook ads manager. What that does is it signals to people that this is something that is of interest to me. you are calling out to that person by using something that they have an identity to to trigger them and go, "Yo, this is something that you need to pay attention to." And so when it comes to this ad, we start straight out of the gate with really a pattern match. This is the algorithm secret source. Drink it. Everybody online thinks that the growth of their business lies in some secret algorithm hack that they just need to know some certain campaign structure in Facebook ads and all of their problems are going to disappear. What have we done? We have dramatized that to the absolute nth degree and said that the secret algorithm hack lies in Mark Zuckerberg's blood. And that I'm being forcefed that blood by little people. And I am empathizing with my audience. And I'm saying growing a business is really hard. Really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. It's like sticking a ghost pepper up your ass and walking barefoot on a trail of Lego. Immediately they get visuals of what that looks like. Then we go hyper specific, especially when you approach it like most people do through trial and error. So, I'm using all of these things to emphasize with my prospect that I know I know the problem that it is that you've got. The way that you can do this for your ads by specifically looking at that swipe file that you created with all of your competitors in there and look at the claims that they are making and understand that they have been made those claims before but still here they are with the same problem. And the second framework that I use is what we call a pattern interrupt. So we just did location number one, me and the little people. We are now at location number two and we're shooting a scene here. with my wife, with my kids. But even the best hook in the world will fall flat if your ad fatigues in a week, and you don't have any backups. Why are we doing so many hooks? And when you shoot a production of this size, you don't want to have everything resting on just like one hook. The way that I do it is I'll shoot 10 to 12 hooks for one ad. I might launch with one or two hooks, and then when those fatigue, and people think that they've seen the ad cuz they only watch the first 15 seconds, boom, we roll out the next hook. Boom, we roll out the next hook. Growing a business is hard. really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. It is. It seriously is. This is simply to give longevity to the campaign. One week of production, you shoot multiple hooks and I'll be running this ad for a year, maybe even 2 years. When people are online, they're in a pattern and they know what an ad looks like and they know what to expect by what all of your competitors are doing in the marketplace. In order to interrupt that pattern, then it needs to be different. This is the money shot right here. Oh, we forgot the oil. It's got to be glistening. This better be organic. Is this going on YouTube or one of those other subscription services? Oh, this is only But most people think that the patent interrupt just happens in the hook that they can just say something outrageous out the gate and then that's all that they need to do. No, no, no, no, no. A patent interrupt needs to happen at multiple times throughout an ad. You might interrupt somebody's pattern to get their attention and to then get them to consuming your ad. But then as they start to go through it, whether it's written copy or it's a video, they're just going to go into zombie land and they're going to tune out and they're going to be like, "I'm in an ad now." And they're going to enter into another pattern. And just when they do that, then they stop paying attention. So then we need to hit them with another pattern interrupt to get them rehooked back into the messaging that we're saying. in that red Versace robe. Another visual patent interrupted. Patent after patent after patent interrupt. So, we're doing a shoot tomorrow in the office, King Kong HQ. Plus, we've rented out a cafe. The lengths that this guy goes to, they don't call me the internet daddy for nothing, baby. Now, you might be thinking like, how do I come up with all these crazy ideas, sub like for my own ads, how do I do it? Well, I'm going to tell you how to do it. Just like we keep a swipe file for all of the competitors and all of their ads, you also want to keep another swipe file and pay attention to anything that hijacks your attention. Whenever you see something winks at you, copy it, screenshot it, and keep it for future reference. You're going to be harvesting all the things that one, get your attention, and then two, all of the patterns that you're seeing coming up. You want to document all of those softwares, all of the images, the websites, the interfaces that your market is going to be exposed to on a daily basis. And you want to keep a folder for each. So you know that you can either use them as a pattern match or you can know what the the patterns look like so that you can then use a big weird visual to interrupt that pattern. But having a killer sales pitch means nothing if you don't know how to sell against all the other alternatives that have already failed your prospect. When it comes to putting together ads that just go completely batshit nuclear, you are not trying to sell your product. A very powerful frame is just selling exist out in the marketplace. And I did that on purpose in my internet gods campaign because if you skip over what they've already tried, then you lose them. You have to name it and frame it and then show them how you are different or they'll just assume it's more of the same. The problem is that most people treat every lead like the 3% that are looking to buy. Now, that's a stupid idea. It's going to zero because the chances are that this is not the first time that they've experienced this problem or this is not the first time that they've been looking to buy something to solve this problem. And if you just ignore that that they have tried these other options and you just try to sell your thing, you're never going to sell it. You need to be very very clear to the prospect that you understand all the alternatives that exist. And when you do that in a very clear and compelling way, you'll be creating ads with illegally high rorowaz and getting more customers than you know what to do with. Your boy is about to get zipped up in a body bag and swung against a tree by the man that's holding that camera. Very excited to do so. Great. And if you liked these principles, you're going to love this video that I made on everything that I know about marketing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @eamonshields2754 [1 likes]: Awesome stuff
  2. @Shubhh11.11 [1 likes]: yeah, and you'd share your key strategy here in public... right, nothing fishy about it
  3. @JonathanSmith-r4m [1 likes]: 9:04  just say dwarves.
  4. @JorgeMoron-x3q [1 likes]: Ma angas mag salita 300K lng pala followers nya
  5. @JordanRPark: No clue how this video does not have more views.
  6. @RudolphKiehn: This is so usefull, Thank u
  7. @janmalin5652: :medal-yellow-first-red:
  8. @Apfelkuechle: great but I don`t have your resources. How can I make an ad for my shopify?
  9. @AdamLacki-d1w: Bro the first 5 minutes alone are GOLD.... Solid advice thank you bro I hope I succeed with my online entrepreneurship... Just getting started 🎉
  10. @WillSlaton: ‘Hyper bowl’??? When talking about what to write and say in an ad?!? 😂😂😂 It’s pronounced hyper-bolly… LOL
  11. @slayerofbots: Pure marketing gold 🤑
  12. @SamanthaDlabaj: Actionable advice and a fun watch! This is the kind of content that makes you actually want to learn marketing.
  13. @readymade-videos: Excellent breakdown — too many ads forget the human touch.
In my experience, simple story-based videos convert best, even for local businesses.
Do you think authenticity is finally beating high production value?
  14. @advizeraint: Easier to do when you have a + 50k dollars production team to make an ad.
  15. @آرمجيدونجيشالشام: Bro why ru in my feed wasting my time promoting ur shit product that will make you richer
  16. @RemakeRelove: Love the insight and advice. Wondering how to apply this for B2B audiences, specifically professional services? Are you able to provide any advice please?
  17. @CandyColorsVideos: There is a typo in the ALL ALTERNATIVES THAT EXISIT frame
  18. @Youngmusclecoaching: Holly fuk. That’s a lot.
  19. @youngamomusic9950: I've created four shorts of random written posts on Facebook and the first one was difficult to record, the second reel was even more difficult to do because it was something new to me. the third reel was easier than the first one and the fourth made me a little bit afraid to post because I did it all in one day. I JUST NEED TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP ON ADS USING DISCUSSIONS
  20. @BeamWindowCleaning: great vid thx

- What Makes Content Go Viral? | Viral Marketing Strategy Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine launching a campaign that spreads across&nbsp; the world without spending millions on ads. People&nbsp;&nbsp; share it with their friends, post it on social&nbsp; media, and within days, millions have seen it.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s not luck—that’s viral marketing. Viral&nbsp; marketing is when content spreads rapidly from&nbsp;&nbsp; person to person, much like a virus, driven&nbsp; by sharing, engagement, and network effects.&nbsp; Unlike traditional marketing, where&nbsp; companies push messages to audiences,&nbsp;&nbsp; viral marketing relies on people spreading the&nbsp; message themselves. For something to go viral,&nbsp;&nbsp; it needs to trigger strong reactions—emotion,&nbsp; surprise, humor, or inspiration. When people feel&nbsp;&nbsp; something, they are more likely to share it. This&nbsp; is why many viral campaigns focus on storytelling&nbsp;&nbsp; or unique ideas rather than direct promotion. A key concept behind viral marketing is the&nbsp;&nbsp; network effect. When one person shares content,&nbsp; it reaches multiple others, and if even a small&nbsp;&nbsp; percentage of those people share it again, the&nbsp; reach grows exponentially. Platforms like TikTok,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube, and Instagram make this process&nbsp; even faster by promoting engaging content&nbsp;&nbsp; to wider audiences through algorithms. One of the most famous examples of viral&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing is the Ice Bucket Challenge. What&nbsp; started as a simple idea—pouring a bucket&nbsp;&nbsp; of ice water over your head—quickly turned into a&nbsp; global movement. Millions of people participated,&nbsp;&nbsp; including celebrities, and the campaign&nbsp; raised massive awareness and funds for&nbsp;&nbsp; ALS research. The key was simplicity,&nbsp; participation, and a clear call to action.&nbsp; Another example is how brands create shareable&nbsp; content. Companies often design campaigns that&nbsp;&nbsp; are entertaining, relatable, or surprising enough&nbsp; that people naturally want to share them. This&nbsp;&nbsp; could be a funny video, a powerful message, or&nbsp; a creative challenge that invites participation.&nbsp; Viral marketing works best when it feels natural,&nbsp; not forced. Audiences can easily recognize when&nbsp;&nbsp; something is overly promotional, which reduces&nbsp; the likelihood of sharing. Successful viral&nbsp;&nbsp; campaigns blend content, emotion, and&nbsp; timing in a way that feels authentic.&nbsp; The power of viral marketing lies in its ability&nbsp; to achieve massive reach with relatively low&nbsp;&nbsp; cost. However, it is difficult to predict&nbsp; or control. Not every campaign goes viral,&nbsp;&nbsp; but when it does, the impact can be enormous.&nbsp; This is The Learning Studio, and in the next&nbsp;&nbsp; episode we will explore how pricing influences&nbsp; customer decisions through pricing psychology.

  Top Comments:
  1. @whiteboardlearningstudio: Let’s be honest:

Most people think viral content is luck.

👉 What do you think matters more?

A) Luck
B) Strategy

Pick ONE — and explain.

Because one of these can be controlled 👇

- Viral Stanley Cup TikTok Earns Woman Brand New Car: Kind: captions Language: en a viral video of a Stanley Cup ended up with a woman getting a brand new car the latest viral Saga started when Tik tocker Danielle Turner shared this video after her car caught on fire everybody's so concerned about if the Stanley spills but what about if it melts in a fire yesterday still has ice in it the clip instant ly went viral earning over 34 million views and thousands of comments calling for the Stanley Cup company to help a girl out for giving them such great free advertising and believe it or not Stanley thanked Turner in a huge way hey Danielle my name is teren Riley I'm the president of Stanley and we've all seen your video wow what an ordeal and we're all really glad you're safe I've seen a lot of comments that we should send you some Stanley while we're going to send you some Stanley but there's one more thing we've never done this before and we'll probably never do it again but we'd love to replace your vehicle so check your DMs for details thanks be safe cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @MsThe90 [13 likes]: He didn't look very happy saying that 😂😂😂
  2. @kane08021 [3 likes]: I think we need myth busters to look in on thus😅😂😅😂
  3. @Neil-ru7kw [2 likes]: Hell of a guy , hell of a product 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
  4. @MrsOhiothetuftest [2 likes]: Love this
  5. @veroh8A [2 likes]: The phone charger is still fine.  Be careful not to say the brand could be famous too.😅
  6. @BrysenMiller [1 likes]: On god its fake
  7. @LelynnsSquirrels [1 likes]: course she was already a TikToker.. it was all an orchestrated manipulating publicity stunt..
  8. @douxxnini [1 likes]: It could be fake
  9. @cristianmunoz2480 [1 likes]: This shit is obviously fake. It was an advertisement that succeeded because of all these people going crazy over that cup now
  10. @JimBeatman [1 likes]: Super fake lol
  11. @sjr2727 [1 likes]: and the birth of the stanley craze begins
  12. @SteveO2255 [1 likes]: So the cup is amazing for surviving, what about the cars cup holder or its plastic gear stick are they magicsl for surviving or could it be that the fire just wasnt as intense in the area where the cup was sitting?
  13. @count_varcolac: thats fake
  14. @mikemikola8293: Fake!
  15. @Seapearls-m5u: Way to  go Stanley. You’ve earned a few new customers iid say
  16. @yourdarkestfears1134: We're gonna need Stanley to send everyone in Steubenville OH a cup too now.  Since it apparently dodges bull€ts as well
  17. @YAZ-e4j: so i have one Qustion why the blastic handle on the mug did not malt on fair car???????
  18. @susanasaizlopez: stanley must start manufactureting stanly cars
  19. @Js-zx2wi: Kia at least it wasn't with the boys
  20. @jakel.1724: it’s gotta be tougher than the buttons and a lot of other things that didn’t melt. like on the dash. that’s closer to the fire.

- Viral Brand Expert: The Content Strategy Nobody Is Talking About: Kind: captions Language: en We're one of the only companies that have gone on Shark Tank twice, but also one of the most successful companies to come out of Shark Tank. So, if I were to build a brand today, this is the playbook I would use. >> Meet Kent Yashimura, one of the founders of Neurogum. He's built one of the fastest growing companies and is known as one of the biggest missed opportunities in Shark Tank history. >> I'm out. I'm out. >> Stinky poo poo. >> Until today. >> It's time to make this a billion dollar company. >> And in this episode, he's going to reveal his secrets to growing a viral business. If you're building a brand, the little spark from your diehard fans goes a very long way. It's not even about micro influencers anymore. You hear the term nano influencers. That's where you can start building a real movement. >> And how to win at social media so you can break through in any dream. Is Tik Tok still the best place to grow a brand right now? >> Tik Tok's very different now. Before you could create content and have infinite virality, and that's not the case anymore. I don't even know if I'm allowed to say this, but I'm going to say it anyways. >> Wait, what? >> Go do that. >> You heard him. The first two years of our business, we're reaching out to basically anyone that's willing to talk about us. We were posting every single day, multiple times a day. Our COO was helping us pack boxes, take it to the post office. My phone's blowing up 24/7 cuz I'm the customer service line. We didn't have any money, so I was doing hospital stays, you know, cuz I could get paid for doing experimental drugs until we got our first investor. So, we're on this super high. Joe Rogan just mentioned us. >> Neurogum really works. Oh, yeah. We go through four or five boxes of that stuff. >> Our phones are blowing up. We're getting orders like left and right. and we finally hit this national stage and then all of a sudden we got sued. >> So what happened next? >> If you're new here, we actually have this project where we pick one person and help make their dream a reality. And right now we are in the process of searching for that next dream, maybe even dreams to help support. Now, if this sounds like you and you have a big or small dream that you need support in, let us know down below in the comments and you might just hear from us. And before you do, just make sure that you are subscribed and check out the details and the instructions in the description below. All right, guys, let's get back to the video. I totally just lied. I forgot to say stick around until the end because we do do an entire breakdown of the whole conversation so you guys know all the takeaways in the anatomy of Ken's dream. All right, guys. Now, let's get back to the video. So, Kent, if I wanted to grow my brand in 2026, what would I need to do? I believe that nano influencers, not even micro influencers, nano influencers, people you trust, people that are your friends, are going to be the next stage in building trust, finding a smaller ecosystem of people that are going to create the spark for everyone else to find out about your product. Because those people that are dieh hard, that really love your product and believe in your brand and really consume it, those are the ones that lead to, you know, things like this, the anatomy of JP, like I'm here because of that, you know, like it's it's awesome, you know. So, I think there's going to be like a new movement where you could really build a pot in that way, I think, from tapping into like a small ecosystem and then growing from there. I think that's really encouraging because I think nowadays a lot of times it seems like the market is so oversaturated with these big content creators that it feels like it's impossible to break into the space or even possibly, you know, really make any noise. And I think ultimately to your point, our previous guest Natalie Barbaru, she was saying that like she doesn't even really go to the big content creators anymore. She just goes to her actual customers who maybe post occasionally online and that's way more effective for her. I think the biggest thing that people were doing back in the day is trying to tap into a pre-existing following that already had attention to it. So, celebrity brands were really big back in, you know, I I guess like pre2020s in a certain way before people got disillusioned by celebrities. Like, okay, the Kardashians dropped what their like 50th brand that they partner with. Like, I'm sure there's a group of people that care, but the reality is like most people are kind of tired of it. um PR and PR hacking was like a really big thing at a moment too because it was like a way to build credibility. Now I think there's a level of authenticity that people expect. It's not even about like micro influencers anymore. You hear the term nano influencers, you know, when people that you trust cuz you're saturated with so much like there's like everyone's trying to sell you something, you know, but if that friend that you trust is tapping in to a brand, like who do you relate with more than a person who you share experiences with versus that social media influencer that might have 200,000 followers, but you know really nothing about their lives beyond what you see on a screen. >> Yeah. So, Neurogum was announced as Tik Tok's fastest growing brand in 2024. >> What do you think that you guys did differently that got you there? >> The reality is at the end of 2023, our head of growth and I were like, "Oh my god, we need to post every single day and like figure this thing out." And so, for literally like the first half of 2024, we were posting every single day, multiple times a day, trying to figure out what's working, what's not, until finally a video hit. And we realize like, okay, if this video hit with this hook, how many iterations of that hook can we create to make that successful again, but reach more audiences. And then you keep going and lading all these different things. And then you start creating an army of people, which we eventually did of affiliates to do even more content. And now all of a sudden, you have like, you know, we have 25,000 plus affiliates working for us, creating millions and millions of different iterations on a monthly basis to see what's working and what's not. And then now the learning system is pretty insane, right? It's like a machine. >> You were tracking all of those hooks that you were creating. >> And we're tracking all those hooks. Yeah. >> So you guys were tracking all of that, leaning into what worked because you basically the funny thing is like you started a company and then then you realized you're like, "Oh my god, I have to become a professional content creator now." >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> So how are you guys managing that? Like how are you like managing actually going on social media and developing all these hooks, trying to see what works, marketing the product, but also working on the business side? I mean, the beauty of Tik Tok is it doesn't need to be crazy. Like, in fact, if you make it too polished, people actually don't watch it. So, if you have a camera and you have a voice, you're able to do anything. And you just have to get better every single day. Like anything else, you just practice every single day. I was terrible in front of the camera when I first started, you know, got better over time. Tik Tok's very different now. All >> Yeah, it's so different. >> I'm happy to talk about that, but it's like very different now. >> We need to talk about that. That was actually one of my questions. >> Sure, for sure. Sure. Um, so Tik Tok's pretty interesting and you know we talk about it with the Tik Tok team all the time because we consistently are a top product and they get feedback from us but um before middle of 2025 you could create content Tik Tok chop looks worked a lot like regular Tik Tok where you'll have infinite virality without having to spend a single dime. Now they basically stop your growth unless you spend money to break through and then they stop your growth again. So now it's trunch systems where you have to pay into virality if you are on Tik Tok shop. >> Oh my god. >> Yeah, it's terrible. They hate it. That's why all these companies are leaving. Like what's crazy is I don't even know if I'm allowed to say this, but I'm going to say it anyways. I I I think I can say it because they publicly said it to their creators. So if you're part of their creator network, we found out Force Factor. They're one of the fastest growing brands in January. They're moving off Tik Tok shop completely because they can't reach profitability now. It's crazy. >> Oh my gosh. >> And they're like a few hundred million dollars a year supplement brand. And like for us, I think we're one of the only brands that literally operate profitably on Tik Tok because we are able to keep breaking certain things and interact with the Tik Tok team in a certain way where it's like, no, we're not going to do like these mega discounts. No, we're not going to do X XYZ, you know. And then also with certain products, we realize we did a whole price breakdown of all of our SKs. What are the products that we want to push forward because we know that we're going to get incremental profitability on it versus the ones that we know aren't going to ever make profitability on Tik Tok. We just completely killed them. I think all these brands are trying to push everything they can on Tik Tok. Use Tik Tok as like an Amazon style marketplace. And that's not the case anymore. You need to be very specific about what products are going to work, what products are going to be the rotisserie chicken at Costco, you know, the lead gen product. So you could then drive communication through your creators, through everything else to uh the rest of your portfolio. >> Can you explain to me one more time like why is it that that is what works? >> Let's say you have three products. Keep it simple. Wintergreen, peppermint, and spearmint are three flavors of gum. But we realize that the people who buy the peppermint flavor are more likely to come back and buy the spearmint flavor. But someone that buys the winter green flavor is realistically just going to keep buying the wintergreen flavor or isn't willing to experiment and do bundles and buy multiple products. We will completely cut out wintergreen if that's the case because we know that person will go on Amazon and buy wintergreen. We know that they won't be on Tik Tok anymore. But that person that's buying peppermint that's going to come back to Tik Tok and then buy spearmint in the future, that's a really valuable customer and that's a really valuable product. Being able to understand the interactions that your customers have with your product and not just Tik Tok but like the platform whether it's Amazon, your website or Tik Tok becomes really important to be like, "Oh, these are my hero products here. This is my hero product here. There's my hero product here." And that's why I use the rotisserie chicken example at Costco. You know, the rotisserie chicken at Costco literally loses them money. The hot dog at Costco literally loses them money. It's been a $150 forever, right? But funny enough, the CEO of Costco is like, you know, I don't know if I'm allowed to curse on this podcast. Like, you change the price on that. I like, he's like, I will fire you right now. Like, he got that passionate about it knowing that there are some customers that will literally come to Costco, walk all the way to the back of the store to just buy the rotisserie chicken, and then they'll go and buy everything else on the way back, but they'd come to Costco just for that rotisserie chicken. So it's exactly the same and identifying that's so important. >> It really is I think understanding that persona, right? >> Yes. And that's the thing. It's like if you're just trying to acquire everyone, then you're never going to get that learning. When you speak to everyone, you speak to no one, right? So, and I think a lot of entrepreneurs try to do that. They create the product and they're like everyone's our audience. And it's like, you know, not to be that like not everyone's my friend. There's people I really don't like, you know, and you should honestly identify that. So at the beginning, who were you speaking to? Like what were you guys by saying at the beginning? >> So we launched on Reddit our neutropics. So we were always part of this like biohacker community. People were trying to optimize their body and mind and we played into those people initially. But then as we became a larger energy and focus brand that could go up against the Red Bulls and the monsters and rock stars of the world, we realized like I'm not trying to be a rock star, you know, or I don't want to be locked into 5 hours of energy when I'm stepping into like a meeting or just trying to do something. I'm just trying to get mentally sharp. And that's what we realize is the path that we could really play in because a lot of people want that. So if you find your nano influencers, your tribe, how people interact, you're closer with your customer because that's the community you're building and your community is giving you feedback, man. Especially if you're just starting your company, like don't worry about the revenue, you know, worry about like this is how my consumer interacts and that's how you can get really deep. There's a great tool in my life like name drop tools and stuff. >> Yes, go for it, please. >> There's a great tool we discovered kind of recently. It's called Outer Signal. >> Oo. Um, it digs through your email database and finds the people within like our customer ecosystem that I would have never found out about. It could even be this is a doctor that works at this hospital that's like one of the top hospitals in the United States. And now we could reach out to him directly and be like, "Hey, we love that you're a customer. Can we give you a product so you could recommend it to your patients or you could recommend it to your nurses?" >> Right? And these people are not trying to be influencers by any means, but their network, they have so much credibility in that's where you can start building a real movement. >> Absolutely. And it gives you information as to maybe you wouldn't have thought about, oh my god, there's an entire market that we could tap into. There I gives them that data point. And going back to you can utilize in your content creation. >> Oh yeah. >> So it's all interconnected. >> It's all interconnected. >> So what do you think is the biggest lie that people believe about growing online? The biggest lie. Um, oh my god, that's such a loaded question. One is I don't think you need to have a bunch of new to brand customers and, you know, try to get as many people as possible, burn your money, and you know, those days of people burning money at any cost to try to get a customer is gone. Instead of doing that, finding again the core consumers that you could really build off of, that you could really build relationships with, I think is so much more important. And yes, it might be a little bit slower. And yes, you might not be able to control it with ad spend, but eventually you are going to see that impact of community grow like 50fold when that point comes. I mean, we're in our 10th year, right? But when that moment hit because we were building community for the that first 5 years like it everything just skyrocketed. >> And so what would you say especially with social media like what are the metrics that you feel are most important to track? >> Man it's so hard to say because every single metric has a different uh purpose and they're all they're all important. I think the idea of impressions is really interesting. You could get a lot of impressions, but it doesn't mean they're impressions where people are actually paying attention, you know? And I'd rather have onetenth of the number of impressions, but people that are actually listening than having just empty eyeballs on something. We did a partnership with Show Speed, for example, in December. Insane number of impressions, 86 million impressions in literally a course of like two weeks to a month. Although those impressions were pretty incredible and it built credibility for us because speed is so big, our sales were very low attributed to speed. And only when we started retargeting in other ways were we able to make up for those impressions versus when Joe Rogan organically mentions us and it doesn't feel like an ad or it doesn't feel like a partnership. That's just been like one of our best moments. You know, the fact that Joe Rogan organically mentions us because he likes our product. like that's awesome, you know, and he keeps doing it over and over again. Like those are the moments when we really see impact in our business. And it goes back to the idea of the tribe that we were talking about earlier. Like the little spark from your diehard fans goes a very very long way. >> I completely agree with you that I think in 2026 especially the word community I think is really it something I like learned recently. I posted this one video in my pajamas on Tik Tok. Okay. And I haven't been able to crack Tik Tok for like two years. Okay. Like in like people are like, "Oh, just consistency." And I'm like, "Okay, well, I've tried that. Now what?" Cuz it's like nothing is working, right? Genuinely, like I did it for the purpose of I want to connect with other people who are like building their passion project right now. But I got the most amount of followers through that video that got like 15,000 views, but like it doubled. To that point, I'm curious like to you like what do you feel like for anyone that is starting right now, right? And they really want to build that community so that they can grow. What are the different ways that they could for your opinion? >> You you were talking about that Tik Tok video that went viral for you. You know, it's you in your pajamas speaking honestly from the heart and you're another person that's trying to achieve their dream. You're vulnerable. You're showing yourself and you're connecting with people that are feeling the exact same way as you versus you trying to sell something in some way, >> right? And you build connection and real relationships with these individuals. >> And in that sense, like you shouldn't be afraid to leverage your connections. You shouldn't be afraid to feel uh and share your vulnerabilities. And and again like going back to this idea of the nano influencer or the small tribe or just your group of friends don't try to be successful for everyone. You know if you could create a place where people can communicate on a shared belief something magical is going to come out of it. And that could be for Tik Tok and the creator ecosystem or it could just be a community of people that are really passionate about brain health you know about this. It's like you just have to create the ecosystem for people to be able to interact. So I have a little lightning round uh before we move on to our next section. So hot take on social media. >> It's evolving. I think people are becoming disillusioned to it and inerson events are going to become a lot more valuable in the future. >> What's the anatomy of a good hook? >> How are you capturing people's attention immediately? What's the problem you're solving immediately? There's like only so many ways that you could grab someone and be like I should listen in because it's either tapping into a um an unconscious fear and unconscious insecurity like a deep insecurity. Um, or if there's something that's like so culturally relevant, but it's like touching on attention, like something that you see in the news every single day, but like another angle on it. There's only so many ways that you could skin a hook, but how do you use that and make it relevant to who you are? >> What do you think about going live? Is this the future? Cuz I keep hearing people talking about going live. >> Yeah, I think lives are really important. It's funny because like lives are pretty expensive to run obviously. So, you know, a lot of people cut them out. We decided not to cut out lives at all and instead we like doubled down on it and we even built a studio here in Las Vegas to do all of our lives and we're trying to go longer. Lives are the most authentic way that you could interact with a consumer because it's not cutting, it's not editing, it is you in the moment. People are chatting with you and it's you being able to talk to them directly. And also on Tik Tok, if you click into a live, this is more of a technical thing, but if you are doing a live and someone clicks into it, you are now part of that company's retargeting algorithm. So you will start showing up way more on that person's feed if they decide to click into your live. So concurrent viewers become really, really okay. Important. >> And so if you were starting in 2026, would you still double up? Would you have gotten the studio if you had just started? >> Oh yeah, it's fastest way to get consumer feedback also, right? do lives for a few hours a day and then focus on the business the rest of the day. >> And this is specifically if they have a product. Do you think that this is relevant for anybody who wants to be on on social media or do you think this is specifically for anyone who has a a brand? If >> if you're not being interactive with your live, then it's not going to work. But if you are truly using live as a means of showing up and being heard for your customers and vice versa, there's a lot of value in that. I have a friend that's a calligrapher that I paint murals with. He goes and just does calligraphy of people's names every single day. It's kind of crazy. Like within a month he had like 30,000 followers and he was just going live every single day twice a day at the same time. It was like when he woke up and before he went to bed and people would show up and he was just writing their names. It's like what better way to interact with people than like actually live. >> So walk me through cuz so being interactive, what else is the key to making a good live? >> Interactive. Are you offering something like not just a product because people could buy products on their own by going to the product page, but are you doing giveaways? Like what's special about your live where you're adding on to just the product experience? You know, we bring guests onto our live. Like we did a live with Steve Aoki, you know, we do founder lives all the time. Mitchell Hooper we did a live with and he's the world's strongest man. So like visually he literally takes up the whole screen, right? like how are you creating engagement in a way where people are like I want to pay attention to what this is you know when it shows up in your feed. >> What's crazy is I've heard with lives I think Alex Herozi was the one who was talking about this. I think he got this information from Mr. obvious if I'm not incorrect, but he was saying that um they were at a game and first the A-list celebrities came out and the applause was pretty big, but then came out the shorts creators. The applause was even bigger and then came out the long form creators like the podcasters, right? And then the applause was even bigger than that. And then came out the live content creators and the applause was crazy crazy >> and he was saying of course it's like you're spending much more time with these individuals so the fan base is a lot stronger, right? It feels like you know this. I mean, if you're watching like Kai for like 8 hours a day >> unedited, >> you know that guy. >> Yeah. >> You know, there's nothing that he's hiding, >> right? >> It's pretty crazy. I mean, like, >> you know, I was telling I was just in Dubai with the Mr. Beast team because we're doing something with them. And when Mr. Beast walks around, it is like I'm with Ronaldo or something. It was crazy the security how people swarm him. And this is a guy that got his start on a platform where anyone can get their start on. and the possibilities when you start thinking about that it's it's it's so awesome like it's it's become democratized you know >> is Tik Tok still the best place to grow a brand right now especially with what you said >> honestly every platform is an opportunity like YouTube is amazing I'm on YouTube more than Netflix Hulu Paramount HBO Max combined you know it's also like the only subscription service I pay for which is me it's crazy right >> in short to answer your question there's There's opportunity on every single platform. You just have to identify uh what that platform's main purpose is. >> Do you think that you should be focusing on one? I know Caleb Rson talks about like he'll focus on one at a time and then he'll rotate once he got a handle of one. Do you suggest the same? >> Depends what you're trying to do. You know, like I love Caleb because, you know, she'll create like a 12-h hour course or something on digital ecosystem, you know, on YouTube. And that's a perfect start because for the people that really want to dive deep, they go to the YouTube channel, they follow him, and they want to like learn more about, you know, hooks or whatever. And then if they want to just get tidbits that he's sharing every single day, then there's all these other social channels. >> Last question here, and especially I'm thinking about someone just starting like maybe they have, let's say, like $10,000, right? Let's just put a random number. How should they distribute their marketing spend? I would literally spend all $10,000 not on any platform chasing a C. I would try to find a community in your backyard and build that first and make it so sick. $10,000 is a lot of money. >> That is Do you remember in high school there's that like one house party that was like so epic that you couldn't stop talking about it? That was us in high school with zero money. Go do that. That's what I would do. >> You heard him. Love it. All right. We have a principle about strategic partners and in this case, you know, it's a lot of the content creators that you guys are working with. Explain to me like how like chess, you guys still work with chess.com. >> Yeah. Magnus Carlson actually the greatest chess player in the world uh was chomping on our product while he won the speed chess championship this last weekend. >> Wow. >> Pretty awesome. >> And so how so how do you how do you like go into taking that data, you know, let's say you you go into your emails and all of that and how are you actually utilizing that information to shape your brand? So, it's interesting because like let's just take that moment for example because I wouldn't even call that a data point moment. I would call that a historical moment that we're capitalizing on. There is a Magnus Carlson chewing our product. Now, how do we tap into the chess ecosystem because we know that everyone has eyes on Magnus Carlson, right? If we were to look at data points though, I would take it a slightly different way. We went to chess.com not because of data points. We went to chess.com because it represented everything about the brain and performance and where our brain values lied. And we felt like if we partnered with them, there would be opportunities like Magnus Carlson chewing the neurogum. There would be opportunities similar to that that will arise inevitably. And lo and behold, they did. >> It's the association. >> It's the association. Same with Hundred Thieves. When we partnered with Hundred Thieves, we knew that gamers would be big. So when we decided to partner with them, it wasn't necessarily looking at data points being like, "Oh, we have so many gamers that chew our gum. I mean, we do, but it was more around brain values associated with a sport that applies. You have to be sharp mentally and mentally and physically." And then that tied into partnerships with Mongrel, Omar, like some of these people that are like now the top streamers in gaming, you know, like we wouldn't just partner with someone because they're a big name. like they truly have to live, breathe, love Neurogum. You use the word association. That's exactly it. Like how how you tying your brain values to a moment, to a team, to something and then working off that association. In any case, when anyone's building a brand, I think that a lot of times they think that branding is selling and it's, you know, like putting their logo at at every single possible opportunity that they can. But in reality, it's really focusing on these associations and like these like even just like these small things where people associate you to of course you can ass like like you know Nike like to your point could be associating to greatness to performance but in reality it's also association like the biggest association that they ever did was you know Michael Jordan right and so like that was the greatest of all time that like that was really what set them off that association >> and that was a crazy risk that he took also. >> Exactly. >> He associated with them. he associated with them and it's also crazy because Michael Jordan decided to turn down Adidas and be like I'm going to commit to these guys not just because of the deal they're giving me but because of something they represent. >> Yes. >> And it's like I mean it goes back to show you you are showing up in a certain way to be heard by people like a Michael Jordan in that instance. >> So speaking of those associations then you are also you have you know a a great great group of creators that are you said it's 25,000 you said >> something like that. That's a lot. That's a lot of associations. Do you know more or less how much they're making? >> Making a lot >> in millions. Hundreds of thousands. >> In the heyday, I would say at the peak when it was a little bit the platform was a little bit different. I mean, people could be making six figures. Yeah. In a month. >> Damn. >> Yeah. And then you're just like, did I go into the right field? Yeah. It's crazy. >> So, walk me through like especially in those early days where you just started working with other content creators. Like you did this from like a pretty early stage, right? Yeah, pretty early stage, you know, it all started with like what hooks work for us, like let's be in the trenches together. Let's make content every single day as our New Year's resolution. >> And you were sharing those hooks with those content creators. >> Oh, yeah. Absolutely. And seeing what works and what doesn't. Like even the orientation, I would show up on Zoom calls with them once a quarter and, you know, talk to our top creators. If there's no personal relationship that you're building or or even like a personal brand relationship you're building, these creators are just going to say whatever they want, right? Of course, because you're not guiding them. And in the same way, if you're not having that open dialogue, they're not going to come back to you and communicate with you on what's working, what's not, I'm getting this violation for this, I'm getting. And I think the key word here is relationship. You know, if I were to strip it down into like the most fundamental basis for how we work with our creators, it is making sure that they are happy, making sure that they are fed. And when I say fed, it's either through the incentives of what they're earning off what they share or through the content and finding moments that they can share so that they could create content off of it. And making sure that there's exciting things that are constantly coming their way so that they don't get bored of you. Like this year we knew that innovation was a really big thing. We had to come out with new products so that they could be pitching and creating new things. So we're coming out with, you know, new flavors, new innovations, new functions so that they could talk about it. We're partnering with moments, the Magnus Carlson moment that happened. Trying to find PR moments, community events, all these moments where they could talk about it. Doing community events where all those guys can meet up, you know, so that now they're all talking to each other, not just through a screen, but in person. and we sponsor that community event, you're asking a lot from these people. So, you have to give as much as they give you. And what we realize that a lot of these companies start to do is like because they're so desperate to try to get these creators, they would be doing sampling like here and there and then realize that most people are just there to get free stuff. You know, you could very easily run a very unprofitable Tik Tok business by just giving samples away to a million creators. So, unless you create a system where people are truly incentivized to create good content for you, most people are just going to be hovering around. And and that's like with anything in life, right? Like, if you're not incentivized to do great things in life, why would you even do it? I couldn't agree more. And so I'm I'm actually curious. What do you know about building a brand now that would have made you grow 10 times faster back when you >> Oh my gosh. I mean, there's so many things. Um, I think one of the key things is when most people first start, everything feels important. When I first started, I think I was so caught up in this idea that I need to work my way towards a solution. I need to be the struggling artist to create good work. And the reality is what I was doing was working so much and trying to do everything and putting prioritization on everything and I was like burning myself out. But the reality is, you know, in retrospect, I don't think I need to make as many of those sacrifices. You've probably heard of the idea of Pareto principle. >> Mhm. >> The Pareto principle is 20% of the things that you do make up 80% of the impact of the thing that you're trying to do. So if you focus on that 20% for the 80% impact, that's way less work for way more impact. >> What was the 20% for you? >> The 20% for me was realizing what customer was the most important. How do we speak to them? How do we show up as a brand, you know, and making sure our brand looks nice to them? And then elevating from there instead of just trying to bulk sell a product. So, we operate off a simple pillar system. >> On in this interview, you may have heard Kent mention them. That's not how I should do it. >> I just think it sounds very mid rolly. We need to go big. >> This video is sponsored by Outer Signal. Your business sales are about to be out of this world. >> Tiff, is there a way maybe you can explain that in an entertaining way? >> All right. Outer signal. Wait, wait. Outer Signal is out of this world because you are going to be able to know all the information about your customer. And the second that Kent literally told us about Outer Signal, we reached out to them and now they are a sponsor of today's video. I just it feels not genuine. And I think that's like sounds like an ad read. I get >> like >> their website does a great job. So, how can we entertain? >> I think we have to mention the fact that you can analyze by age, occupation, property value. On a side note, I really do think that we should start having our clients use this. If Kent's using it, then >> yeah, I mean Kent's literally using it. Maybe we could try to find a way to mention this, but like the thing that Adder Signal does is that it literally gives you information that generally I don't think that people know about their customers. Like you would be able to understand what kinds of consumers are really attracted to your brand, how many times they purchase. It's going to give you data that you normally wouldn't deduce on your own. If you have this information, you're going to be able to make better commercials, potentially even reach out and do a collab with them, right? But like, I don't even know how we're going to make that sound organic. You know what I'm saying? >> This was pretty organic. Why don't we just use that? >> Use what? >> And we just go outer signal link in description. Always wanted to say that. >> So, we operate off a simple pillar system. And if you could identify the three things in your company that are going to make the most impact, then you should focus on those three things. And not only that, that framework is scalable to whether you're doing $500,000 a year or doing over hund00 million a year. >> Let's rewind. >> You've had like so many lives. Okay. Just a few bullet points. What are some of the things that you did before Neurogram? Just like take us through that journey because I think it's fascinating. >> Oh man. I was on a path to be a professional fighter since I was like 5 years old. I've been doing martial arts. So I used to fight in Thailand since like the age of 16 traveling. I used to train judo with the Japanese Olympic judo team and like the number one collegiate team in Japan in judo. And then I got really into neuroscience, you know, I wanted to understand like again this idea of the mind and the body. So I began majoring in neuroscience at UC San Diego while I was training, which is how I discovered the world of neutropics, supplementation, and diving deeper into what's working for not just my body, but also my mind so I can perform at my best inside and outside sports and school. After that, I realized I really wanted to get back into my creative side and that's when I got into film and then started making commercials. Um, then started illustrating children's books. Then did the children's branding for the coffee and tea leaf. Became friends with the CEO of the coffee and tea leaf and went to work in his new venture after coffee and tea leaf sold uh at Sony Music. So, we were making music for film and television. Realized that I hated working in the music industry cuz I had some crazy stories from that era of my life that I started doing illustration again. but bigger. So, I started painting murals. I've painted over 100 murals around the world. >> And you made the like the biggest mural in Shanghai. Is that >> Yeah, I painted the largest mural in Shanghai. Yeah, it's right next to Hong Xiao airport. Yeah, I've just paint a lot of these big murals, you know, and then Sergeant Yurum during that time uh with my co-founder Ryan. He's one of the most inspirational people in the world, you know, one of the fastest runners in California. C from his cross country and track team and then got in a really bad snowboarding accident that left him paralyzed from the waist down. But his injury didn't stop him from becoming an incredible parolympic athlete again. He went on to train with the parolympic team, creating this business with me in Neurogum, uh traveling around the world. Like he's one of the most independent people you'll ever meet. It's it's incredible. >> So he gets in this accident, you start giving him like supplements. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I was mixing supplements in my room when I was studying neuroscience and realizing that there wasn't really anything that was really benefiting mind and body. So, I got into the world of neutropics which I discovered through Tim Ferrris of all people um not personally but through his books and I began researching became a really big contributor to Reddit our neutropics and was part of this small tribe of people that was testing different supplementation and seeing how it worked. And funny enough, that was what I gave Ryan in pill format. And on a scuba diving trip, we both realized taking pills in public doesn't really fit this value of friendship, sharability, accessibility, all these things that we would want in something that gives us energy and focus. And it was obvious that gum and mints was the format that would allow us to do that. Something that's so sharable, something that freshens your breath. That was almost like the core of wow like we could spread this to our peers if we create a new format which became neurogum. >> And how long did it take to get from idea to execution? >> Idea v1 was probably a few months but >> that's fast. >> It was fast. I mean you know back in the day like Google was your best friend. So we were just googling a bunch of manufacturers calling and seeing who would make our product cuz no one was doing stuff like this. And there was like one small mom and pop company that was like, "You guys are really nice. I'll take this project on." And they're still our manufacturer. >> No way. >> It's crazy. Yeah. >> Oh my god, that makes me so happy. >> Oh, they're awesome. They're great partners. >> It's clear that you guys were really intentional in terms of the data points, >> data, consumer insights, what's working, what's not. Um, yeah. Yeah. All that >> Were you also like taking that feedback of like what's working and adjusting the product in in any with that feedback or >> We went through 26 iterations of our product. We were handing it out. But we were getting feedback. They didn't like the taste of it or it didn't work or this like we're adjusting different things. And the customer service line for Nuro was my phone number. I was getting phone calls literally all freaking day and night. So there was like immediate iteration that I was able to do. But that was such a valuable moment because I got to hear firsthand from every single customer that tried us what they liked about it and most of the time what they didn't like about it, right? Because that's why they're calling. and being like, "Okay, you know what? Like person A, you are heard. I'm going to put that and apply it to our next iteration or I'm going to put that and apply it back into the company." Being able to play with those data points and apply it to that next stage is something that I guess has always been in our DNA, the company since the customer service line being my phone number days. >> Yeah. But it seems like you guys were really committed to finding >> Oh, yeah. I'm going to attribute it back to our partners again because any other company would be like, "Dude, you guys made 10 iterations already." Just this is the last one we're going to make. This mom and pop shop was willing to just keep going with us to make differentations until it was perfect. >> Like to me, that's crazy that they were willing to do that, you know? But we were committed, you know, we were like our first flight up there. >> We stayed in a hotel that was like $50 a night and we like Ryan and I until like five years ago would share a bed. Like that's how we would travel, you know. >> Wait, I'm sorry. You guys would share a bed? >> Yeah, we would share a bed so we could save money. Sometimes we would be like, "Oh, one person." Because sometimes when you say two people, the price goes up on a hotel. So I would say one person come into the room and share a bed. You get really close when that happens. >> Okay. So you get to V10. Then Indiegogo happens right after more or less. >> I read our products. We feel like it gets to a good point. We order we put a down payment on three pallets of gum that shipped to my apartment in Los Angeles. Literally the guy comes in with like pallets and they're like, "Where's the loading dock?" And I'm like, "Uh, take it through the hallway." And it's like the the fifth left, you know, or whatever it was. And it's just sitting in my living room. My roommate at the time is now our COO, Tyler, um, was helping us pack boxes, take it to the post office every single day. He was like helping us set up our website and all this stuff. And we're getting ready for this launch. And, you know, we're reaching out to basically anyone that's willing to talk about us. >> That was the first thing you wanted to do is was establish credibility. That was your first goal. >> Yes. Because knowing that people would not be willing to chew a neutropic gum, they don't even know what the word neutropic is. But if anyone wrote about neutropics and biohacking or anything, we would reach out to them. If anyone talked about an idea of an energy gum or something, we would reach out to them. So we were doing that leading up to the launch of Indiegogo. When it launches, I make a post on Reddit, our neutropics. I was already part of this community that I've built trust in post about our product. Boom. We hit our goal literally in like the first hour. If we make it to the front page of Indiegogo, it was like instant. A few days later, one of the people we wrote to was an editor for Time magazine. Time magazine now writes about us saying Neurogum is now a thing. We get a whole new audience of people. After the campaign ends, Dr. Oz's TV producer calls me while I'm at dinner with one of our early partner and it's like, "Hey, we love this idea of neutropics. It's a big thing right now. We want you to go on Dr. Oz's show." So, like a month later, we go on Dr. on the show. And all that started because we were actively reaching out to people, seeing who would talk about us, our community that we already were like deeply integrated with. And uh my phone's blowing up 24/7, you know, cuz I'm the customer service line. Ryan worked at Hulu at the time, so he would bring us snacks cuz like I spent my funds on on this, so we didn't have any money, so I was eating snacks from the Hulu cafeteria. Um, I was doing hospital stays, you know, because I could get paid for doing experimental drugs and stay in a hospital for two, three weeks at a time. So, I didn't have to pay rent and continue to build our business, bootstrap it until we got our first investor. >> Okay, wait. So, hold on. I need to go back to this. How long were you in this um, let's call it experimental phase where you had to do all of these, you know, things to survive? Like, how long was that period? Like the first two years of our business, I I was during that time I was doing something called the Uberman cycle also where I would sleep 20 minutes every four hours. I I would never get a full eight hours. I would literally just take 20-minute naps throughout the day. I did that for like 6 months. Like it was really bad. >> Where did that come from? Did you feel like you had something to prove that you like had to >> Totally. I I don't even know what it was. I was trying to prove though. It was almost like, you know, I was talking about like my career path and all these like different things I was jumping. I never found like true success in any of those things, but I felt if I broke off and I started my own business, you know, like this idea of Neurogum, I felt so strongly about that I was willing to make that commitment and sacrifice all these things to make it there. What kept you going? >> You know what's crazy about being in uh That sounds weird. Starting a business is like a abusive relationship in a way. You know, when you get those wins, man, like it when you're getting beaten down, but you get like a win, you know, it feels good. And it's like, yeah, you're I'm taking all these calls and everything, but then like you get an email from, you know, like a 75 year old lady that's like, I can't live without this. And this is what gets me to wake up in the morning so I could do yoga even at my age. I'm like, damn. Like, why I have to keep going when I know like Dr. Oz comes knocking on our door and it's like, you know, whatever you think about him as a doctor and he's willing to look at your product that you just started. T Pay came knocking on our door and was like, I want you to be part of our TV show, Tain School of Business. It's like it's crazy that these moments happen even when you're a small brand, you know? And I think those wins that come from time to time, even when you're in like the thick of it, just those are experiences that I don't think you can have unless you go through the path of entrepreneurship, unless you pave your own path, unless you build your own luck. >> So then a very important part of your story happens, right? Shark Tank. >> Shark Tank. We go on a casting call in 2019. And what's crazy is like we filmed right before the pandemic hit right in September. So we were still in studio, everything. We had note cards. It was literally like studying in college. We had note cards of every single potential question that the sharks may ask us. And we wrote down the question on one side and then the answer on the other. And we just reviewed those note cards every single day. >> So for those who have not watched, right, it's not like you didn't get an offer. >> We got two offers. Yeah. But >> Ryan and I had a very specific cut off point on what we wanted and the deal we wanted to take and Kevin Olirri gave us like the most convoluted what you know stinky poo poo offer and uh we were just like okay Kevin like we're not like we did the math in our heads and it literally made no sense. So, we immediately dismissed that, but Robert actually gave us a really, it was pretty compelling um what he was willing to do, but it was him cutting our valuation literally in half. And, you know, going back to this relationship we have with our pre-existing investors, especially as a bootstrap company, there were people that were willing to put their money at a certain valuation. We're willing to cut down a certain amount from that valuation, but not at a 50% haircut. That's not only a disservice to ourselves, but it's a disservice to every single person that had our backs in that moment. And for us, we were like, it doesn't matter if you're a shark or not, you know, like we're not going to do our investors wrong. So, um, that was that. We told Robert we can't take the deal. And we walked out. >> Values. values and sticking to them. But we aired during co that was the first time we got big national attention because you know even like the doctor I was saying and the taint thing like it it hit a certain demographic but Shark Tank people really tuned into Shark Tank and they make YouTube clips and everything off it too. Right after Shark Tank aired two things happened. One Joe Rogan shouted us out. So now we're on this like super high, right? >> Is that how he found out about you guys? >> One of our friends, PR person seated him product like a few years prior and we were like, "Oh, Joe Rogan got product, but like we don't know if he even got it or not." And then out of nowhere, he's like, "I've been chewing this stuff." You know, it's like I love it. I'm like, "Yeah, it's it's crazy. Like we're on this super high like Shark Tank. Joe Rogan just mentioned us like our phones are blowing up because we're getting orders like left and right and we're like finally hit this national stage of recognition and then all of a sudden we got sued. >> Yeah. Yeah. It all that all happened in like a month. >> So you were on the highest of highs and then it's like boom, crash. >> Oh yeah. It was crazy. We were like, "Wow, our company finally like hit the national stage. It was amazing." randomly. This is our first lawsuit in a trademark case from someone that was using the neuro name in a totally different category. And this person was worth $300 million from a divorce. She just had so much wealth. And we're like a tiny little company. I think we're doing like $4 million a year or something at that point, you know, in 2020. When that lawsuit happened, it was almost like what? Like why are we being like punished in a way, right? like we finally hit this mark after 5 years where a company people are recognizing that we created a great product and then boom, someone's trying to take it all away. Someone's trying to stop us from sharing this great product that we've worked so hard to share. She literally sent us notice like I I'm I'm going to sue you guys until you're out of business. And we're like, what are we going to do? We're just going to run out of money. And funny enough, most businesses typically tend to fail because they get into a situation like this. Not all of our funds are going to a lawsuit. We can't use any of it on growth. Everything stagnates because our legal fees are stacking up. And I mean, I told you how much of myself I gave to this company. You know, I was literally staying in hospitals, taking experimental drugs to make money. I was eating McDonald's on a daily basis because I found like a a glitch in their little app where I could get free hamburgers. But that's that made me sad the point. Like I you know there was so much of myself that I was giving to the company and not just myself, Ryan too. our investors too, our employees also at that moment, all of us. To have something that we spend day in day out just stripped away from us is it's like the worst feeling in the world. And I would imagine it's similar to like, you know, I'm not a parent, but like your child getting taken away from you in a way. Neurogum was such a big part of my identity, and it still is. Neurogum is a part of my identity in a very very big way. What happens when your identity is literally trying to get taken away from you? You lose a sense of who you are. You lose a sense of yourself. So it was almost like existential in a way to think through who am I if neuro wouldn't even exist? And uh I mean I would have fought to the end. I would have for sure fought to the end. Like it it wouldn't have mattered whatsoever. You know, I felt like what I discovered, if we're going to use the analogy of the hero's journey, I found the golden fleece. Ryan and I discovered the golden fleece, which is Neurogam. And we are here to set sail and like share with the world. And if someone is trying to take that away from us, we will ride through those waves. And it didn't matter what happened. But then one of the judges during the show, Daniel Lubetski, founder of Kind Bar, said, "If you guys need anything, I love you guys. I'm not investing in supplements right now, but if you need anything, reach out. I'm here to help you." Ryan remembers that moment, goes on Instagram, slides into his DMs, and Daniel Lubeski responds back and says, "I got you guys." Hops on a call with this lady who is, you know, furious, willing to sue us into oblivion. And says, "Look, I'm worth 10 times more than you. I'm going to back these guys until they win their lawsuit, and you could fight this war with me, or you could call it quits right now." And right then and there, the lawsuit ended. He saved our business. >> Isn't that crazy? And now we are where we are. And funny story because I think this is going to air after uh this moment happens, but uh we are one of the only companies to go back on Shark Tank twice because Daniel Leescy came back and invested in us. >> Oh my god, >> isn't that awesome? He saves our business and we finally get a deal from the sharks. And we're one of the only companies that have gone on Shark Tank twice, but also one of the most successful companies to come out of Shark Tank. >> Man, I bet they are kicking themselves right now. The other sharks. >> Yeah. Yeah. Funny enough, Mark's team reached out and was just like, "Hey, can we get some neuro gum?" You like love it. It's like It's funny that like everyone comes out of the woodwork, you know, in some way. But >> they all come back. They all come back. >> They all come back. >> That is incredible. First of all, it's like one of the biggest I think mistakes that's like ever been made on Shark Tank history >> and they'll talk about that. Yeah, >> absolutely. But I think one of the biggest things is like you watched you watched your pitch and it was like they everyone was talking about like how great of people you are, right? And that I think is like again a testament to not only you guys as founders, but I think going back to those brand values, you guys exuded that. You know, there's people watching that probably are in their dark night of the soul. Call Dark Knight of the Soul mainly because in in film scripts, >> Save the Cat. >> Yeah, Save the Cat. It's a book that it really teaches you great film structure if anyone's interested. But call it Dark Knight of the Soul mainly because that's the part of the movie where all is lost. It's it's really where the the character has to dig deep and they're in their darkest moment. >> And so obviously you had, you know, the new hope, which was Daniel coming in to save the day. So for anyone that is out there that doesn't have their Daniel, what can they do? The funny thing about people that I realized is, and I I kind of learned this from Ryan in a way, uh, you know, because he's paraplegic and he needs to ask for help sometimes. When you ask for help, 99% of the time, people are willing to help you. It's pretty amazing. But sometimes our ego gets in the way, especially if you're an entrepreneur, right? We feel like we could do everything by ourselves. But if there's one lesson I learned that I would love to have applied early on, it's just asking for help more. Cuz if you're going on this path, people are going to be there to raise you up cuz they know how hard it is. >> I think that's beautiful. Especially like your to your point, we're talking about community so much, right? >> And you found community even going into that tank. >> Yeah. The fact that people like Daniel exist to fight against that to give people a chance. Like sometimes that's all that takes, you know, and it's and look where we are now. It's amazing. >> Nuro is incredibly successful. Where is Neuro at right now? >> I mean, job's not finished, but uh we got a long ways to go, but you know, in any given day, we're uh one of the top brands on Tik Tok shop u within our vertical. We are one of the bestselling energy supplements in the retailers that we're in. To that note, we sell more than five hour energy in revenue and retail velocity at places like CVS. We continue to be a category leader on Amazon and oh my gosh, we're by the end of the year, we're going to be in 35,000 touch points. >> Does that even feel real to you? That's crazy. >> It's a lot. It's a lot of stores. Uh I mean KC's is a big convenience store that we're activating in that we're like a top seller in. We very quickly became a top seller. GNC Vitamin Shop. We're the number one selling energy product in. We are the most accessible, sharable, simple, and functional product that you could take with you wherever you go. >> Wow, that is incredible. So, I'm going to ask you a few questions for the lightning round. How do you hire a players? >> There's a book that I've talked about before. It's called Who. >> I love that book. >> Um, it's a great book. Previously I would have an internal scorecard that we would follow to build a criteria for our person that represented one our brand principles not just from work but in their personal lives as well. So that was one and then two from that scorecard mechanism how are their experiences going to contribute to take our company to the next level based on our needs. One of the realizations I've had is it's okay to have different personalities because different personalities challenge each other. Like we never hire people that are too arrogant or ego scores like I know how to do this. If they're challenging each other and they're willing to grow and they're willing to take the next step to elevate the company as a whole, that is like more than you could ask for in a person. >> What's a branding rule that everyone repeats that you think is complete BS? >> Oh, that's a good one. Um, a brand doesn't need to look sexy. I I like honestly like how you're talking to a consumer is more important and the branding needs to match that. >> How does that actually translate into, you know, I'm looking at the packaging here, right? What does your packaging need to communicate in under two seconds on a shelf? >> I mean, that's so important. I feel like that was like one of our biggest struggles like initially, you know, and one, what does it do? What's in it? And how is it going to work for me? And then what's the format? So for us, like that's the system architecture. When you look at our packaging, you know it's gum. It gives you energy and focus and you know what the flavor is. You know what you're going to get. >> I have to say it's brilliant because you know we talk a lot about pain points and immediately I'm like the biggest thing on this package is the pain point I'm trying to solve which is energy and focus, right? And then I'm like neuro isn't the number one thing I'm seeing here. It's the pain point. >> And I'm glad you like it because like we spend so much time on our packaging, you know, like it's so important. If you had to summarize three things from this conversation for everyone to take home as to what are the three most important things for their 20%. What would you say they are? >> Understand your community and keep that tribe close. Maintain your focus on at most three key things that you feel will drive your business 80% forward. Don't focus on the 80% of the things that only drive your business 20% forward. And don't ever be afraid to ask for help. >> Thank you. >> All right, guys. You know the drill. We're going to be diving into the anatomy of Kent's dream. Now, we're going to be going over the principles that came up in Kent's journey. And because there are so many, we're going to be putting a list of all of them on the screen, probably somewhere here. And we're just going to be touching on the few that we find to be the most important. And if there are any that you want us to touch on again in a future video, let us know. And to start, we know that Kent didn't build this dream alone. He has a co-founder, Ryan, who is obviously integral to this story, but for all intents and purposes, we're going to be focusing on the elements in Kent's journey that helped him accomplish his dream. All right, let's dive in. The first principle that came up in Kent's journey is skill stacking. So skill stacking is this idea that when you combine multiple skills, even if they seem unrelated, they form a stack and ultimately become your unique advantage. Now, Ken's journey is such a reminder that the things that might feel random in the moment might not be random at all. On paper, martial arts, murals, branding, storytelling at the moment that he was going through all of it, they obviously didn't connect, but over time, as we said in the definition, they did stack up and together they became his competitive edge. So if you take the martial arts, it made him obsessed with energy and performance. If you take the neuroscience, that gave him a way to understand the brain and how focus works. The murals, they literally trained his eye. They made him an artist that no doubt helped him in creating the packaging and the overall design of the brand. And speaking of branding, all that work that he did in the commercial world in campaigns, you can see how much that shaped him. And what we're starting to notice in the anatomy of a dream is that time and time again this idea of skill stacking of being a generalist keeps showing up in every single interview. Meaning it is a huge benefit to be the jack of all trades. David Epste who we interviewed wrote a book called Range. He actually shows that all of this research in the most real world situations generalists actually have the advantage because in most industries like business it's not predictable. It's constantly changing and in those environments the people who can connect the dots across different fields they tend to outperform specialists. No offense to specialists obviously we need them but at the end of the day in this everchanging world it is very important to be a generalist. And so if you are in a season right now where your life feels all over the place, where you're not really seeing how any of it connects yet, that just might mean you're on the right track. All right, next principle, speed to action. Something that we are noticing on the show is that the most successful people, they shrink the time from idea to execution. I mean, it literally took Kent and Ryan a few months to make their V1, which is to make gum, which I don't know, to me sounds like very complicated. I don't feel like it's something that's like very easy to do. And I know there are a lot of you watching this right now who have something that you've been thinking about doing. Hell, I do as well. Maybe it's starting, I don't know, a Substack or launching a website or filming a video like we are right now. Whatever it is, the goal is that you want to speed towards taking action. I want you to ask yourself, what is the one thing that I keep putting off? What's one action I can take tomorrow to start? and what's the soonest deadline I can give myself to get AV1 out. Even if it's the rough version, the messy version, the not so great version, doesn't matter. And something that helps me hold myself accountable is to put it where everyone else can see. So if you want accountability, put it in the comments below. All right, the next principle that came up in Ken's dream is to do things that don't scale. Now, doing things that don't scale means you're willing to do the things that feel small or inefficient because that is actually what gets something off the ground. And in Ken's case, he literally was customer service. He was the one responding to people himself on his personal phone. Now, if you've seen our prior episode, and if you haven't, we'll link it here somewhere for you. Natalie Barbou, who is the CEO of Rea, she talks about this as well. at this stage of her business, she still schedules one-on-one calls with her customers. And the thing that I'm noticing is that if you're going to do something that doesn't scale, the best areas for you to do this in are in areas where you're interacting with your customer because that's how you get to know them. There's a story about Airbnb that I don't think many people know about how they started, and I was genuinely shocked to hear this. In the beginning, even though they didn't have any money, they would fly to New York where they had some users and knock on the doors of the hosts and say, "We're the co-founders and we just want to meet you." Now, they came up with an irresistible offer and offered to professionally photograph their home. Even though they were the photographers within that session, not only would they develop a relationship with the customer, but they also got to know them. And they also got to know what they liked about the platform, what was working, what wasn't working for them. They did this after following a piece of advice from Paul Graham, who is the co-founder of Y Cominator, which is to do things that don't scale. Now, we're so often disempowered by the fact that we don't have any money or we don't have any resources to hire people to do things like customer service. And that's actually a huge piece of leverage that could solidify the foundation of your company. And I think this is why Kent and Ryan grew to the lengths that they did with Neurogum because they didn't hire a social media manager when they started. They themselves were making the content. They were tracking the hooks and they were giving those findings to their affiliates. They did that for a very long time. And because of that, they got to know what worked. Then with their product, they leveraged customer support as a way to improve it. They improved the shipping. They honestly just improved every single touch point of their business. So ask yourself, what is the most unscalable task that I can take on for the next few months that would give me the most amount of insight into my customer or audience? It could be social media management. Is it customer service? Is it sales where you're talking to potential customers? Are you onboarding new users or clients yourself? Or asking for feedback and having real conversations with your users? Oh, and down below we've included a downloadable worksheet where you can go through these questions yourself and hopefully start putting these principles into action. So, just for you to know. All right. Next principle is attention management. Attention management is the ability to aggressively focus on the few things that actually move the needle. So, Ken talks about the Pareto principle, which is that 20% of things that you do make up 80% of the results. At first, I thought this was just about time management, but in reality, we really should be applying this in every single area of our dream or our business. Yes, it could be in our to-do list, but it also should be applied to our marketing, to our strategy, in our finances. What does this look like in practice? Well, for Kent, he said that it was realizing which customer was most important. And that makes a lot of sense because in most cases, it's really the small minority of your customers that are willing to pay the most amount of money and are bringing in the most amount of revenue for you. If the output you're looking for is more sales, okay, well, which type of customer purchase the most amount of units? And if you're creating content, which kind of audience member is most engaged and when do they engage the most? So going back to the beginning of Neurogum, they spent the first three years focusing only on online sales before they moved to retail. What I'm seeing is that simplicity is key to a successful business and it's key to narrowing that focus. I want to do another example and apply this principle to your to-dos. The first thing to do is to brain dump every single to-do that you have on your plate. Next step is to ask yourself, what are the three to four tasks that have the most amount of leverage in my dream? I'll give you an example. In our case, a few weeks ago, we had an interview. We also were planning on releasing this video. What I realized was that at that point, the highest leverage thing for me to do was to actually prepare for that interview because ultimately a good interview was going to mean a good episode. And that meant delaying editing and putting out this video. Because let's say that I split my time. Now, both videos were going to suffer. And that's not fair to you guys. All right, moving on to the next one. And that is data is your north star. This principle is how you stop guessing and actually start making informed decisions when it comes to your dream. And we see this so clearly in Ken's journey. They literally created a spreadsheet where they wrote down every single hook that they were testing. Then they evaluated what worked and what didn't work. And then they would iterate until they found something that worked better. And what I'm noticing is this pattern where the most successful people are obsessed with data because it literally tells them what to focus on. And now in Ken's journey, they use this principle to create their viral hooks. They also used it to assess which products to sell on Tik Tok shop. And it's the reason that he says that they're profitable on there. They looked at the data. They identified which products are actually converting. And they were able to figure out which ones were their Costco rotisserie chickens, meaning the products that they were getting people to buy bundles. But none of that is a guess. it was coming from data. And when we first started our business, we were so hesitant to invest in anything that was surrounding data because at the end of the day, we were like, well, we're not big enough. Like that is just for the bigger companies that have the money to invest in that. But the more that I do these interviews, I'm seeing that data is something that you want to implement as early as possible. But here's a real question. What do you do if you don't have data yet? Well, if you're at the beginning of your dream, your job at that moment is to get as much output and volume so that you can actually collect some data. Do not let yourself believe that you can't collect it anyway. You can test things in so many different ways. You can utilize people that you do know. You can leverage the customers that you do have and you can create experiments and have subjects even if they're only 10 people. Moving on to the next one, which is the art of attention. Attention is the ability to intentionally capture and hold people's focus in a world where everyone is competing for it. As Kent said with the micro and nano influencers, you don't really need a big audience to get attention. You can literally have two followers and still go viral. And if anything, you can have more impact. What matters is understanding how to actually capture that attention. And so, in another video, we actually talked about the eight ways to gain attention. And I'll go through it very quickly. I'm always going to go through it assuming that you guys haven't seen it or to just to drill it back in your minds. But the first one is to do something unexpected. Second is to provide extreme value. Third is to have a very strong POV on something. Four is to be consistently present. Five, accomplish something. Six, collaborate with those who have attention. Seven, tap into culture. And eight, develop indisputable talent, which I keep saying is the hardest one to do out of all of them. There are a couple that I'm noticing that Kent and Ryan did. And the first one is that they were consistently present on TikTok when they first started, right? They were literally doing that so they could test all these hooks. The second one they did is that they collaborated with affiliates who have attention and they created a very strong partnership program with them under that same umbrella of collaborating with those who have attention. They went on Shark Tank, which is a bit of a hybrid of accomplishment and utilizing a platform that already has attention. Even though they didn't really take the deal, who knows if that's why they ultimately got that organic mention from Rogan. Now, if we're looking at all of the different ways that we can gain attention, I think that the one of being consistently present online is probably where you want to start because you want to get people to get to the point where they've seen you like four or seven times and they're eventually like, "Wait, who is this or what product is this? I've seen this before." Basically, in marketing terms, it's creating awareness. Literally, today I bought like this random bag. I think it's a Hulkin bag. And I saw it like at least 10 times until ultimately I thought of it today when I was like, I really need a bag to go between my house and the office and I need something with wheels that's easy for me to get in and out. And then I thought of that bag that I had seen 10 times. At the beginning of your business, you really want to focus on creating that exposure for your company or for your dream in any capacity. Be your own publicist. take that as seriously as your product because the great product or service you are offering deserves people knowing you exist. And speaking of that, one of Neurogum's biggest shifts occurred when Rogan shouted them out. Well, we don't nearly have as many subscribers as he does. I know that we already have a very strong community here ready to help each other in pursuit of accomplishing our dreams. So, in our previous videos, you guys have been commenting what your dream is for our what's your dream project that we mentioned at the top of this video. We decided to randomly choose from that list of those who have commented and even DM'd us. And I want to shout out Emma Stuts. I hope I'm pronouncing your name correctly, who's 23 years old, and her dream is her clothing brand, which is called Our Way. Now, I'm going to put her company's handle here on the screen. Check out her stuff. Maybe we can even surprise her with some love and follows on her business page and get her one step closer to that dream. I've never met Emma in person myself. I just think that this could be a really cool tradition that maybe we do on this channel. I don't know. Let me know what you guys think. And Emma, keep going. You're doing great. And I personally ordered one of your tops and I can't wait to get it. All right, moving on to the next principle, which is the proximity principle. The proximity principle is intentionally placing yourself around people and environments that make you think bigger, move faster, and get you closer to your goal. In Kent's journey, when we think about something like Shark Tank, it's very easy to look at it as a play for attention. And yes, obviously that's part of it. But I think something that's equally as valuable, if not more valuable in Ken's story, is what it gave them in terms of proximity. If you really look at it, it put them in the room with some of the most prominent investors and entrepreneurs that you could possibly be around. And when you look at what ended up happening later, especially with Daniel Lubetsky, that opportunity doesn't exist unless they put themselves in that room first. And I know that's not always easy to do, by the way. But naturally, with the proximity principle, you are going to make yourself uncomfortable because it's not your natural environment. And as a result, you're going to increase your odds of success. Whether that's because you're around people who can teach you something, people who think differently than you, people who are one step ahead of you, or even people that you can potentially partner down the line with. So, how does this apply to us? How do we actually make this principle happen other than going on Shark Tank? Well, in the smallest ways, it could start with changing your environment. Maybe it's going to a place where you're around people who are building or moving or operating a completely different level than you are. I mean, I've seen literally a lot of people work out of fancy hotel lobbies for that exact reason. And it's not even about talking to anyone. It's literally just about being around that energy. And I think sometimes we overcomplicate proximity because I think we think that it has to be reaching out to someone who is 10 steps ahead of us. But in reality, it might just be finding people who are two steps ahead of you, people who are like a little bit further along, who have maybe figured out something that you're currently trying to figure out in that moment. And I think the thing to analyze is how often are you putting yourself in rooms with people who match the potential you want to reach. But here's the thing with proximity. I think a lot of people get caught up in this notion that if they meet the right person and everything will fall into place. And while it absolutely helps, I don't think that that's actually what determines whether you move forward or not. Because at the end of the day, you can be in the best room possible, surrounded by the exact people that you once wanted to be around, and it still won't matter if you're not grounded in who you are and what you stand for. And I think that that's where the next principle comes in, which is to lead with the values. Leading with values is exactly what it sounds like, and it's not compromising what matters to you, even when there's something to gain. When you look at the decisions that Kent and Ryan made, especially in the early days, they weren't optimizing for money or short-term wins, they were making decisions based off of what felt aligned with who they were and what they were trying to actually build. And I think that the best example of this was in Shark Tank. On paper, that was an opportunity that most people would do anything for. You're in front of these investors. You have national exposure and you have the chance to walk away with a deal that could completely change your business, but they didn't take it because it would hurt their investors. And I think that's such a powerful moment because it shows that even in a room like that, even with that level of opportunity, they were still grounded enough to say, "This isn't the right fit for us." And I think that's what leading with values actually looks like. If you watch the episode, the way that they knew that that wasn't going to work for them when they got that offer, they were very firm on those values that it made that decision almost easy to make. It's being able to make decisions from them when there's something on the table that looks really good on paper but doesn't actually align with where you want to go. Because if you don't have that clarity, it becomes actually really easy to get pulled in a hundred different directions and you start saying yes to things that you shouldn't say yes to. And over time, you can end up somewhere that doesn't even resemble what you originally set out to do. And I think that ties back to everything that we've been talking about. Proximity can put you in the right rooms. Attention can get people to see you. Data can tell you what's working. But values are what guide your decisions once you have all of that. And I know that values is a very fluffy principle, but ultimately it's one of the most important things that you solidify early on in your dream. So I think the real question is not just what do you want to build, but it's how do you want to build it and what are the things that you are not willing to compromise on along the way? Which leads us to our next principle to ask for help. And in this one, it sounds incredibly simple, but I actually do think it's one of the hardest to do, especially when you're early on. I don't know about you guys, but I feel like there's this belief that we're supposed to figure everything out on our own. That if we're capable, if we are smart enough, if we really want this, that we should be able to do it without needing anyone else. But when you look at Ken and Ryan's story, that's not what happened. And Ken actually talks about this lesson coming directly from Ryan. When they were in a really difficult moment, when the company was getting sued, Ryan made that decision to reach out and ask Daniel Lubeski for help. And that one decision that not only helped them get through that moment, it ended up leading to a relationship and a partnership down the line. And I think that's such an important shift to understand. I think this ties really closely to the proximity principle because it's one thing to be around the right people, but I actually do think it's another thing to engage with them, to ask questions, to be curious, to not pretend like you have everything figured out. The truth is, there are people who have already solved the problems that you're currently facing. And if you're willing to ask, you can shortcut so much of that learning curve. And I know it's uncomfortable. It literally feels like you're exposing yourself and what you don't know. But more often than not, people are honestly more often willing to help, especially when they see that you are serious and that you're not just looking for a handout. But if they see that you're genuinely trying to learn, they're going to help you. And I think that's the shift. It's not asking for help because you can't do it. It's asking for help because you understand that doing it alone is slower. So if you're in that place right now, I would really ask yourself, where am I trying to figure something out on my own when someone else already knows the answer? And by the way, in their case, asking for help came out of a moment of urgency. But I don't think this principle only applies when everything is falling apart. More often than not, whether the problem is big or small, there's always someone you could ask. Which brings us to our next principle, which is finding your audience. And look, when I say audience, I don't mean followers or viewers. I mean the specific group of people that you're trying to serve. And in Ken's case, throughout that entire interview, he honed in on this particular principle. probably the most. It's so clear that he understands the exact audience that they are serving and knows exactly their customer persona to a te. And the way that he talks about it as if it's one person is really the key that I think makes it obvious that he has done his research on this. For those of you who've been keeping track with all of our interviews, all of our guests so far, and I mean all of them, have said, "When you speak to everyone, you speak to no one." Every single one. And I do not think that that is a coincidence. I think this becomes even more important when you look at the world that we're in now. We live in a world where literally almost every single industry is oversaturated. Take a look at social media again. The algorithm isn't try to show your content to everyone. It's trying to show it to the right people, even if those people are not subscribed to you. Because when you're clear on who you are for, your message, for whatever reason, gets sharper. Which brings me to our last principle of building a community. And I know this might sound super similar to finding your audience, but I actually think that they're very different because finding your audience is about identifying who you are speaking to. That specific type of individual, their mindset, and what they care about and what they're going through. Building a community is about creating a space, a product, a brand, even just content where people don't just connect with you, but they start to feel connected to each other. And when you look at Ken's story, I think this shows up from the very beginning. They were tapped into the Reddit biohacking community with people who really cared about performance and getting better in their lives. So when they launched that Indiegogo, that community was ready to support. And what's interesting is that they didn't stop this mindset as they grew. They didn't just find a community. They actively are building one. Even with their affiliates, I know for a fact that they create Discords to connect and share what's working and to learn from one another and to feel like they're part of something bigger than just promoting a product. I actually went to this event the other day and the founder mentioned that she didn't spend marketing dollars on influencers and that she spent it on community events and that went super far. So even if you have a company that you feel like, well, I run an agency like my clients are not going to be friends with each other. That's not really necessarily the point. I think the point is finding ways to create community in your space. Maybe it's with other agencies, with other marketers, because ultimately some of those people may be your future clients. So whether you're launching a product or a service or you're creating content, know that there are already communities waiting for your product. You just need to find them, be a part of them, and then find ways to grow them. And in Ken's case, what we see >> Can I quickly just interrupt? Hi. >> Hi. >> So, I wanted to show you something. >> We hit okay. >> We hit 10. >> I'm so proud of you. >> What? I feel like I can't even focus now. Wow. This is so cool. Wait, let me see it. Give it to me. Can they see it? >> Thank you guys. Honestly. Wow. It's just crazy cuz literally at the beginning of this year, we were literally like 2,000 when we started this channel. Um, I kept saying that the biggest thing that I hoped that we would see is a community of people vulnerable enough to share their dreams. But more than anything that we would create a space where someone going through their darkest moment in their dream, someone who was like on the cusp of giving up potentially that maybe we like kept them going for one more day because like I've been there um where like someone on the internet that like doesn't even know who I am made a video, turned on a camera and made a piece of content that literally fired me up just enough to get me to Friday. And going back to Kent's story, you'll see that in those darkest times, and there were a couple of them that he talked about, the time where he was literally staying at hospitals and he was literally struggling to just stay afloat. In those instances, I feel like a lot of people would have justifiably have thought, well, it's time to throw in the towel. But I do think that if you look at Kent's journey and how he just speaks about every milestone, I mean, it's clear that he was just focusing on the small wins. And I know for Kent, it was the email he would get from customers like the 75year-old woman who did yoga. And I know for us it was those small wins that also really helped us, especially when we had 200 of you watching. We even had like this uh software that Roy built. Every time that we would get a subscriber, they would like go yay and we would just hear yay in the office. And I don't know, I'm realizing that maybe this is actually a principle to count the small wins cuz I know that Kent did that. It's the small winds that no matter how small they are, they remind you that you are going in the right direction. And I know a lot of you might feel like nothing is working, but that doesn't mean that nothing is happening. So, if you're in that phase right now where you're not sure if you're reaching enough people or if what you're doing is even the right thing, count the small ones. If you're not sure this is even going to work, count the small wins. Count the small wins until one day you look up and you realize they added up to 10,000 wins. And one day you might look up and realize that you're living in the anatomy of your dream. All right, guys. Um, I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAnatomyOfADream [7 likes]: 🤩Get the 📝worksheet + all 🎁bonus resources from this episode here! https://dreamanatomy.com/go/kent
  2. @pbannajelly [4 likes]: I am building a tea business, bringing life back to the meaning and taste of tea in America. Tea has such an interesting, beautiful, and meditative history. I’m excited to share my perspective, my culture, and my creativity with others through tea. ❤
  3. @loveisamitsu [1 likes]: My dream: is to be able build a clothing business that runs on its own & have fun sharing my life in social media—as a breadwinner, sharing how we always just try to live a life we love. Just having a life that feels light — as someone who worked since I was in 8th Grade, just having the freedom to do what i want when i want it me soo excited haha just wanted to put this out there because i had to think what my dream actually is 😅 big help would just to have the direction & guidance to do social media marketing in a “correct” way. i’m sorry but i don’t really know what needs to be solved, i feel like i am my only enemy haha it’s so hard to continue waiting for the results to arrive and in between having to wait for our capital to get back to us in order to accept orders again.
  4. @tipsycouple5223 [1 likes]: Wow! What a good video!! Thank you!!
  5. @OnlyTheGreat33 [1 likes]: Friends are the most jealous.
  6. @bdflew493: Yall are killing it!!! Love seeing the growth!
  7. @bathofcreativity: Should everyone do lives? What about services like architecture, jornalism, design, etc? You can't just build someone's home in a live, like the caligraph. But I'm curious and interested on how lives could work for those jobs as well, please. And GREAT content, awesome intro! Congrats!
  8. @marieclemencebrou4215: I subscribed right after seeing how real you were when you reached 10000 followers.
  9. @harmonic-odyssey: I have been working on this project since November a unique blend of holistic self care practices to reset people's stress and improve their sleep. A blend of physical beauty care and mental healthcare to have a good regular experience that actively help with the plagues of our days. The way it is structures allows partnering with a lot of brands and grow fast. I really think this is the next big thing and sorry I don't feel coinfident in sharing too much here about it but if picked, will be able to share in lengh the details of this product / program.  I doubt I am posting this on time, but hey. Nothing to loose :)
  10. @AllStarChoir: I'm building a Children's Choir that creates music videos that support charities and important causes.

My dream is to build All-Star Youth Choir into a movement where kids discover their voice, grow in confidence, and use music to make a real impact.

We create original songs and music videos for causes and charities, giving young singers the chance to be part of something that feels meaningful, professional, and bigger than themselves.

Where I need help most is with direction and marketing. I believe deeply in the experience, and the families who participate can feel that it’s special. But I need help making the message clear enough that new parents immediately understand why this matters and why their child would want to be part of it.

The ONE thing that would move me closer to my dream is clarifying the offer: the exact words, positioning, and marketing message that explain why All-Star Youth Choir is not “just another choir,” but a transformational performance experience for kids who love to sing.

If I could solve that, I think I could attract more singers, more community support, better partnerships, and eventually build this into something that reaches far beyond my local area.
  11. @LBJ84: Thank you for this! You’ve provided so much clarity on the systems required to turn a vision into a reality. It's rare to see such transparent advice on the 'dark night of the soul' phases of business. Truly grateful for the community you're building here.
  12. @HouseofHexy: I’m an artist looking to turn my artistry into a lucrative business. inclusive wearable art inspired by fashion and fantasy. Resources are always ethically sourced from upcycled, reworked vintage, repurposed local supplies.
  13. @therealme9345: When Americans touch TikTok 🤷🏻‍♂️
  14. @mujtabazeeshan3218: The ending almost hit me 😪
  15. @WOMENMTWB-d4w: My sister, that summary at the end I love you, keep on doing you I am following
  16. @emmanloveadventures2196: Here's my entry:
My dream is to have a successfull podcast where I will be able to interview successful entrepreneurs to inspire people to start their own businesses, then be able to have my own agency afterwards.
I need help on how to start it and the finnancial side of it.
The ONE thing needed is the financial assistance for starting a podcast channel, at least for the first few months, because there's a company here that offers location and podcast devices that can be rented out for someone like me to be able to start a podcast channel. It's just that it's expensive.
  17. @meettherandom4711: Marketing is dead. Anyone can do it, virality is paid, celebrity endorsements are outdated. The best place to market your product is on youtube, instagram and public forums. Let the product speak for itself. Content shit is dead like it should be.
  18. @mordecai8707: The sfx in the beginning is way too noisy and loud, I could not focus on what anyone was saying 😭 max volume to hear the words. Please consider for future videos
  19. @RoadJuice-z1t: Educating people about finding happiness and self fulfillment, marketing, marketing, marketing...
  20. @almahodzic4099: Hi guys! My dream is to be a creative strategist and start my own agency. love yalll!!

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamzaMehar-c6v [1 likes]: Was skeptical at first, but ipweb feels legit. Interface is easy and withdrawals came through quick for me.❤😊😊
  2. @Hacrrr_901: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!❤😢😅😊😊😢😅😢😅😮
  3. @DanishHalid-c6e: Great 👍 I liked the video
  4. @MuhammadSuleman-b8d7p: Ipweb is a great platform for social media marketing ❤
  5. @kingstar-j1h: Excellent travail, encourageant de poursuivre le développement de cette idée ; il ne reste plus qu'à la mettre en œuvre et à faire preuve de patience. Le contenu est pertinent.❤
  6. @HAMOHema-ic8qd: Very good❤
  7. @yannigi: Please don’t believe this guys. She’s obviously a lying scammer. I’m not saying this out of jealously or whatever else you’re going to reply to this comment with.

This girl is an obvious scammer. She profits off of the fame she gets by bullshitting everyone. I have read many reviews about her company and many brands say her strategy is just chatGPT scripts. The brands never seen any real growth, and when they do it is because Ava’s company botted their Instagram accounts. This means they use fake bot accounts to make the accounts seem like they are getting followers, views, etc. 

I mean think hard about this. Do you really think a 20 year old knows anything about anything? Her whole brand is based off the fact that she’s such a hard worker and gets up at 12:00 AM to get to work. This doesn’t even make sense. She made 10s of thousands flipping couches on Facebook marketplace? Does that make any sense to you? USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. Everything she says is a lie. I think the only truth is that she got married very young.

SCAMMER!
  8. @هاجرسالم-ح2س: Interesting video
  9. @IsrakAhmed-b1z: The advice here feels practical and easy to apply. Great podcast! This is the kind of content creators actually need. Respect to both of you.
  10. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  11. @ososman33: Oh ipweb good morning my friend is going to see you too good night love you too good
  12. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn real money by completing simple task
  13. @UzmaMuhammad1978: This video proves that one powerful reel can completely change your journey! The viral hook strategy is really impressive and full of value for creators. 🚀
I’m also learning new online earning and content ideas through IPWEB, and videos like this give great motivation to grow faster.
Amazing tips for anyone who wants to go viral and build income from social media! 👏
  14. @familyentertaintment: This breakdown on hooks and audience retention was genuinely useful. The way you explained viral reel structure makes it easier for beginners to understand what actually works in 2026. IPweb 👍
  15. @uzmaghazal8515: Great article ❤️❤️
  16. @nikkman1: 1:15:40 caleb way 1:18:50 FB automation
  17. @PaulaHardin-z5q: The breakdown on these viral hooks is actually super helpful for anyone trying to scale their reach. It reminds me of the growth strategies I’ve been exploring on IPweb lately—consistency and engagement are definitely the biggest keys to success."
  18. @KrispyKaye: She’s such a liar. $300-$500 an hour finding couches on marketplace? Full of shit
  19. @Infinite_Wisdom369: weird i just check her Ig and Tiktok, and barely got 1m view, where is her 50m view ? her tiktok does not perform very well also very low view actually ??
  20. @simonbeti7335: This honestly feels like one of the most valuable hours I’ve spent online — learned more from this than from entire courses 😮‍💨📚 Huge respect for putting this together, thank you so much for sharing this gem!
Ipweb

- TikTok Viral Subliminals | Attract Millions of Views & Brand Deals: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] My Tik Tok videos are powerful magnets for attention and impact. Every video I post goes viral effortlessly. I attract millions of views, likes, and shares. My content speaks to people's hearts and they can't help but engage. My creativity flows with ease and people love what I create. Millions of people discover me every day. My follower count grows rapidly and steadily. My Tik Tok account is a magnet for visibility, growth, and success. Oh my god. Tick tock is my stage and I shine brighter with Now heat. Every video goes viral effortlessly. I attract millions of views, likes, and shares. My content speaks to people's hearts and they can't help but engage. My creativity flows with ease and people Brands love working with me. I receive countless high-paying brand deals and collaborations. The right sponsors find me easily and trust me with their campaigns. I turn my content into income effortlessly. My videos attract the perfect clients who are excited to work with me. Each month understanding. for all the pain and fulfillment. Environmental is natural loving and support. steadily. countless highpaying brand deals and are excited to work with me. Each post brings in new opportunities, connections, and sales. My inbox is full of partnership requests and client messages. I run a profitable business through my creative power. Tik Tok is my stage and I shine brighter with every upload. I understand the algorithm. The algorithm understands Heat. Heat. Oh, just beginning and then we stop. Every video and I attract my content. Heat up here.

- How to Get 1,000 Subscribers FAST Using YouTube Shorts Collab (No Reused Content): Kind: captions Language: en It's no longer news that the quickest and fastest way to get your 1,000 subscribers is through YouTube short. And not just short, especially when you're doing a collab with a viral video. Like those video that actually have lots of views, millions of views, like you're now trying to collab trying to react. In fact, I made a video about that. I know majority of my subscribers right now would have seen that particular video because it was one of the video that actually performed well on my channel. But if you have not seen that video, I'm going to be leaving the link in the description for you guys to go ahead and you know watch that video to know how to do it for your channel. But then I was scrolling through YouTube and what actually prompted me making this video. I was scrolling through YouTube and I saw a few number of people actually doing this collab the wrong way. And this wrong way can actually not only really you know harm your views, it can also cause YouTube to stop promoting your channel and also it can give you a reuse content strike. Yes, collab [snorts] is a YouTube feature. It is allowed on YouTube but if done correctly because I saw some people saying then I reached out to some people asking them because YouTube has not told them anything. I reached out to them personally. I because they put their email some of them put their WhatsApp number like a few of them that I can see because if you're subscribed to me and you are a follower of my channel if you reach out to me see one or two if I check out your channel most times I subscribe back to the channel so I get to see your content recommended to my um feed because I'm actually subscribed to a few of my subscribers that actually reach out to me. So that being said, I reached out to them, a few of them that I could reach out to, and I said that the way they actually did that collab is wrong. Collab, there's nothing wrong with collab. You can do collab. It's a YouTube feature, but you have to do it correctly. If not done correctly, then you can have a problem. I'm making this video for so for others that actually in this kind of situation because I know I cannot be reaching out to everybody one by one, but I hope they get to see this video. And if you have such kind of collab in your video um sorry in your channel, please go ahead and take it down before YouTube takes it down for you. [snorts] Okay. So um what is wrong about collab? What can give you content strike? This person actually said he's using that is a faceless channel actually. So because he's a faceless channel then he does not want to like like he didn't want to show his face. is a few faceless channels and or yeah faceless channel can do collab but if you want to do collab you don't have to make it entirely blank you can show other things you can show you know just make sure that it is not completely blank like this particular person is making it blank like what he's doing is he's going to put his phone on the floor so the screen is own part there is going to be black if like a lot of you might not understand what this collab mean if you have not seen that video that's I'm going to be pinging it in the comments section for you guys. Sorry for you guys to go ahead and watch it. So what's he actually like when he's trying to collapse going to put his phone down and the his own entire part is going to be black. That can give you reuse content strike because the algorithm is not picking anything you know and assuming he's even adding his own voice that would be okay. Every like the his own part is is blank but the algorithm can pick out his voice. But [snorts] muting like your own part. You are muting and then you are putting it down. So what are you actually adding? You know YouTube actually have likes when you add value. So that's when you will not have problem because you're not the only one collabing with that particular shot. So you just clicking collab and then the next thing you're doing you putting your phone down. So it's only that particular video you collabing with that is playing. Only that video. Um only the sound from that original video that people can hear. People can't hear your voice, neither can they see you. Neither can they see any other thing. And you know the way YouTube works is not a human being that in charge it's an AI. So the AI needs to pick out something unique, something different from the original content. But if it's blank, it's not it will not be able to pick out anything. So even if you're doing faceless channel, make sure that you record something that the AI can pick. Don't make it entirely blank. Yes. So please, if you have been doing that, if you have an entirely blank collab, [snorts] please take it down. do it the right way. If you're not doing faceless, you can show your face. It's not compulsory you um you you unmute. But if necessary, if you want to add commentary, it is even best when you unmute. It even add more originality to it. But if you're not going to be unmuting, make sure that your face is clear and your reaction is clear. It is, you know, it is visible. it is noticeable to bring out that change that um that YouTube wants because YouTube do not like repetitive. That is when some of you be doing collab and then you be getting repetitive content because you're not really doing something on your own part. So um that being said, somebody also asked a question that um what if I do because some people were getting messages like you know if you collab with somebody and then the person the original creator takes down that particular video or YouTube takes down the original content like it's not as if the main owner took it down. Maybe they violated something or I don't know maybe for one reason or another YouTube took down their content. YouTube is going to as well take down your own video because you are collabing with that video. So one of the things if you're looking out for if you want to collab make sure you are collabing with a video that you can tell that oh this particular video is actually following YouTube community guideline. There are some kind of videos that when like when you see them some kind of shot that are not actually following like you yourself can tell like when you see this particular shot you can say hm this particular shot I feel like you know because we all know YouTube terms and condition guidelines they online for everybody to see harmful content if you maybe if you feel like it's just like one shot I saw recently the person was trying to jump from a top of a cliff so like collabing with that kind of shot can actually give you harmful content because YouTube will feel like it is dangerous You understand? So for you to be on the safe side, make sure you are collabing with a short that is safe. And then back to the question I was like somebody asked me person was like um if YouTube take down that person's video and then YouTube takes down my own video, how does that affect my channel and how how does that affect my views? If I'm monetized, how does that affect me if I'm not monetized? Like the person just want to have a clear knowledge about how this works. So if you took test it down, number one, you will not lose your entire view if you're not monetized. Even if you're monetized, you will not lose your entire view. Like you know, for you to be able to get monetized on YouTube, you need at least 10 million short views, blah blah blah. So the views you have gotten, even though YouTube took it down, you will not lose your views. So your views are safe. But if you are monetized and YouTube took it down, you will lose your earnings. That's for those people that monetize and they're trying to use collab. So if YouTube takes that video down or if they like the original owner, if they take down that video, you will lose your earnings, but you will not lose your views and it does not have any direct harm to your channel. Yes, it's not as if oh because YouTube penalized them then it has a direct arm to your No, it does not have any direct harm to your channel. The only time you can have problem with collab is like I said like I explained earlier when you are just throwing blank nothing. You cannot see anything. Everything is just blank. The algorithm cannot pick out any visual at all. Neither can it pick out any sound. Yeah. So I hope I've actually like cleared this out for those of you that doing it the wrong way. I said I quickly do it before you guys, you know, go too far. Yeah. is to round it all up very quick and fast. If you're looking to get your 1,000 subscribers super super fast and you have not seen that video, check that video in the pin comment. Go ahead, try it out and come back and share your testimony. And by the way, I remember in one of my videos I made I think it was in this one. Yeah, I think so. Maybe like I think the one pin cuz I've made two videos about collab. So I'm actually not sure which one [snorts] I mentioned. Prosperity.x. Yeah. So Prosperity.x at some point, you know, was giving in subscribers. viewer, you know. Yeah. So, right now it's not only prosperity.x. Check out other videos. She's not the only person, you know. Check out other channels, other videos, but make sure that whoever you are collabing with, they have millions of views. Don't settle for thousands of views. Settle for millions of views. Yes. All right. See you again in our next video. Bye, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tunique1 [16 likes]: Thank you ma. I tried this on my accounts as I saw that strategy in one of your videos, in less than a week I made over 1k subs in one of my accounts and another about 700 subs. You're a star 💫 🎉
  2. @TheLifeOfGrandma [2 likes]: Small YouTube rs gathering here
  3. @JaneKinyanjui-w2x [1 likes]: New from  uk 🇬🇧  watching  to learn  more
  4. @rykahistoryreveals: What if you are running a faceless channel
  5. @Voicesofshe: Does the music in the video you want to collab with result in eventual DEMonitization?  Or if the original owner can use the music it's doesn't affect your  Collab?
  6. @Damacinema: Small youtubers lets grow together 🎉❤
  7. @Danny_bliss: I am doing a faceless channel, but I showed my face, hope that's not bad..?
  8. @CateWanjiru34: Small YouTuber let's gather here
  9. @ReactWithAndreas: Thank You! I React to Movies on my channel 📺 👀
  10. @obichawisdom: I need help oo, am a new youtube r
  11. @Chillwithdmet: Thanks for your
  12. @biobelemoyekarina9831: What if I show my hand only, since it a short on put ur finger down on any thing the voice on the short says
  13. @BlessingDcreator: I followed this steps, I got 11k views and from one video and 5k views from another, total of 190 subscribers, Thank you ❤❤
  14. @WTFace-Random: Prosperity.x you said he would work. It didn't. And he just got 7 videos. And it is the right prosperity.x the one you mentioned in the other video. None of his videos have the remix button...😢😢😢 Can you reccomend another channel? Or fix it?
  15. @Itsfundi_rose: Let’s grow together 💕
  16. @Itsfundi_rose: I had 19subscribers and now I have 72 followers in less than two weeks after following your advice 💕
  17. @zaneziyane07: Let’s not give up small YouTubers! The sun will shine soon for us 🥺❤️✨
  18. @GulishGibson: Please why I'm not getting views and subscriber on my Colby?
  19. @BrendaAchalat-f7i6n: Your vedios  are soo much helpful  my dear
  20. @SailorDailyLife: Hi guys lets grow togethere for new youtuber

- MrBeast Interview | MrBeast Invites Virat Kohli For A Video Collab: "I'm Trying To Film With You": Kind: captions Language: en What would be your message to Indian fans? >> Hey, I love you guys. Uh, I mean, I I want to come back out there sometime soon. Hey, Barracoli, if you read this, I'm trying to film with you. Um, and you guys have always been great and I, you know, most people don't realize I, you know, India's like one of our largest audiences and so very grateful for all of you. Aha. I hope Virat Kohli is watching this interview and he reaches out to you or his team. We wish you all the best for that collaboration. With that, we've come to an end of this conversation. It was pleasure to have you on NDTV.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sudarshanjena2738 [33 likes]: Virat Kohli goat of cricket ❤❤❤❤❤❤💪💪
  2. @NihalRinwa [21 likes]: Will we get MrBeast and Virat Kohli together before GTA VI??!?!?!??!?!??!?!?
  3. @sPICYSPORTS_18 [9 likes]: 1️⃣8️⃣🦁♾️
  4. @Farmanulla__18 [5 likes]: Virat Kohli❤
  5. @RajuRamRajpurohit-v4v [4 likes]: इतना तो भाई को ronaldo को बुलाने के लिए भी मेहनत नहीं करना पडी होगी.....!😅😅
  6. @theviratkohlieditz [3 likes]: 🎉
  7. @Supreme_editing1818 [2 likes]: Ai hai😅
  8. @Tasy-tadka26 [2 likes]: 6th comment ❤😊
  9. @Patell11 [1 likes]: 🔥🔥
  10. @skentertainment4028: Hakle to beast ke sath photo khichva raha tha dubai main
  11. @napoleanJAT: American invites Britisher for collab but news is in Indian channel.
  12. @ShamserTabraj: This is business mind of mr beast 😂