- DEVIL'S HOOK: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey this is the devil's hook and can you balance this hook at the tip of your finger let's see it's fall no but I will show you how it's done you need a belt right okay the belt are in the gear like this lift the belt and then balance the hook at the tip of your finger [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DisobedientSpaceWhale [1 likes]: Does it only work with a belt?

- The International Archives – Fountain Hook: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] match point for the upper bracket semi-finals Tong Fu taking on the fan favorite na when we pick p and Chen we were sure we going to cross the game early on they pick it they took the Pudge you can see dendi smiling right now he wanted it bad and puppy gave it to him yeah for some reasons that game it didn't work out vacuum back into the call down dindy bing up more than he can shoot he will be cleaned up now puppy caught out in the middle of the fight we were getting stronger and stronger in this point of the game there is nothing else in the whole game that can change anything and ton fu is beginning to grind na'vi down they got a five kill lead right around 5,000 gold to their advantage this is really trouble of naavi the game was on the edge and we could lose it like any moment I was sure about that we knew we needed to do something so we started to try something else Tong fu is going to continue to push they're not done Mech still hasn't even been used there's a hook H brought all the way back to the base cleaned up by the fountain Dy said this is the only way we can win the game us two just doing that stupid stuff I was like all right let's go then he's going to try it again can he got him that time see you in the base move whenever I saw enemy around I would ask puy TP me you would TP me and I would try hooking there we go the hook got him P P it would continue yeah why not yeah why not you just's keep it up Tong Fu didn't know what to do like they actually screwed up quite a lot it's hard to stay calm mentally you're panicking apocalypse is happening in your head he just goes the tong fu jop is Siege High Ground you know everybody knows the simple road to Victory the game should be done as simple but he just got removed oh he got him he got him they're on their feet they're chatting all it took was one fou and the hook how playing gyropter could have simply just tped after the hook he could have just tped back home yeah the fact of the matter is like a player that was on point probably would have still won the game as CH copter probably should have never gotten hooked probably probably probably but da is a lot like life you know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happens you have to deal with it hooking Tong F players with Chen teleport was one of the most amazing things that I've done it was uh vicious and I was part of it I was very angry watching the game it's not really so much against na'vi as against the rules a lot of people were saying it's very unfair or wrong we came into the player loue and I saw W screaming remove that from the game that was the biggest joke I've ever seen the biggest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joke there's these rules about bug abuse but what is bug abuse and what is not I'm still a bit salty about it I think like how can you win how can you even be allowed to win that way who had that game is that balance you hook a guy with a it should be my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] god it's not fair it's not fair disqualification yeah he was definitely like you guys don't deserve it or something like that and they're like whatever dude let them try this thing we can do it go and try this thing you have to respect the skill that it took for those Fountain hooks to happen if it was completely broken and super easy to do everyone would be doing it they weren't afraid to try it or make it happen I was sure the game was fair even after like I heard those screamings for some boys are fun and good this was one of them maybe a bit too strong but still it was too strong you can discredit the game but in reality like DOTA is still the same you can still win games in the most weird ways that haven't been seen or done it's the same for everyone so it's it's fair for everyone and it's just kind of a part of the way DOTA tournaments go

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bigfootuss [2 likes]: loda saying its unfair is the stupidest shit up to date, if it was so easy to do, then he should have shown everyone else how to do it
  2. @Gallade400 [1 likes]: I kinda understand why Loda would be so upset. I mean if you look at Dendi, he kinda has a really punch-able, annoying face. Seeing him do fountain hooks would be really upsetting lol
  3. @Deuce828 [1 likes]: If you are mad about bug play, there is always league, nerd!
  4. @baltulielkungsgunarsmiezis9714 [1 likes]: I think that at core the anti bug abuse rules are about not abusing a bug that the developers didnt know existed, while its perfectly fine to use a weird interaction they knew existed but had knowingly left in.
  5. @DJAngkot86 [1 likes]: 4:49 this is why I respect my chinese friend a lot. And this perspective also changed me as well.
  6. @kaiGaming-l7o: Can't believe this happened almsot a decade and a half ago damn time flies
  7. @maimonideez: remembering this beautiful piece of history as people cry about abrahams soul duping
  8. @Netizen62-premium: when i first play dota this sounds awesome and skillful while the reality it's cheesing with a bug 😂 good job valve you dodge the bullet by making a broken game looks skillful
  9. @rizalfiqrifahmiaminudin6326: I miss that day
  10. @stylec0: I would of paused the game at that point. Get the officials to address this issue.
  11. @Osman-senturk273: Valve is hypocrite. This is an exploit  abuse and this is an official tournament.
  12. @MJ-wi1tc: Too proud of using an exploit, we know it’s basically cheating and if it wasn’t then why did they get rid of it. Funny that the Chinese team was cheated though, normally the Chinese are the cheaters and the thief’s
  13. @arifluthfiansyah: this drama is timeless, will be passed down to new gen
  14. @KainoaMuse: remove comm score
  15. @yadisdis4207: "The apocalypse is happening in your head" line always stuck with me
  16. @MrHyperstone: Whated it live from home
  17. @faustomadebr: I dont know why YT wants me to rewatch this now, but my opinion did not change: it was not bug abuse, but a very well coordenate combo using two not so meta heroes.

It is not Shaker creep block... it is hard to do.
  18. @rinztea: I love Dendi but damn him tryna say that fountain hook was fair and balanced was some stupid shit
  19. @abiyisatria7868: Not everyone can do this thing as well.
  20. @Herefishyfishy843: God, we are grown old.

- 🔸 Master ADVANCED Hierarchy In Under 7 Minutes! (Important): Kind: captions Language: en most designers know a thing or two about hierarchy&nbsp; and very few people actually use these techniques&nbsp;&nbsp; or they just don't use them effectively the first&nbsp; golden technique will actually lay the foundation&nbsp;&nbsp; for making your next project totally awesome&nbsp; so when you have your Design Concepts and your&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas finalized in your mind it's probably time&nbsp; to think about the three flow Rule and this will&nbsp;&nbsp; actually open the door for hierarchy to be born&nbsp; on your artwork the three components of the three&nbsp;&nbsp; flow rule that you need to ask yourself are one&nbsp; where the viewer's eyes initially going to land&nbsp;&nbsp; on your design 2. where is the likely second&nbsp; place the viewer's eye will actually move to&nbsp;&nbsp; and three where will the viewer's eye finally&nbsp; finish up seems pretty simple right it is yeah&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's a really fundamental way to make good&nbsp; and effective designs each and every time this&nbsp;&nbsp; pet play feed poster starts the journey with the&nbsp; Bold white typography for the starting point then&nbsp;&nbsp; the parrot for the secondary stop-off and then&nbsp; the information to the left for the final end to&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewer's journey will every single person&nbsp; view this design in this way no of course not&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's actually a streamlined Avenue that most&nbsp; viewers will be able to use and a way they can&nbsp;&nbsp; obtain information from your design easily and&nbsp; this leads me nicely onto the next technique&nbsp;&nbsp; in today's video the vast majority of designs&nbsp; will Loosely use one of two techniques to form&nbsp;&nbsp; a basis of hierarchy especially in the Western&nbsp; World the air for pattern suggests viewers start&nbsp;&nbsp; their journey in the top left of a design because&nbsp; that's a natural way that a lot of people tend to&nbsp;&nbsp; read a book left to right then they move over to&nbsp; the right and then below that most content will&nbsp;&nbsp; be aligned to the left and extend out towards the&nbsp; right the second method is the Z or the Z pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on where you're from again we start in&nbsp; the top left then we move over to the right but&nbsp;&nbsp; this time we go diagonally down to the bottom left&nbsp; and then finally over to the bottom right this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the instinctive way that most people will View and&nbsp; actually look at a design and so by knowing this&nbsp;&nbsp; alone you can then apply hierarchy to your designs&nbsp; accordingly which we're going to look at right now&nbsp;&nbsp; now you could have absolutely nothing in the top&nbsp; left or top right but have a focal point in the&nbsp;&nbsp; very center and then the viewer will scan from&nbsp; the top left and then move down into the middle&nbsp;&nbsp; then perhaps move to the bottom left and then&nbsp; finish in the bottom right where maybe a link&nbsp;&nbsp; or a contact might be this still follows both&nbsp; of these patterns if you actually think about&nbsp;&nbsp; it of course these are just templates to keep&nbsp; in mind when you're designing something they're&nbsp;&nbsp; actually just there for you to use in conjunction&nbsp; with a hierarchy key to build a framework of your&nbsp;&nbsp; designs and speaking of more techniques what about&nbsp; something that people think is so obvious and so&nbsp;&nbsp; easy to do but which they often don't apply&nbsp; properly in graphic design size is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; the easiest way to achieve hierarchy right simply&nbsp; because the viewer will notice it in a millisecond&nbsp;&nbsp; and it just stands out so easily but here's a&nbsp; really good way for structuring that hierarchy&nbsp;&nbsp; in terms of size and all you have to do is think&nbsp; of these three levels so we have one the hook&nbsp;&nbsp; to the secondary detail and three The Finisher&nbsp; now most designers will say the most important&nbsp;&nbsp; parts of your design should be the biggest on your&nbsp; design and I say yes that's true some of the time&nbsp;&nbsp; or quite often actually but there are other times&nbsp; when that doesn't actually apply if your design&nbsp;&nbsp; is about a product then the hero of the design&nbsp; will actually be that product itself as you can&nbsp;&nbsp; see here the drink is the focal point and it's&nbsp; the largest on the design it's that initial hook&nbsp;&nbsp; however if we look here the focal point is more&nbsp; of an artistic visual Hook and the important&nbsp;&nbsp; information would be the dates and the location&nbsp; of this event so try and make the hook on your&nbsp;&nbsp; design the largest and it doesn't have to be the&nbsp; most important thing but a lot of the time it will&nbsp;&nbsp; be then secondary detail is second largest and&nbsp; finally the smaller sections are where you want&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewer to finish and actually take in crucial&nbsp; information this would also be where your ctas go&nbsp;&nbsp; so once a viewer is actually hooked into your&nbsp; design from afar then they start to go on that&nbsp;&nbsp; journey across your design then they should finish&nbsp; the important information this logic works really&nbsp;&nbsp; well when you combine it with the Z and the F&nbsp; patterns from earlier so there's actually a really&nbsp;&nbsp; neat trick that you can use with hierarchy when&nbsp; you have grouped objects on your design now if you&nbsp;&nbsp; place one of the objects larger and in the center&nbsp; of a group with then equal sets of other objects&nbsp;&nbsp; either side then it automatically stands out&nbsp; and creates hierarchy however if we arrange the&nbsp;&nbsp; objects differently the level of hierarchy will&nbsp; be diminished but again this actually works on&nbsp;&nbsp; specific grouped objects on the design so it's not&nbsp; actually going to be applicable just everywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; but yeah it's always good to know and it's a&nbsp; pretty cool trick now one mistake I see time and&nbsp;&nbsp; time again relates to the next Golden technique of&nbsp; visual hierarchy so when thinking about typography&nbsp;&nbsp; on your designs in regard to hierarchy it's&nbsp; actually a really good idea to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; that three level rule we spoke about earlier the&nbsp; hook the secondary detail and then the finisher&nbsp;&nbsp; so here the typographic hook is the future big&nbsp; gun section and then just below that the secondary&nbsp;&nbsp; text and then finally the book of is it called&nbsp; action in the upper right I didn't necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; think this is a particularly good CTA it's not&nbsp; too shabby and you can see how it fits into that&nbsp;&nbsp; three level rule when talking about hierarchy&nbsp; your designs don't need to strictly follow this&nbsp;&nbsp; technique but they are great to keep in mind as a&nbsp; basis when implementing hierarchy on your designs&nbsp;&nbsp; now if I was to ask you what is the best friend&nbsp; of hierarchy in graphic design what would you&nbsp;&nbsp; say this design uses it and so does this design&nbsp; right here hierarchy literally cannot survive or&nbsp;&nbsp; work without white space or even just proper use&nbsp; of white space the space allows distinctions to&nbsp;&nbsp; be made by the viewer so hierarchy can actually be&nbsp; identified subconsciously and if you want to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; all about white space in terms of macro micro&nbsp; passive and active just click that video on screen&nbsp;&nbsp; and until next time guys design&nbsp; your future today peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SatoriGraphics [11 likes]: ▶ Master the design principles with this playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-c9Rq56P4KkVJdnL3YVesRGP-MLkzgme

🔥 Take Your Logo Design Process To New Heights here: https://logodesignprocess.com/
or on Gumroad here: satorigraphics.gumroad.com/l/logoguide

😎 Over 55 MILLION Design Resources: https://1.envato.market/c/1360642/298927/4662
  2. @tellwithLola [6 likes]: This deserves some award. Thank you for quality content always.
  3. @abhikumar9242 [2 likes]: Thanks for teaching design there are very few good channels
  4. @cassey_weaso0 [2 likes]: tbh in the poster in the first part of the video, the parrot catched my eye first then the title then the text 😂
  5. @Priscilla-r7o6u [1 likes]: Super useful tips. Clear message, strong visual hook in the first seconds and mobile-first design really make a difference in ad performance. Thanks for sharing!
  6. @Oooght68rj853r [1 likes]: the thing that i never heard before and i learned that in a awesome way. Amazing work
  7. @soyaiburrahman3806 [1 likes]: best designer in the world
  8. @SuccessMindset2180 [1 likes]: 1. Visual hierarchy is a bit concept in theory
2. Background is also underestimated
3. Hook shouldn’t be forgotten, but at the same time there shouldn’t be many hooks
  9. @BusinessClue [1 likes]: Thanks, Satori, this is really helpful
  10. @atmraps: Hey, man. Where are you from? They also say "Z" as zed in South Africa! @SatoriGraphics Great content btw!
  11. @Thewonder-f9j: Thank you sir
  12. @AndreiPopescu-g2g6k: good
  13. @QuincySmith-u9o: Design like a pro
  14. @swannhtetnaing9635: Hook 😳 🗣️
  15. @prosperactivation: Thank you
  16. @NeuralGlitch-p6c: Damn one of the few good videos on youtube about visual hierarchy. Good job!
  17. @kingpubgm12: where can i find the design example u used in the videos
  18. @bishnugautam2500: hi sir ! iam your very big f fan  i learn graphic design  for watch your video   now iam slowly understand it   its i happen your video watch  
 i woud big thank you from my small heart sir i love your content
  19. @Quality_Mode: Thank you for QUALITY 🔥
  20. @Jess-the-Witch: Good info here. However I have two critiques
1. The example in the thumbnail isn't in the video, which feels like a bait and switch
2. The editing of the video, with all the text effects, feels like a whole lot of pizazz and AI and not necessarily useful.
Thanks for the hierarchy lesson!

- Meet the GOD of Clickbait (CRINGE): Kind: captions Language: en everybody knows clickbait. And we can agree that everybody hates Clickbait. if you really hate clickbait, this video is the perfect video for you to watch. DETECTIVE DJ IS BACK! And he has a new case to solve. you will help me decide who really is the ultimate God of click baiting. i’ve explored YouTube for hundreds of hours just for this video to find the most clickbait youtubers for us to laugh at, and enjoy. this whole time that i’ve been searching around YouTube, I’ve probably watched over a hundred different clickbait videos… you have to click the like button for that.. let’s get 3 ½ likes on this video. but wait… This video isn’t going to be the same as all of the other Exposing youtubers videos that people do. you know that i go big or go home, and on my channel, we focus on quality videos. We aren’t going to look at one youtuber for 20 minutes like everybody else. We’re looking at three. Our case is to try to figure out who really is the biggest clickbaiter, out of 3 horrible youtubers. 3 different youtubers from all over the world, all doing the same thing… Clickbaiting people for money.. this is actually going to be my craziest video yet. Welcome to the GOD OF CLICKBAIT… I mentioned this in another video, but I seriously read mostly all of my comments.. i’m one of the only big Youtubers that reads their comments and for the past couple of months I kept seeing the same comment over and over and over again…the comment would always tell me to look at “it’s owen” and everybody really wanted me to expose his horrible clickbait videos. comments would say he is one of the worst youtubers of all time, so this is why he’s our first contestant.. this youtuber will be matched up with two other YouTubers, and the one that is the worst, will be crowned the GOD of Clickbait. this video says, “he fell to his death, and then…” And the thumbnail is a dude about to fall off of a huge building. Okay let’s see this. starting the video off by begging for likes and subscribers.. Okay so basically he’s showing 5 people who almost died on camera. How did that jump go very wrong? If we go back to the start of this clip, he said that the dude made a jump that went very wrong.. I don’t understand. but remember this video is people who almost died so i think this guy might fall or something later on, let’s keep watching. Okay, the security guard just tackled him.. How was he close to death? OK maybe were being too hard on Owen, that was only number five so I bet the rest of them are probably going to get closer to death as we get closer to number one.. once again, I don’t understand how they almost died. OK we’re getting to number 3, 2, and one so these better show what we came here for. so number three is about this dude on a surfboard and he almost fell off the side of a mountain i guess? HOLD UP.. Why did that dude just say thank you? i think his head got messed up from that fall, jeez. but if you remember, The title of this video says he fell to his death.. this dude seemed OK even though he said thank you after he fell off of a cliff but he’s still alive! Number two is about a dude who went skydiving and he hit the ground really hard.. Hes still alive… so i guess number one is the one that really shows it.. I’m excited to see this.. Yep.. we don’t even have to watch this.. where is the thumbnail part? You show someone dangling off a building in the thumbnail, your title says he fell, but nobody in the video even did that.. Now that’s a pretty good clickbait job.. that video wasn’t even that bad, Owens channel gets a lot worse, but before we do that let’s switch it up and check out our second YouTuber. Everybody knows about him.. it’s morgz… I had to put him in here, because these videos are seriously clickbait. it’s been months since i last looked at his channel so there’s definitely some new cringe videos to look at. I honestly want to see if he has changed since the last time we exposed him.. Will morgz be crowned the god of clickbait after this video? Let me know what you think. holy crap. Look at these thumbnails. it shows them in public, but blurs out their body. They still have clothes on though. i Watched this video and they were acting like they had no clothes on but i saw them with clothes. Good try morgz, you can’t fool me. this one shows his girlfriend with a towel and she’s taking it off. I watched this video and it never happened, once again, you can’t fool me. this one shows him and his girlfriend in bed & his mom walks in. i watched the video, that never happens. All three of these thumbnails have one thing in common.. they all show a girl doing something. Only the real ones know what I mean.. But honestly, that’s all that this dude does. Uses his girlfriend for clickbait! and the things that they show in the thumbnail never show up in the video! that’s pretty much the definition of Clickbait. The thumbnails were bad, but the videos are even worse.. This video says “i spent 24 hours in my girlfriends house and she had no idea” this is gonna get super cringy.. so he goes into the house and then watch this. I DONT KNOW HOW SHE DIDNT she has to be blind.. he goes to the bathroom right, and then she starts knocking on the door. Morgz decides so you’re honestly telling me she didn’t hear him? I didn’t know his girlfriend was Helen Keller.. HOW did he set that camera up? morgz is literally screaming in the trunk! if somebody was in my car i would turn around and punch them! once they get back, he tries to find his place to sleep for the night. And then something cringy happened out of ay place he couldve slept, he chose the cold hard bathtub. dude we know this is fake! she comes in, gets on the phone with someone, and tells them how much she hates morgz hair and how it looks like a mop. Hey, i agree with you.. Oh? I wonder why you didn’t get caught. HMMMMMM. BECAUSE ITS FAKE!! morgz might just be the god of clickbait, because that was bad. to turn off the camera!” obviously he put 2 girls in the thumbnail to make kids be like, “OMG THEY RECORDED THEMSELVES O MY GOD I NEED TO SEE THIS!” C'mon dude, really? you can already tell that this is gonna be bad.. here we go again with the stupid “like the video in 5 seconds bull crap” it’s so cringy how he says stay tuned to see pokimane and another female streamer. he obviously wants the kids to be like “OMG POKIMANE FORGOT TO STOP RECORDING” The first clip was a girl falling asleep while streaming, we didn’t click on this video for that, we clicked to see pokimane and another female streamer. The whole video he only showed pokimane once, and all it was was a clip of her friends taking stuff from her room as a joke. he never showed another clip of a female streamer, and most of these clips weren’t even times where they forgot that they were recording, it was a kid falling asleep (show 5 seconds of it), jelly talking about some stuff , and that’s pretty much it. His videos get a lot worse later on, you’ll see. But let’s switch it up and go back to It’s owens channel, remember him? He posted a video titled he dropped his iphone 12 in the shredder. this kid in the thumbnail actually looks familiar, it’s Cody from daddyofive! Who remembers him from my worst family on youtube video? Well, i watched this video and i saw nothing of a phone getting shredded. it was literally people dropping their phones, and a kid getting his phone taken away.. Why would you put the title as a kid dropping his phone into a shredder, but then you never even show it? Once again, this is horrible clickbait. let’s go back to morgz, there’s a video that says Last to leave circle wins 10k $ the picture shows a freaking anvil getting thrown onto their head. if you don’t know what he’s talking about it’s basically a challenge where people stand in a circle and someone throws something up in the air and you can’t move and you have to hope u don’t get hit. people throw things like a football or something like that, nobody ever throws 1000 pound Anvil.. I watched this whole video and obviously he didn’t throw an anvil on his head. They threw a basketball, soccer ball, legos, a money in the bank thing.. What the heck? tennis balls, mini watermelons, and yes, they did throw an anvil, but it was a mini squishy kind. Good clickbait morgz. let’s switch it back to Adventure. 5 Youtubers who barely escaped alive! and the thumbnail is of chad wild clay with his face all beat up, and then a freaking picture of someone falling off of a bridge. What the heck? he better show this in the video or he’s a clickbaiting king. The first clip was of somebody hopping into a random strangers pool, the stranger who owned the pool started chasing after them.. remember the title said barely escaping alive but that doesn’t match up with what he just showed. The next clip, this dude just stumbles off his roof and nothing even happened. it literally was one of those project zorgo dudes. how did he barely escape? okay? he got a small cut. how did he barely escape alive??!? we’ve looked at videos from three different Youtubers. it’s owen, morgz, and adventure. I need to wrap up this case. Who really is the god of clickbait? Is it owen with his completely clickbait videos? is it morgz who uses his girlfriend to clickbait? or is it Adventure who talks about youtubers and stuff that didn’t ever happen for clickbait? This whole time as i’ve watched all of these videos, i’ve decided on who i really think is the god of clickbait. I’ve decided to give the crown to…. itsowen is seriously so bad. Morgz was right behind him if i’m being honest, but what really makes owen the god of clickbait is just the fact that he’s using other people’s death to make people click, and then in the video he never shows it. that’s messed up. wait, hold on.. I’m just getting a call.. theyre telling me that i need your help to solve this case soon.. I need all of your help right now. go to my Instagram account, and comment on my recent picture, which of these three Youtubers you think is the god of clickbait. I already made my choice, I need your choice to finish the case! link is in the description, or you can just type it in, my username is on the screen right now. Who really is the god of clickbait? I need everyone to go comment right now to help me clean up youtube! i’ll be reading your comment!

  Top Comments:
  1. @djcook [13000 likes]: WATCH MORE MEET THE YOUTUBER VIDEOS!

The Cringiest Girl on YouTube: https://youtu.be/olNBpijKXK0

YouTubers that scam fans: https://youtu.be/bwwpeZ1vHKw

The Most Childish YouTuber: https://youtu.be/2dkqnDuUYWo

The Worst Comment on YouTube: https://youtu.be/tbF0ng7RL3Q

The American Version of Morgz: https://youtu.be/5uCFu6J2Rj8

Girl who called Kobe at 3am: https://youtu.be/inxgD4FcRGc

YouTubers that Disappeared: https://youtu.be/C0zR9OGvaAI

i Threw a Chair at my Teacher: https://youtu.be/UtP9G8dyZxE
  2. @Abdifca [9 likes]: This mf has become the single thing he has sworn to expose
  3. @AzizAnimates [6 likes]: You became the thing you tried to destroy
  4. @BVCZXEDIT [3 likes]: This dude bullies children for views btw HE is the god of clikcbait
  5. @ILoveSS [3 likes]: One of them should've been you tbh
  6. @latoyachristopher2937 [1 likes]: IM JUST HERE TO SEE THE CLICKBAIT GOD
  7. @tinaavant8859 [1 likes]: I'm subed even though he said like before I heard "subscribe"
  8. @aswinchoudhuri-meyer8956 [1 likes]: (dont mind the thumbnail) Youtubes worst bully. (Ft: ‪@djcook‬ )
  9. @keepersonic5473: muhahahaha
  10. @CassidyMaier-t9d: Yo check out brain dump its the clickbaitiest show on the internet trust
  11. @Fyyyyye: Da best yotuber fr tho
  12. @I-fired-myself-from-my-own-job: Hello
  13. @RoBargais: amm...          ok
  14. @TheTwohourshower: Why did ItsOwen put AN EXPLOITED CHILD in their thumbnails? Why? WHY???
  15. @Noragaming21367: Me:pets my cat itsowen: he pet his tiger and got eaten alive and then…
  16. @robertitonicitomip95127: how
  17. @calingarmacea8552: I suportt u w video
  18. @GerdeneGarnett-t2z: DJ it's almost my birthday a nice subscribe😂😂😂😂😂
  19. @Spider_guy4: Hey test if you heart my comment and reply
  20. @DianaPro-x4h: Look at daily dose of internet

- Clickbait Has Gone Too Far: Kind: captions Language: en Clickbait can sometimes just go way too far. We're all guilty of it I'm even guilty of it anybody with a YouTube channel has probably clickbaited at least once, but um it's getting pretty ridiculous These are not videos these are article headlines And they're absolutely so clickbait when you find out what's inside it's gonna be unbelievable to a point where you're never gunna wanna to get out from your house---ok I'm clickbaiting. Yes it's here It's now when you find out what these kids are jumping into your jaw will drop. This is unbelievable I have never seen anything like this in my entire life Wow sad emotional hashtag not click beep well guess what they jumped into I want you to guess you have three seconds to type it in the Comments below 3 2 1 it was a pool these kids jumped into a really nice swimming pool, and it's unreal I seriously can't believe what I just saw. This is unreal. Welcome to Reaction Time, guys We're looking at some ridiculous moments of clickbait. Like. They've gone way too far It's ok if you do it sometimes, but if it's headlines like this This is disgusting just absolutely disgusting, and you don't want to click this. Please click this. Baby duck see water for the first time can you believe? What they do you can't believe it, so here are two options.First option They see the water and they drink it or they go inside. Second option They all start killing each other until the last man standing. I'll tell you what happened. They actually drink the water Wow you got my click and the funny thing is about clickbait no matter how many times you understand, it's clickbait But you're still gonna click it. You're still gonna click it. Hopefully this title is clickbait I don't even know I'm gonna title it this video is so clickbait you have to click it or else Something is gonna happen I don't know this girl didn't know what's inside of her not until they cut off her pants shocking How could she not know the letter he put how could she? Didn't know well guess what guys can you guess what put it on the comments? I'm gonna. Tell you I know she was pregnant oh OH MY GOD. I've never seen that before I am SHOOKETH !! This is not a joke you may laugh, but you shouldn't ok. Sorry. It's quite horrifying See this lady right here guess what her mouth looks like now She's just eating a burger so uh women in Japan eat burgers with a burger slip So they put this so they can indulge in the burger without being embarrassed It's not like her face was deformed. CLICKBAIT!! Look at bad this is.It says this I mean I just oh come on. Oh come on I Love it. I love it when you read these nineteen shocking food facts. You'll never want to eat again Never you would not want to eat You'd rather starve to death than eat some freaking food well guess what this is gonna be a spoiler alert guys I want you to guess first of all guess in the comments What do you think it's gonna be about the facts? Well the facts just tell you how many calories are in certain food items That's it, is how many calories. So dumb.All she did was drag her play across the pool. what happened next blew my mind She dragged her plate across water in the pool and then noticed something odd in the water do black circles appeared on the bottom of the pool, but what could It created little Vortexes in the water and little little circles in the water that created a shadow she puts her toilet brush under the seat Why it's genius? Click to find out. This is a spoiler alert this is what the article says you can drip dry your toilet brush soaked and dry by itself all the water drips down into the Toilet by leaving it under the toilet seat. Oh, it's genius it is GEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNUUIS Here's a paycheck from McDonald's worker, and here's my jaw dropping to the floor. What I'm made last year Yeah, crazy, huh. SPOILER ALERT ! Fast-food workers get minimum wage. They don't make a lot of money They just got you to click on the article they make the money, baby. Bill Nye wasn't always the science guy his story makes me like him even more if You could click on this article, you would find out he was a regular person who likes science And they just talk about his biography. This kid stepped up to a tower That's almost as tall as he is and then oh my god So he jumps he jumps onto the tower guys. Thank you for watching this video Please click on my other clickbait videos, and I really hope you enjoyed you click this right now You're gonna get something in the mail, and you're not gonna believe what its gonna be until you see it But the only way is when you click it, or you click this if you click both you're gonna ruin my watch tire That's pretty much done. Thank you for watching subscribe and peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaseVR1 [1 likes]: R.I.P kobe
  2. @sloane1266 [1 likes]: A pool
  3. @sunflower.1931: Dudeeeee
  4. @MelB868: Yeah if I seen that for a title I would no it’s clickbate. Something has to be alive to think.
  5. @russellelton5098: Funny how you make this video but not include yourself in it.
  6. @Nosilla08: •Im also Shooketh• 
Dont Worry Hooman
  7. @blakethesimms: I'm guessing that the shocking food discovery is that chicken nuggets are made by chicken WOW SO UNBELIEVABLE
  8. @taylormay883: the toilet brush one is actually genius!
  9. @SAM_FIGHTS_BACK: Click bait and only once i get click baited all the time
  10. @tapetalpizzapizza7998: Rock
  11. @speedygonsalez5110: Concrete
  12. @elijahstitt8478: Jumped in a pool
  13. @hectorcares6619: pool
  14. @thischanneldiedlol2234: Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
Heh clickbate
  15. @nicoleharrison8047: 💩 on me
  16. @krisct2597: Water
  17. @fantasticthree1817: Waterfall
  18. @thewrights1512: diggy dee,diggy doo I got clickbaited you did to
  19. @seanrist4111: That last one is kind of surprising I can't jump on top a tower as tall as me...
  20. @abi-pabi: Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle

Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
You've just been clickbaited,
Uh, that's just great for you.

- Testing Clickbait Shorts That Are Lies!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] These are the most insane clickbait Minecraft swords, and now we have to see which ones are real or fake. The lava life hack. Oh, okay. I'm going to tell you something right now. Lava is usually a little bit deeper than one block. But this is it's cool. It's cool. But I do see what's happening. All right, we can place the glass down. Then we can see the blocks beneath it. Just let's not get our hopes up too much. All right. Like I've got the cave. I've got the pool. Okay, so if the pool is one block deep, this is an incredible life hack. part of the pool is one block deep. It is really cool how you can genuinely just see through the glass. The old glass textures which look like this, you could not see through. The old ones had like these weird scratches on them and you couldn't see through the center. Oh, we found some gold. Hello. Okay. Are we finding any diamonds? Oh, we did. We got a diamond. Okay. It's a It is a life hack. It's the life hack only when it's one block deep. If it I swear if it's two blocks deep, it doesn't work. I stand corrected. This is better than I thought it was. What is this redstone contraption? Why does this guy look so dirty? Oh no. Oh dude, we can't be going around and saying these these false things. Man, you cannot squish yourself like this. This is like a reverse weight loss commercial. Oh, dude. Do we even I don't even have the heart inside of me to do this. I'm only doing this because the short says we have to. I got to prove to you guys that you cannot squish yourself and become Who would want to become like that anyways? All right. Will I become thick Preston? Three, two, one. Nothing's gonna happen. No. That's right. I'm not thick, but I am swimming. Look at that. This is just ridiculous. And you know what? It's sad. Some people are believing that this is legitimate. Don't believe it, man. You can't do it. Oh my gosh. Best bug ever. What is Is this just the fact that the Oh, the coal is just lasting. Is it smelting fast or is the I thought it was a time lapse. Is the piston moving the furnace back and forth? And then this is supposed to cause the bug. No way. Machine off. Was the furnace even moving? These aren't even sticky pistons. I'm just perplexed by that. Like I could see the sticky pistons, but now that I saw that they're regular pistons, it's basically just doing this. That would just be insane. All right, let's uh let's just We got We got our 63 colon here. Okay, the lever is off. The pistons are not smacking the furnace. All right. Now, I will smelt the raw iron. Okay. And as you can see, it is not very quick. I'm flicking the lever. Is there anything different in the furnace? Now you're wrong for this. Now you're Now I I Now you're wrong for this. How is there 64 iron? You can get smelted now. I got to do this like I'm doing this like this. Oh, I don't I don't even know what is happening. How did it go from not smelting? Look at this. Look. I I swear this is like just a regular furnace. There's nothing new about this, but it's like super smelting. This bug is so funny. Oh, what is this? Okay, redstone contraption. Arrows are going into the void. Are they coming back up from the top? Bro, you can't do this to my boy the Enderman. He deserves better than this. But this makes sense. Enderman, they can dodge arrows. I just don't know if they can dodge this many. I've never shot this many arrows on Enderman. Does is it is it just me or does anybody feel bad for the enderman? No. Okay, fine then. I'll put the enderman over here. I just don't think he deserves this. All right, it's time, buddy. It's time. I really I got high hopes for the enderman. Here we go. All right, 3 2 1. Wait, he's not even Wait, wait, he was He's not moving. He's literally just arrow resistant. He like teleports sometimes, but most of the time the arrows are literally just No, I've not seen this. Like the the arrows are just bouncing like a force field above his head. It's It's partially true. He won't die to the arrows, but he doesn't do a crazy like dance. The poor guy, man. Look at that. Just look at stupid arrows. I broke Minecraft. What are we breaking Minecraft with? Oh no, not one of these again. It's just going to be the piston into the saw cutter. It doesn't work like this. It doesn't work like this. Also, why does this look like a 1v one picnic table of death? And then he gets a vertical slab. No, we've used the vertical slab in a modded video. Like, you can mod those. You can't get those, though. Oh my gosh, dude. Come on. It's okay. It's called I I called it the saw cutter. It's the stone cutter, which is even better because this is not stone. This is wood. All right. And then we cut it right here. I mean, it's like, wait, literally, is it touching the blade? My gosh, it's just like right on that line. All right, bottoms up, boys. Bottoms up. Cheers. If this works, I will be absolutely speechless. That Oh, to our surprise, it doesn't work. But that would be cool. I'm just saying. Like, Bojang, if you wanted to add that, even though it was clickbait, that'd be pretty sick. Oh, I also broke Minecraft. Okay, we break all three slabs beneath it. This looks like we're trapping him up, but it renames to hand items and it's upside down. What is it taking? And it can now steal the It's stealing what the mob is holding cuz the mob had a bow and then you can now take it with a shulker box. So, it's just it's too good to be true. Oh, no way. No, no, no. Don't do this. Armor items. He's making a second Shulker box. This will give armor. No, no, no, no. Dude, it would be sick. It would be I thought you could just throw the armor on the mobs and the hand items. It was very important that it was capitalized at the beginning of each word. And we'll get our skeleton back in there. All right, it is set up. Now, again, if this is not clickbait, then we can just click on the Shulker box and then see his bow. That should not be there. You can see the skeleton holding the bow. Will this take it out of his hand? This is like black magic. Can he dual wield? Oh my god. That would be the scariest thing you've ever seen in your life. I didn't even think we were going to get to the second part where, you know, we were going to name the Shulker box. Armor items. All right. Armor items. Come on in. We're going to swap you out. Now we gave him the armor. Didn't put the boots on. Does that have to be the top left? Oh. Oh, this is terrifying. That is That is a terrifying mob that I would never want to mess with. I just I feel like I'm dressing my son. Don't look at me like that. I needed the diamond back. You know, is this Oh, Minecraft epic moment. I'm all about these epic moments. What do we see in here? The blaze spawners. The enderman that's walking away. But where's he going? What does he need the enderman for? Oh, to pick up the blaze spawner. So, I know Enderman can pick up blocks, but can they genuinely pick up spawners? What? He's under the bridge. No. Oh, if this if you can get Dude, if you can get the spawner. Everything I know about Minecraft is a lie. And this is this is okay. I don't even care. You You got to I'm forcing you to like this video so this works. All right, we'll we'll just do it. Do you have to kill the blazes first? I'm going to kill the blazes first. Where's that enderman? Where's that enderman? We got to lure him. Oh my gosh. Why are they They always play hard to get. Oh, I hear him. Oh, come here. Come here. Yeah, there we go. Come to papa. Come to papa. Come right over here. Come and pick up this blaze spawner. Yes, you generous enderman. You know you boy. This is crazy. How does he know to pick it up, though? I don't even know if I want to kill him now. I feel bad, but if I don't kill him, he's going to kill me. And you know what? It'd be like that sometimes. Oh my gosh. He might actually kill me. No, you're not allowed to. I have full nether. Oh my gosh, that was too close. Is this the moment? Is this the moment spawner? It doesn't even It doesn't have a name. It's just spawner. All right, now we just place it down. Is it the blaze spawner? Cuz like it could have glitched. It could have glitched. This is like on Christmas opening up the box and then new PS5. No avocado. Sorry. You like you know when your hopes and dreams are crushed and you have nothing to say. That's how I feel right now. How to change the size of items. This sounds interesting. We have an item frame. I do see where this is going. Fills up the item or sorry, fills up the dispenser. Splash potion of strength. No way. You got to make it at least somewhat realistic. Okay, the strength potion obviously is going to make it bigger. It has to. Yeah, thank god. And then what do you splash it with weakness if you want it to shrink? Oh my, dude. You got to put some effort into faking it if you're going to do that. He put no effort into this. And somebody's got to show these people how it's done some of these times. All right, we're gonna we're going to go ahead and humor the individual. Puts the Netherite sword in the item frame. Loads up the splash potion of strength. Notice it was a normal splash potion of strength. There was nothing crazy about it, apparently. And now I will press this. I swear if this works, something's going on. And don't you dare. Don't you dare. Don't you dare. I have splashed so many things in item frames with strength potions. Not once have they ever grown to this immaculate size. This is obviously so much bigger. What? I I I got nothing for you. I got nothing. I I don't understand this one. Somebody's got to be messing with me. We all know this trick, but it's boring. Wait, is this Why is this boring? Cuz you get like almost like the free X-rays. Apparently, this is the boring way to cheat. If we're going to cheat, let's make it exciting, I guess. I found a much better way. Show me. No way. Okay, what do we got? We got the night's visions. And then we have Oh, wait. The glow the glow squid. This might be the first time I've actually used the glow squid ink sack. Potion of glow vision. After drinking the potion, all the diamonds and emeralds near you will be highlighted. Well, I don't know if it does. Okay. I do not. No, no, no, no, no. It does not do that. We're going to We're skipping the compost. Everybody's seen the composter trick, but I have not. I Is this even a potion that you can craft? Potion of glow vision. I can't admit to this because then the glow ink sacks would actually be useful. Well, I know you can like make your item frames kind of glow, too, but this would be like really useful. And I just I just cir So, if we just drink them drink them and then magically you have X-ray around ores. Oh my gosh. Oh no. Okay, it also shows coal, which is kind of a problem because there is a lot of coal nearby. Oh my gosh. Yeah, there's so much coal. Wait, what are the green ones? Is that copper? No, it's outlining mobs, too. Okay, now I know something is up, man. I I swear that the glowing sacks have never been craftable into potions. Look at this. This is just No, it's it's crazy. It's actually crazy. The best bug ever. Okay, double piston and redstone block. We're gonna break the piston. Did they think Wait, did it flip? Hold on. We lost the piston tip, but the body remains. No, I don't know about you, but I don't think that that piston that piston's not alive. Somebody Nobody cares about the piston. He's dying. What are you making? Can Can you really make What? Can you make a skullk sensor? I don't know if you can even make a skullk sensor. From now on, you have to sneak. Why do we have to sneak? Stop sneaking and then move. We get the bedrock and then the piston magically it's healed. Oh, we got I got I got a lot to test in this one, man. All right, the two pistons are like this. And oh no, not yet. Not yet. Calm down. An order is in order. Redstone block on the first piston. Puts it on the second piston. Pick axe is here now. Do we have a glitched piston tip? Excuse me. Maybe we just did it wrong. May maybe was maybe it was incorrect. Maybe it was incorrect. There we go. Maybe I gota I'm gonna mine closer over here. That's a no from me, chief. Hey, thank God because there was a lot of redstone that I was going to have to follow up with this afterwards. OMG. What? What boots did we just pick up out of this chest? Frost Walker one. So, he's got to be Is he trying to walk over the lava? Yeah, buddy. Oh, the enchant is frost walker. It's not lava walker. It doesn't work like this. It It No, it does not work like this. I know. I swear I've tried this before. Goodness gracious. I just I can't wait to see myself. I have the frost walker boots. You're about to see me just sink into this lava and die. And if not, like I want to be like you guys. Trust me, I do. Okay, here we go. 3 2 1 What did you expect to happen, man? They're called frost walker, not lava walker, man. Oh no, something's ruining here. The wither can do this. Have we domesticated the wither? Oh, this is Wait, this is like a double rainbow, but it's a double wither. They're sharing. This is strange. It's like the conjoined twins at birth, you know, like they literally can't separate. That's That's what we've created. Did I just get a Did I just get bmed by Big Justice? Now, I remember he was meticulous. There was a There was a very particular strategy about this. It was left, left, right, right, and then save the middle for last. And then just in case, you know, little just a couple big booms for our boy. Oh my gosh. Please don't make me look like a fool. I mean, obviously, I'm going to look like a fool. We've never made a double wide. This is like a double stuffed Oreo, but with a wither. All right, I'm going to stop yapping. And oh, why did I I I hear it. I have to open my eyes now. Oh, wait. From the side, it's normal, but then from the front it it's just it is the double stuffed wither. He's so tame. It just doesn't It doesn't function. Oh gosh. I I don't like it. I No. No. I I'm telling you, man. Like this is There's no double stuffed Oreo wither. OP. Oh no. OP Minecraft glitch. Now I'm assuming since we have a diamond block here, this is supposed to make infinite. Yeah, infinite diamonds. Of course, dude. This is like every mcrafter's dream, including my own, is to have infinite diamonds. But you cannot make it happen. And certainly you're not going to make it happen with what is this? A sticky piston and a slime block. At least put some effort in, huh? All right, let's get the old man in here to show them how it's done. All right, as you can see, very normal blocks and then our very normal redstone circuit. Okay, let's just let's flick the lever. Let's just let's just flick that. Stop it right now. Stop it right now. This is Tell me this is a dirty dream. Tell me this is just a bad dream. I'm going to wake up in the morning and this is just going to all be a dream and I didn't actually film a video and there isn't actually diamonds that are multiplying. Stop. Stop. You're just No, you're not. You're not supposed to do that. Tell me somebody is messing with me because there's no way you can have infinite diamonds. Do you know how many of these I've tried and none of them work? I'm not out of touch with reality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrestonPlayz [563 likes]: That last one CAN’T be real… these are all fake… right??
  2. @Kynann-p1h [1 likes]: Chase was the zomby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  3. @Kynann-p1h [1 likes]: I saw chase!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  4. @Theghost-jb9xr [1 likes]: Preston, I wanna be a part of your channel
  5. @John-r5u4o [1 likes]: Wrong way of plasing the red stone blocks 12:15
  6. @MarizaAmor-d8i: Bro it was all chase
  7. @ChristopherBoyd-ns5vm: I did the one Where the Ores instantly smelt But it didn't work😭😭😭😭😡😡😡😡👿😡😡👿👿👿😡😡😡😭😭😭😭💔💔💔💔💔
  8. @Theduoguys1234: 3:47 My boy got Infinity
  9. @savindinavodya3992: 12:47
  10. @JoeDurbin-i9k: Did you notice the weather's face after you walked away
  11. @DieSkibidiBiotonne: why are there heads appearing everyware
  12. @asmroceansounds: With the slaping the furnace when you were smelting gold i think i saw chases head at the end of the furnaceing
  13. @wardhaanjumlaboni6441: I love Preston too! 💕
  14. @lenautterstrom5052: the hints with chase may be chase trolling him
  15. @simonocallaghan1997: The last one wasn’t real chase put a command block behind you
  16. @joker_655: second last yo need all enchamnt to walk on lava that in full armors it work for me in pe
  17. @Benj5346: 12:59 it works in Bedrock, P-dawg
  18. @LeonardaZamora-t1j: Did i just saw chase head?
  19. @John-r5u4o: You jumped in not walked on 13:06
  20. @John-r5u4o: Wrong enchantment on the boots 12:51

- I Hate Clickbait - The Worst Tactics & My Dilemma: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this episode of 50 TV is sponsored by topics done to death comm do you like your content rinsed nope in you're in luck hey guys how's it going tiff D here I know another video about a blinking topic but has been rinsed so hard that my eyes hurt a little bit I don't know what my eyes have got to do with it I have a lot of passion about this topic I have a lot of thoughts on it so I know it's completely rinsed to death but on the other hand I really wanted to share my thoughts with you so I'm gonna try and list every single trick in the click betas book and I'm gonna start with what I think is the most annoying at number one and then go down to the things I think are less annoying at the bottom obviously this is just opinion and that's where I think this is really interesting because I think different elements of clickbait annoy people differently if you see what I mean the first of all clickbait I would say annoys and affects me just as much if not more than it annoys and affects you guys and let me explain why look at my lovely videos here I always put the same amount of effort into all of them I mean that's a bit of a lie some of them take a lot more time but you get what I mean I put a lot of effort into them I do lots of editing I make them nice and shiny so let's just take a quick look at some very recent videos for example we have the tf2 class award ceremony now that I would say I put the maximum amount of effort in as in like I spent hours and hours on that creating the icons doing some motion graphics and then putting it all together and I'm really proud of it and I love it it got four thousand two unused lovely thank you very much and let's look over here four things I hate about the pyro update don't get me wrong I put lots of effort into it but essentially it's me having a little moan and it's got like 40,000 views why because of the name and that annoys me but it annoys me and it conflicts me because I don't know what I meant to do in this situation what am I meant to do guys on the one hand I want to kind of maintain my dignity or my integrity I think that's a better word and I'm proud but I don't often kind of do that kind of thing but the problem is I think I probably suffered because of that whereas if I just named it slightly differently you see where I'm coming from here it's really conflicting you have to remember the views and subscribers inspire content creation not just for me for everyone I would imagine so just by adding that clickbait it kind of makes you create more cool stuff I it's a really weird problem that we have in the world okay it's not the biggest problem in the world there's a few others out there they're a slightly bigger anyway as promised here are 10 tools that click betas always use in order of how much they annoy me for me the absolute worst kind of clickbait are arrows arrows flipping annoy me sickest hiding spot ever with an arrow pointing to a bush the reason arrows annoy me is because it's such a blatant attempt to get you to watch the video it almost never is remotely useful for that thumbnail I'm pretty sure none of the arrows in any thumbnail ever in existence has actually helpfully pointed out something in the thumbnail you know I mean so yeah arrows annoy me and there's definitely some channels that use them pretty much in every single video there are channels that I've noticed use them like in every say few videos it's like they always have a quota of like I'm only allowed one arrow a month but I want anyone to get too annoyed so I'll use every four videos I'll pop an arrow in there they just unadulterated pure the epitome of clickbait if you ask me and they should literally be made illegal on YouTube okay I'm getting a bit over-the-top here to be fair yeah so the second one for me is circle so it kind of fits in the same boat circling a man in a bush and saying you know in the sweet epic hiding spots they're my worst - I don't know why they annoy me so much they just do I think it's like I said they're pure unadulterated clickbait whereas some clickbait is like you trying to make the thing sound more exciting and it's not kind of okay okay let's move on okay so number three for me is explicit images lebesgue cleavage nip-slip I think I can say that that's fine maybe a nice shiny Widowmaker ass that me nice that kind of thing and the video is like a generic bit of gameplay or something but they've just whacked a bit of explicit imagery in the in the thumbnail that annoys me because it's just again very blatant and it's just like dirty tactics or almost literally number four for me is irrelevant titles so a title that's exciting but the video isn't even about that topic maybe the youtuber says one sentence and it kind of relates to that topic but the rest of the entire video is about something completely different you know I think you must know what I mean about that one so the next few things are things that annoy me slightly less and it's all about the degree at which you use them if you see what I mean so the next one is stupid exaggeration a little bit of hyperbole is perfectly fine a little bit of exaggeration is fine but just ridiculous exaggeration you know like the best air shot ever and then next week it's like the best air shot ever part two what are you doing in the best shot you've ever taken every week what is this again I like to think I don't go to mental with this but of course let me know if you disagree in the comments below the next one for me is mental punctuation I indulge in an exclamation mark every now and then and I pretty much limit myself to one exclamation Mike and that's about it I just feel like a bit of a douchebag if I do any more than that you know I have to say I quite like turning a video title into a question if you're obviously talking about that topic it makes for a really interesting enticing video title because you want to know the answer right an example of this that I've done recently is is the new junk rat Opie I would say that's one of my most click Beatty titles but like my over what content doesn't get as many views so I thought I could just say thoughts on the new junk rat but I changed it to that and I think I've probably benefited another like thousand views or something just because I made it into a question I think personally that's kind of fine you guys know better than me you know let me know in the comments below CAPITAL LETTERS is another one now again this doesn't bother me when you get like a really important word putting caps I don't think I've ever done it in my life as I'm making this I'm trying to look back through my videos to see if I've done any of this stuff oh there you go there we go ten things I hate about the pirate update see that was probably my first ever word I put in capitals and it paid off you know some people without fail every single video has like half the title in caps it kind of loses its effect if you use these things every single time I think so number eight for me was like buzzwords so for example Opie buff nerf tilt rec all the kind of trendy words and gaming at the moment again if you're talking about a Buffy is fine to use it but if you're just trying to desperately whack in some of those words by any means possible I think you can get bit silly but not a huge deal so this is a little bit different it's not about the thumbnail it's not about the title it's about what you decide to make videos on controversial topics I guess like is overwatch better than tf2 there's been a lot of videos like that that's kind of what I mean I did a video on random crits right and if I called it like random crits why they're good that'll be a really controversial topic if you see I mean I think there is generally certain topics that people are more drawn to and more sensitive it's a hard one to describe but I think you guys know what I mean actually the best example of this I can think of is actually my video and the which class takes most skill video this one went like viral and completely mental and it's because it's a very controversial topic and you know I'm literally talking about that question I don't think there's much clickbait in the title or and the way I've done the thumbnail but it's literally just because of that topic which I chose that means it becomes a kind of a click Beatty example if you see what I mean but I think that's kind of cool that's why I put it at the bottom of my list I think it's probably fine you really want to talk about topic you know talk about it and the final one number 10 is ironically lists now I quite like list videos when when they're appropriate so it helps make the information kind of more digestible and really simple to understand and like okay we're doing a list video I mean but they are they are completely rinsed to death let's be honest and if you can any way remotely make a video into a list then the youtubers love doing that and I'm a little bit guilty of this for myself you know with my four things I heard about the pyro update thing but it makes it really I don't know like I said it makes it really clear but I think technically this is still clickbait to be on to be fair with you and while I'm a little bit guilty of but I kind of don't mind so much myself anyway so that was kind of my list I'd love to know if you guys agree with me there are two things I wanted to say about clickbait before we finish firstly is that clickbait whatever you want to define it as unfortunately it works and if I make a video and give it the most click Beatty title I'm gonna get more views and if I give it a very literal title I'm gonna get less views and that view figure differs significantly what's annoying is from a content creators perspective I find you put a lot of hours into making a video and you really want people to see it but I genuinely don't want to be a you know an annoying person who uses clickbait it's a really difficult situation to kind of have yourself in the nature of the game if you like air quotes being used there encourages content creators to use clickbait and it's just kind of a shame it's a shame that some videos get more views and more interest even if you put a lot less hours into them and vice-versa the final point I wanted to end on the only way you can really defeat clickbait or help work against it and help decrease how much you see it being used is to simply not click on clickbait and I know that sounds obvious I mean it is obvious but is it something that we all are guilty of we click on clickbait if people stop - clicking on clickbait content creators would stop using clickbait but it's like an self-feeding reinforcement loop of doom if you see a bunch of arrows and the title of the video is craziest mega secrets hiding spot you've never ever seen with the best headshots with the naked ladies involved then try your hardest not to click it's gonna be difficult especially their naked ladies involved but try your hardest not to click another thing that I'm really confused about is saying LIKE and subscribe at the end of your videos so I don't know if anyone's noticed but I've never in any of my videos ever said leave a like or subscribe because I feel like my audience is intelligent enough to figure that out for themselves but anyway saying all this I got this comment recently and it blew my mind guys please let me know should I be reminding people to like videos cuz I bet that works as well that's another thing that's annoying right the same as clickbait I bet saying like he kind of subliminally subliminal Lily sublime Lim Lim Lee subliminally works nailed it if you were to test saying it and not saying it I bet it would have an effect of some kind anyway especially for this topic I would love to know what you guys think hopefully I'm not a click beta channel I hope you guys agree with me there let me know if you think I am do you agree with me that some of those items that I talked about are acceptable which ones annoy you as much as they annoy me do arrows annoy you as much as they annoy me I always love to hear from you guys as always thanks for watching and I'll see you guys in the next video this is my attempt to create the absolute perfect clickbait that uses all the tricks in my list would you click on this oh I think you would let me I could click the crap hour this bad boy let's be honest

  Top Comments:
  1. @smacznykapec [2 likes]: when i see a video with arrows i think this is a video for idiots who don't know what should they look at so it's not for me
  2. @tristinprice8975 [2 likes]: I think its most annoying when I'm avoiding a clickbaity video but YouTube will not take it off my recommended so I have to see it everytime I check for videos.
  3. @TheStrongestBaka [2 likes]: Should've titled this "Top 10 most INFURIATING clickbait techniques!!!!"
  4. @NotASpyReally [1 likes]: I appreciate you not clickbaiting and letting us like and/or subscribe just if we feel like it. I wish every YouTuber was like you.

Unfortunately, not everyone appreciates these things. There are a lot of people who don't care about this at all; They do not feel insulted by clickbait. Why? I have no idea. But if you wanna change your ways to attract these people, then... Do whatever you like ;P It's your channel, after all. Also I like your channel and if having more subscribers means you're gonna make more cool videos, then so be it. I already know you're good anyways, I don't need more proof ;)
  5. @onlybadnameswork [1 likes]: 3:20
as a demo main, this was satisfying to watch!
  6. @Gam3rZLoung3 [1 likes]: It's hard to escape the gravity of this matter isn't it? We all have a hard time trying to be truthful and getting profit from it... YouTube views in this sense
  7. @potatoanus7206: Only 9k views?
  8. @mortimersteele: I liked your vid when you mentioned it lol
  9. @Shoxic420: I personally hate it, because not using clickbait makes you feel at a disadvantage, I once used the ole' barely censored nudity trick in conjunction with some clickbait tags and the video got 30 views within a few hours before the image getting taken down by youtube (because it's only not okay when I do it) for comparison, a normal video would get maybe 1-2 views with that time span, so it really feels like a handicap not using clickbait.
  10. @Sulferlines: not like de hantsman
  11. @hermit1428: This video is kind of in a wrong category which makes the video doesn't have much views.

I agree with your points but since there are so many competitors on YouTube nowadays. People just put large, bold, attractive coloured words in the thumbnail and use different punctuation marks like "xxx", *xxx * in the title to attract viewers.

A way I found to check if it is clickbait is to look at the length of video. When I see a really attractive title, I'll start to think: how can this easy topic contain a whole 20 minutes of content? Then I won't click it.
  12. @peterhoulihan9766: Mostly I only care if it's actually misleading, but attention grabby arrows are annoying. I only really noticed them after Muselk started doing it.
  13. @Neoprimal: Personally, People who constantly plug their channel (To the point it constantly interrupts the video), Those that spend 3 Minutes talking about a video sponsor,  Thumbnails that have absolutely nothing to do with the video they are put on (For example, A cat video that doesn't have a single cat in it, Just dogs, Either purely for views or attention), ALL CAP TITLES (This is one of the most annoying things about YouTube, And the sad thing is most people are under the impression All-Cap Video Titles are the "Best" method of getting views, And eventually Subscribers, It isn't, In my eyes it just makes that person look like a dunce and an attention seeking child), Arrows and Circles in Thumbnails..., Thumbnails with the YouTuber's face over half of the Image (Noone wants to see your face mate) and finally, The most annoying IMO: Run-time padding. (Those what purposefully extend a video to 10 Minutes just so that video is eligible for Ad Revenue, Even if the content of the video would barely span 4 Minutes, A person is likely to employ one of the other methods i listed in order to get the video to 10 Minutes.
Additionally, People who just talk and talk and never shut up, Like seriously, If you want to talk about something so bad, Leave it for the Description...
  14. @Yuksul_: My #1 most annoying clickbait is emojis in the thumbnail
  15. @redstonewarrior0152: I don't feel that you are click baity. You just make interesting informative videos with titles that spike interest without shouting "HEY! CLICK ME! BOOBS AND FREE MONEY!!!!!!"





That kinda sums up click baity stuff right there...
  16. @tectonical5347: I HATE CLICKBAIT!? RANT!? gone sexual not clickbait
  17. @danmihairusu5662: fortnite is the king of the hill rn xD
  18. @dynacoh3956: i see what you mean, and hey your not a clicky baiter
  19. @flicks12378: Everytime he used the pan in this video he got a random crit. Luck! I love your videos by the way. Never lose your personality! =)
  20. @Scouter5050: Sooo true.

- REACTING To The NEW *SCROLL WHEEL* Controller! (not clickbait): Kind: captions Language: en - is insane what Oh give me this controller right now that to see me lock onto his head hey what's up guys welcome back in today's video I'm going to be reacting to the brand new scroll wheel controller attachment so it's not really an attachment but more so a mod for your controller that this guy made on his channel called tech yesterday it's literally the most broken thing ever I actually didn't watch the full video cuz I wanted to watch it with you guys also after we watch the video I'm going to jump into creative with my version of scroll wheel reset and we're gonna have some fun with it but just before the video starts if you could drop a like and subscribe if you're new that would be much appreciated as well as if you use code FLE in the item shop it actually triples your editing speed which means you won't even need this scroll wheel attachment now but anyway let's get right into it alright so let's jump on YouTube and watch this video bring up YouTube surprising Charlie D'Amelio with 20 custom iPhone Elevens does she really made 20 custom iPhone Elevens anyway scroll will reset on controller comes straight up alright so as you can see there is one of my videos there I think I have another one here down here so one of them got 1.2 million views the other one got two hundred and seventy four thousand views on my channel but the thing is the first one I was actually using macros and the second one I was actually using this really cool glitch I have a feeling and most people using macros accepted this one guy who actually put a scroll wheel on controller so let's go watch it now then I haven't actually watches full video at all so I'm just curious to see how we did I'm a serious gamer you're not a serious gamer alright and so it was by channel called as you can see Tech yesterday definitely go check them out they make insane creative videos let me just show you real quick what else I've made so I'm pretty sure they've made a joystick like a little analog stick on a mouse as you can see here I built the best gaming mouse and it's actually got a joystick on it so this channel check yesterday makes them in same content I highly recommend you go check him out but a lot of people have been sending me this video apparently he mentions me in the video as well as well as it's just something really unique and never before seen ever so let's go ahead and like the video and let's wash it no way touches insane what he actually has a scroll wheel on his control [Music] in flux perfectly as a scroll as well look at that man imagine if controllers came like that Oh give me this controller right now that the amount of content I could make with this controller oh please give me this right now hey what's going on guys welcome back to another video okay I'm just gonna pause the video there so look how insane this looks I'm not sure if that stuff is like glued to keep the scroll wheel in so it looks like he's like kind of he's got a wire running out of it so it's not actually programmed into the control it looks like that the wire controls the scroll wheel and somehow he's like put a scroll wheel and a controller let's just watches after a recent video about the joys okay another pause he's actually so in the background I'm not sure if you notice if he's actually scrolling through a web page like a scroll wheel so it's not just like it's just some macro button that is thrown in there that just BAM something like it actually works as a scroll wheel other video a ton of you guys have been requesting more custom gaming peripheral videos while we are currently working on a joystick gaming keyboard hold up a joystick gaming keyboard so what he's trying to say is that he's literally gonna get controller analog sticks and put them on a keyboard that would be literally insane do you know what a keyboard a mouse player could do with a joystick on their keyboard that actually reminds me of that keyboard that beats used to use in his videos where it was like a keyboard but with an analog stick as well I wanted to post this video to hold you guys over until that comes out and this time it's for you controller players yeah yeah these guys got out back this guy's this guy's hooking us up man so when coming up with an original idea for a custom gaming controller I looked into the ultimate debate of the 50 year old within the fortnight community known as controller verse keyboard and mouse KBM players will always complain about controller players having a misis that's true scroll wheel reset allows you to reset multiple builds with a flick of the scrollwheel this was my aha moment how hard would be to add a scroll wheel to a controller obviously not that hard since you're kinda just did it big youtubers like FLE have made multiple videos on this method a macro allows you to bind multiple keys videos using macros to a button on a controller the downside of this is you can and will be banned if you're using macros in game especially in competitive ok so let's just pause here so as you can see he's cut out in this section or where the scroll wheels gonna go so that's something that's pretty insane so pretty much he put it where a normal like paddle would go like if you had a controller with paddles most paddles are on the back of the controller where you have freed up fingers so actually putting a scroll wheel where paddles would normally be which means you can maintain your normal controller grip it would be like a completely viable option and it'd be really easy to use this would be the most natural transition we ain't gonna talk about it bro you got enough glue there Oh from the donor board you can rewire it to the main mouse's board using electrical wires too big I don't even know what this guy's talking about right now he's just like Oh get out of my lake here he knows what he's talking about he knows what he's doing I'm officially giving away this controller so let me know in the comment section below if you want this controller and on May 1st I'll pick the winner guys if you could go to his video and just be like can you please and the controller to flee I'd be able to make literally some of the best content with this controller you've got no idea I'm just gonna jump right in his comment section bro I need this and I'm gonna post in that comment definitely go check out take yesterday's video if you do want to see an in-depth guide of how he actually made it man if he sends his control of me I would actually be in love I'm not someone that would actually use it like any competitive mode whatsoever I purely just be making amazing content out of it and it'll be awesome but anyway let's jump on fortnight and do the fake version of scroll wheel reset and just have some fun just to see what it would be like or with a scroll wheel reset uncle all right so we are in creative Scrabble research is all set up a believes so technically yeah it's all set up so this is kind of what um scroll reset would be like on control arts so I just thought I've finished off a video with some fun 1p ones you know just to you know you get some gameplay in the video no way was that a 44 headshot did you see me lock onto his head are you kidding that was insane just scroll over a sec your aim by now like what oh good trade-off Oh midair can I get a slow-mo on now that's pretty cool all right and there's gonna be here for this video it was just a quick one going over tech yesterday's video because it's probably going to be the next viral thing I really want to be the first to show you guys if you did make it to the end of the video drop a controller emoji in the comments thank you all so much for watching and I'll see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @techyesterday4960 [2600 likes]: FLEA! Your incredible dude, the support you have given me is unreal! YES THIS CONTROLLER IS YOURS! I will send you this right away and even make a new one that has 2 scroll wheels just for you. Please like so he can see! I messaged you on insta on my personal instagram account.
  2. @pamleaf1184 [2 likes]: “im a series gamer"
  3. @itzHaze [1 likes]: i play KBM so i dont even need a scroll wheel attachment🤣😎
  4. @fearnygames.9655 [1 likes]: is it mad how ive been stuck around since flea has had 6k subs now hes at almost 1.5 million lol great work flea keep it up man
  5. @gabehendrick1324: Where did you get that controller
  6. @aurrd7839: where you buy this controller?
  7. @jamierichardson9623: I used code flea
  8. @kiragalzu5134: I might try this, 50k likes and ill try it even if i ruin my controller... i have a second one
  9. @sandyman566: Please talk normally and in questions all the time!
  10. @Pokerboss1234: WHO IS HERE WHEN HE IS IN FAZE
  11. @KapsAnimates: Fleas the goat man
  12. @bobinusem: Random guy" I am a Sirius gamer" flea "no you are  not" guy😢😢😢😢
  13. @sadness8920: i like your cut G
  14. @bleaksss: When is he going to run out of attachments??
  15. @tiffanywiers2685: I used code flea
  16. @gazakeshavyt571: Piz flea
  17. @bogstonbormier3887: Nice work keep up the grind
  18. @bsavrr: 1:48 lmao
  19. @dereonski: ''amazing content'' flea says makes one video
  20. @broly8260: I’m a hybrid player, hah

- The Best Financial Advice You’ll Ever Hear: Kind: captions Language: en What's the number one thing that keeps people broke? >> It's ignorance. It's not a lack of intelligence. It's ignorance. >> Today, you are getting the best financial advice you'll ever hear from the man that changed the way that I think about money. The way that I make money. You're going to love this. 10 million copies sold. Unpacking the five biggest takeaways. Let's go. >> Morgan. >> Morgan Hel. >> He's the author of the psychology of money. >> Psychology of money. >> Psychology of money. Like we live in a society that it's very easy to overspend. A lot of people are willing to give you credit cards, give you debt. Is very easy to have bad financial habits. >> Instagram has basically become the new, you know, QVC. >> If you're buying these things, particularly on credit, you have bad habits. You're getting yourself into debt. You know, every dollar of debt that you have is a piece of your future that somebody else owns. You can be one of the richest men in the world and have no independence. Morgan, what do you recommend we do every time we get a paycheck or get paid? >> I view savings as an expense just as I would view rent or food or whatnot. Anytime in finance that you can automate it. So, automating your bank and say every paycheck you're going to move $50 to savings, whatever it might be, and making it automatic. What are the odds that at least one of these happens to you over the course of your life? Job loss, divorce, medical illness, weward children, living through a giant recession, whatever it might be. What are the odds that at least one of those will happen to you? And the answer is 100%. And we I think a lot of people don't want to admit that. And when that happens, the savings that you have is going to be more valuable than anything that you've that you've ever had. >> And for the person who's still thinking, I mean, what's the point? I can barely pay my bills. What do you want them to know? >> The first thing I want you to know is I feel you. I empathize with you. I don't judge you. But the second thing you should know is that it is >> Hey, it's your friend Mel and welcome to the Mel Robbins Podcast. Hey, it's Mel. My team was showing me that 57% of you who watch here on YouTube are not subscribed yet. Could you do me a quick favor? Hit subscribe. It's free and that way you don't miss any of the episodes that I post here on YouTube. It also lets me know that you're enjoying the guests and you love the content that I'm bringing you because I want to make sure you don't miss anything. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for hitting subscribe. All right, you ready? I bet you are. So, let's dive in. Morgan Hustle, welcome to the Mel Robbins podcast. >> Thanks for having me, Mel. Happy to be here. >> I am so glad you're here. Thank you for jumping on a plane. I am a huge fan. I got to give a shout out to my husband, Christopher Robbins, because he was the one who first introduced me to your work, The Psychology of Money, Changed My Life. I am so excited for your new blockbuster, The Art of Spending Money. And we're going to get into all the takeaways from your mega bestsellers, but I wanted to start by asking you, Morgan, if you could speak directly to the person who is here spending time together with us right now and share with them what could be different about their life or the life of somebody that they care about that they share this episode with if they take everything to heart that you're about to share with us and teach us today and apply it to their life. I think it would be that your ability to feel wealthy, to feel rich, to be financially independent is absolutely in your control. It doesn't matter who you are, where you're from, how much money you make, what your job is, you can do it. And we I think we've told ourselves for generations that in order to become rich, you have to have the right educational background. You have to have the right career. You have to come from the right family. And I don't think it's it's true. It's not about how smart you are. It's about how you think about money. It's about how you behave. and behavior is in everybody's control. >> I don't know why I believe you, but I do. Like I literally no matter how in debt you are, no matter how old you are, you can learn. And that's kind of one of the big lessons I'm going to talk about that I've distilled from your work that has changed my life and my relationship with money and the way I think about money, the way I save it, the way I spend it. It doesn't matter the starting point at all. Lesson number one that I've learned from you is you can get good with money. You believe that? >> I've seen it time and time again. And there are so many examples of it. Let me give you this example here. An ordinary person doesn't have a good education. Maybe they didn't even graduate high school, let's say, but they have good financial behavior. They can think long term. They can keep their expectations in check. They're patient. They have those behavioral qualities. That person can do very well. But the person who went to Harvard and got an MBA and went to work on Wall Street has the best education, the best connections, the best experience, that person can easily go broke. and they do not uncommon for that to happen and that is not true in other fields. It is impossible to think of an ordinary person who didn't go to high school, didn't go to college performing open heart surgery better than a Harvard trained doctor. That's impossible. That will never happen. But it does happen with money because it's not about what you know. You don't need to know the secret formulas. You don't need to have secret connections. If you just get your behavior right and your thinking right, you can do well. patience, keeping your expectations in check, not comparing yourself to other people, using money as a tool to live a better life instead of a yard stick to measure yourself against others by it's very simple stuff and it's all in your head and it's I think it's it's 99% of what people need to know to do well with money is in your control. Well, I think one of the mistakes that I made for a very long time, particularly before I bumped into your work, is I believed that there was some secret formula, that there was some private club for rich people, that it was about who you know, where you went to school. And what I love about your work is that you basically say, "No, no, no, no. You're focusing on the wrong stuff. There are actual behaviors that we can learn that will help you get good with money." >> Exactly. And they're not that difficult either. They're in your control. It's not to say that they're easy, but they're simple. And so just just a couple of the behaviors. If you have an ability to focus internally on your own goals rather than constantly comparing yourself against others, if you can save a little bit of your money, live even slightly below your means, invest that money and be patient. Just those things, just those very that's a kindergarten list of topics that I just gave you. That's not a bunch of Greek formulas. It's not a bunch of Wall Street gibberish. It's not a bunch of acronyms. These are very simple things and that's it. Part of this too is redefining what what I mean by financially successful. I'm not talking private islands and private jets. But for most people, what they actually want if you said, "What is your ultimate financial goal?" They would say, "I want to have a stable housing for myself and my family. I want to have a little bit of cushion to fall back onto if I were to get laid off or have a medical emergency. I want to be able to have a dignified retirement someday. I want to be able to spend time with my kids. Those are very good financial goals. And that level of wealth and success, I think, is in within everybody's control. >> Well, you said you wanted to teach us how to use money as a tool. >> Yes. >> To live a better life versus using it as a yard stick >> to measure yourself against others by. >> Correct. And that's one of the core things you're going to teach us how to do and why this is so important today. >> Of course. And it's easier said than done. It is so natural for everybody to compare yourself against others. For me to measure my level of success by not saying what do I have but but by saying what do I have relative to that guy. Not how not how not how comfortable is my house but by saying how big is my house relative to that person over there to my neighbor to my co-orker to my siblings. And one of the problems that makes it more difficult today than it's ever been is that it used to be for my parents' generation, my grandparents generation, when they compared themselves to other people, it was relative to their neighbors or their co-workers, it was a pretty small group of people. Maybe a couple people who you saw on TV or heard about on the radio. But now today, just everybody, including myself, their comparison group is the most sophisticated algorithm on Instagram or Tik Tok. And so no matter how well you're doing, no matter how great your house is, no matter how much money you're making, you turn on Instagram a 100 times a day like everybody else, you open it up and there is somebody out there who looks better, happier, more successful, more beautiful than you are. And so this topic, I think, has always been true. It's always been important. It is more important today than it's ever been. the idea of keeping your expectations in check because it's easier today than it's ever been to let your expectations just spiral out of control. I see this with my own kids. My nine-year-old son, his when I was growing up, normal people drove old pickup trucks and rich people drove new pickup trucks. That was that was like the definition in my head. Like if you had a new pickup truck, like, oh, there's a rich person. My son who's nine, his definition of rich is like a private jet in a private island because he watches Mr. Beast and it's like, oh, sit in the circle and you'll win a million bucks kind of. It's a completely different level of expectations than even I had 20 or 30 years ago. And so it's >> and the hardest thing you're gonna have is that even though you're one of the most compelling financial experts on the planet, your kids won't listen to you, Morgan. >> No, of course not. >> Of course not. No. I think that's really important place to start because you have already dropped so many takeaways and one of them was developing a skill set of looking inside yourself for what matters rather than looking outside yourself at Mr. Beast or what's on the social algorithm or what your neighbor is driving for that yard stick. But you did mention this sense that you're falling behind. >> Yeah. And so many people today in particular are feeling like they're falling behind. I mean, I have we have a 26-year-old and a 24 year old and they are already feeling as though, okay, I'm not making enough money and how am I ever going to buy a house and how am I going to pay for a life? If the person listening has that sense that they're falling behind, particularly if you're older and you say it's too late, like I've already blown it, Morgan. What do you want them to hear right now? I think there's a couple things. One is empathy because there are areas in life where particularly a lot of people in their 20s, 30s, and 40s are falling behind relative to previous generations, particularly something like home ownership where it was more attainable in previous generations than it is has been particularly in the last couple of years. So empathy, this is not me saying, "Oh, you should just feel better. You should just be more grateful for what you have. You you actually are doing fine." There is some empathy that has to be involved here. And also for people that thought they were going to be able to retire at a certain age and then the cost of living has gone up so much or medical bills are at a certain state that you're realizing oh my god I don't have enough money right >> to be able to retire and so it is important to basically go these are very real feelings that people have right now and so if we start with empathy where do we go next Morgan? Well, I think you start with empathy because if somebody feels like they're falling behind, that's their truth. But I think it's it's important to realize, too, that all happiness is just the gap between expectations and reality. >> All right, say that again. All happiness >> all happiness is the gap between expectations and reality. You have the life you're living. You have the life you expect to live. In between there is is is where you can find some level of happiness. And the wider that gap is, the more miserable you're going to feel. >> Okay. So, let's talk about somebody who is in a situation where they thought they would be further along with their savings and they're starting to panic because they're worried that their money is going to run out before they die or they're not going to be able to retire. How do you use that happiness definition right now if that's the reality? >> This is not true for everybody. This is not black and white, but there are a lot of these cases, I would say the majority of these cases where the reason that person has not been able to save as much as they thought is because their expectations for many years probably have been spiraling out of control and they were spending more money than they should have been because they were trying to chase who they wanted to be even if it wasn't necessarily the level of lifestyle that they could afford. And so they were renting an apartment that was very nice because they had an expectation that that's where they should be and they were comparing themselves to other people even if it was kind of out of their budget. They were traveling and dressing and eating out in a way because that's who they felt that they should be even if they couldn't necessarily afford it. >> Morgan, you're calling us out here. >> I'm calling everybody out. Yes. I've I've been in this situation, too. There's no shame in it. This is a very common thing that I think everyone will experience. And I think a lot of why I got interested in this topic, every book that I've written started with looking in the mirror and being like, when have I been envious? When have my expectations spiraled out of control? No one is immune to this. So there's nothing to be there's nothing to be ashamed of. >> So there's a little bit of cuz cuz you know, just in full disclosure, I entered my marriage with $10,000 of credit card debt that my husband did not know about and then proceeded to hide it from him. But the truth is, I just walked my credit card into stores and bought stuff I didn't need with money I didn't have. >> And then even if I look at what happened to my husband and I when I was 41 years old and his restaurants were going under and taking our house and our entire life savings with it, the truth is we did spend a lot of money we didn't have. We did rack up that debt. And I remember several years later as we were starting to climb our way out, there was a level of relief when I could say to myself both, I'm responsible for this mess. I can see how I made dumb decisions at the time because I had outsized expectations for how I thought things were going to go. And admitting it to myself in a weird way made me feel like, well, if I've got the power to make dumb decisions, then maybe if I wake up and recognize that I've got the power to make better decisions. >> Yes, that's that's absolutely true. What happens with expectations for a lot of people? Yeah. >> Is look, if I said I want to be a 10% better dad, that's a good goal. But what does that mean? How what does that even mean? How how do I track that? How do I measure? That's impossible. But if I said, "I want I'm living in a one-bedroom apartment and I want a two-bedroom apartment." That that makes sense. If I said, "I want three new pairs of jeans." That's easy to wrap your head around. Money is so quantifiable. It's so easy to just say, "Uh, right now I'm making $20 an hour. I want to get to 25." >> Got it? >> I can measure it so quickly that it becomes this thing where we chase money because it's so easy to measure. And we chase spending because it's so easy to contextualize. And so if you don't have a good idea of what a good life looks like, >> it's very easy to just say a good life is one in which I have more money because it's so much easier to understand than how can I become a better dad? How can I become a better parent, a better spouse, a better friend, a better worker? That's hard to wrap your head around. Will Smith had this great I thought it was so astute and profound. He wrote this in his biography. He said when he was depressed and poor, he could tell himself, "If only I had more money, all my problems would go away." And that gave him hope. I just need to go out and make more money. And once I had more money, all of my depression, all of my doubts would go away. And then he became rich and he was still depressed. And then he said he lost hope because he couldn't say, "If only I had more money." And so we chase money because it's so easy to wrap our heads around. and we chase it with the idea that it's the solution to all of our problems. Even if it can solve some problems, but not the biggest ones, the hole that you're trying to fill, the psychological hole that you're trying to fill is probably not going to be filled with money. >> So, the takeaway that I've got from what you just shared, which is much deeper, is that if you're sitting there listening and you're saying, "I'm so behind. I'm so behind. I'm so behind." There's two things to do. First of all, you're in the right place because we're going to be learning from you exactly what to do, Morgan. And one of the first things you said is it's not too late because there are simple, you said kindergarten level behavior changes >> that you can make that will help you be good with money. But the deeper thing to ask yourself is what is the hole that money is trying to fill for me? >> Yes. And are there things that I can do right now in terms of redefining what it means in my 20s or my 60s to be a good friend or to have a good life or to take better care of myself that don't involved hitting myself over the head about my financial life. >> Exactly. That's it. >> Got it. You know, one of the things I want to talk about before we really start unpacking some of the tactics is that at this exact moment in time, it is a really challenging moment when it comes to money, finances, the job market. If you really identify with that sense that I'm actually scared, I'm scared I can't get a job. I'm scared about being able to make it. Where do you start, Morgan? I think if somebody says, "I'm scared about my money." Yeah. That's their truth. And you have to empathize with that. If someone were to say, "It is worse now than it was for previous generations." That I think you can push back on a little bit more. And you can say, "So, because you could look back at how people lived in the 1950s and the 1960s and the 1970s and say, look, I I empathize with how scared you are today. It is probably not true that we are worse off today than we were in previous generations." You know, I one thing I've always thought is very interesting is if you ask most Americans, when was peak middle class prosperity? When was when were the glory days? A lot of people will point to a lot of people will point to the 1950s is what they'll point at as peak middle class prosperity. But what's interesting is that if you looked at how the average middle class family lived in the 1950s and who we are aspiring to want to go back to, it is a quality of life that we would consider abject poverty today. I mean, the average middle-ass family house in the 1950s was about 800 square f feet for you, you know, two bedrooms for you and your four kids, no air conditioning, no washer and dryer, no go on down the list of what it was like back then. They were very happy. They were very content with it back then, but it's not a level of contentment that you would have today. And so, a lot of what what is with with finance is that it's not necessarily that these things will make you happier if you were to have more money. It's not necessarily that you would be happier. And that when most people think, "Oh, if only I had a bigger house, then I'd be happy." And when you imagine yourself taking a fancy vacation, you imagine how happy you would be. The emotion that you're actually thinking about is not happiness. It's contentment. If I imagine myself in Hawaii with my kids next year, and I'm just envisioning that in my head, I can come up with this emotion inside and be like, "Oh, that would be great. I would be so happy with that." But actually, the emotion that I'm envisioning is being content with that. It's being in Hawaii and saying, "This is enough. This is all I want. I don't want anything else." What actually happens to people if they do go to Hawaii with their kids is they're sitting on the beach and and they say, "If only I had stayed at the nicer hotel. If only we had stayed for a couple days longer. If only we had eaten at the nice nicer restaurant last night. How come those people got a better room? How come they got better beach chairs?" And so, you're not actually content with the experience that you're having. And so, when you realize that what you're actually chasing is contentment, you're not chasing more. you're chasing just I I just want to be happy with what I have. The first step is realizing that a lot of your money woes and a lot of what you're feeling in terms of falling behind and a lot of your gap between what you have and what you want is a solely a factor of your expectations. What if you don't think you're good with money though? Like cuz so because for a long time I had a story in my head. I'm just not good with money. Like I I'm bad with money. And let's say you're somebody who's gone through a divorce. You're financially wrecked. You gave all the power to your partner. Now you're starting over. Can anyone get good with money for real? >> You can if you want to. And I think the people who say, "I'm not good with money." don't want to be. That's that they use that as their excuse to say. >> Come on now. Really? >> I think that they use that as their excuse. This is not a difficult thing to wrap your head around. This is very basic arithmetic. Spend less money than you make. Save the difference. Be patient. That's that's it. This what we're talking about. You could explain this to a 5-year-old. And so if you're saying I'm not good with money, it's you're making a choice to not get better. Nothing is easier than bad financial habits that you want to have. Like we live in a society that it's very easy to overspend. A lot of people are willing to give you credit cards, give you debt. It is very easy to have bad financial habits. And if you want those, that's an easy thing to do. As soon as you actually want it, this is not a difficult thing for anybody. This conversation reminds me of something that I saw a musician say. I wish I could remember who it was, but I saw a musician saying, "Everybody loves it when I tell the story about how I had to live in my car for a year while I was just starting out, but nobody actually wants to live in their car for a year. >> Nobody ever wants to do it >> while they're starting out, >> right?" And so a lot of these things for people who are in debt, you you you are one of these people, you can empathize with this, I know, is that yes, it's going to be a sacrifice to get out of this. This might require a downshift in lifestyle relative to what you are used to. And so for a lot of people who say, "I'm not good with money." I think what they're what they're actually saying is, "I don't want to make the sacrifice. I'm unwilling to make the sacrifice to do it." And I think that is that is true. Now what is true the reason that you like the story about the guy living in the car is because I think people actually love stories or doing this themselves of suffering for a noble goal. >> I think this is true in so many aspects of humanity that it's not that people like humans are very willing to suffer and put in hard work and sweat if the goal is noble enough. I'm wondering if the noble goal for getting good with money is so that you'll be content with your life, not so that you'll make a lot of money. >> To me, the noble goal, what it's always been for myself, and I think this is true for the majority of people, is independence. I have no desire to be rich in the sense of a big a giant house, flashy cars. I I I have no desire to live that life. I want to be independent. I want to wake up every morning and say, I can do whatever I want today. And I'm using money as a tool to foster that. That's always been my goal. Now, that's very different from saying, "I want a bigger house," or, "I want a house." You know, it's it's it's a goal of independence. And my grandmother-in-law, who had no money, was completely independent. She was beholden to no one else's influence but her own. And she lived an amazing life because of it. There are billionaires, there are deca billionaires out there who are completely beholden to the opinions and the influence of other people. And so there are a lot of people for whom money is a is a financial asset, but it's a psychological liability. It completely controls their identity and who they are. And there's other people who actually don't have that much money. They have no psychological liability. They're in complete control over their personality and their goals. I've I've often used this. It's a very imperfect idea, but I think about if I was on a deserted island, maybe with just me and my family, nobody else could see how I was living. Nobody else could see my house. Nobody else could see my car. It's completely invisible to everybody else. What kind of lifestyle would I live? If nobody else was watching, what kind of lifestyle would I choose to live? And in that situation, myself and I think most people would instantly shift from uh status to utility. I have no interest in status if nobody can watch it. I have interest in utility. >> And so the kind of house that I would want to live in, the kind of car that I would drive would instantly shift from what are other people impressed by towards what is actually going to foster a good life for myself and my family. And they're very different things. You could be you can make a hund00 million a year and feel like you're falling behind if you're chasing other people. There's a great quote from the comedian Jimmy Carr where he says, "Everybody is jealous of what you've got. Nobody is jealous of how you got it. And that's another one of these points. It's very easy for me or or you to look at people who are more successful than we are and say if we had that level of success, I would be happier. Because when we look at them, I can I can see your house. I can see your car. Can see your clothes. I can see the material aspect of your success. I cannot see the hard work and the stress of how you got it and what it took and what it took to get there. So, this is one of the problems with envy and financial envy that we have for other people is that you don't have a good sense of what their life was and what else is going on in their life outside of of money. And this is why some of the studies that are so hard to wrap your head around, there's so hard to even believe that these are true, the studies that show that people who are wealthy are not necessarily as happy as you would think they would be. >> But here's the thing. When I hear that study, I'm like, who cares? Because I just want to be wealthy. You know what I'm saying? Like, like, let them be unhappy. I'll be the one person who's wealthy who's happy. I promise you, >> Or there's a lot of people who say, "Okay, that might be true, but let me experience it myself." >> They're like, they're like, "Let me get there." Because I think the pull is so profound in our heads that if only I had more money, these problems would go away. It seem It seems like, how could that not be true? And I think the people who have experienced it would say, "No, it can be true. Just much less than you thought." As a financial expert with more than two decades of experience of research and writing and teaching this topic, what's the number one thing that keeps people broke? >> It's this overwhelming sense of keeping up with other people and this overwhelming sense of other people have more than I do and they're doing better than I am and they're happier than I am. And that treadmill has has no end there. There's no end to that treadmill where you're going to say, "If only I had this much money, then I'd be content. If only I had a bigger house, then I'd be content." Once you're on the treadmill, it's it goes on forever. And if you're on it, it's almost impossible to feel like you're doing well with money. There's no amount of satiation of if you got a raise, then then you'll be okay. If you if you bought if you bought these nicer clothes, then then I would be happy. Then I would be content with it. you can be content with a pretty low level of material items. Of course, there's a basic need of food and shelter, whatnot, above what you need. You move into the the realm of what you want. >> Well, I think we're all there. Like any one of us, if we're being honest with ourselves, can walk into our closet and say, "There are roughly 12 pieces of clothing that we wear all the time." Yes. >> And the rest of it were all things that I wanted in the moment or I thought I needed or I thought would impress somebody if I were going to a wedding. But you didn't actually need it. And that is what keeps people broke. That's it. It's the simplest thing. And I think people know it. They may not want to hear it, but they know it. That it's your desire to keep up with other people. >> Your mega bestseller, The Psychology of Money, changed my life, changed the way I think about money, changed my mindset about money. And I want to read to you on page 41. This is the chapter never enough. >> Yep. And you write, "The hardest financial skill is getting the goalpost to stop moving. If expectations rise with results, there is no logic in striving for more because you'll feel the same after putting in extra effort. It gets dangerous when the taste of having more. More money, more power, more prestige increases ambition faster than satisfaction. In that case, one step forward pushes the goalpost two steps ahead. You feel as if you're falling behind and the only way to catch up is to take greater and greater amounts of risk. Can you unpack that for us? >> It's funny when you read that. I I remember writing those sentences. I remember where I was when I wrote those specific. I was in my basement at a house in Virginia where I wrote this book. And um I I remember writing that and thinking I I mentioned this earlier, but so much of what I write about is self-reflection. And it's not that I've mastered these things and I'm just trying to show you how smart I am. It's like I wrote that because I've fallen for that trap all all the time. It's true that the expectations game has has no ending. There's there's always somebody who is getting richer faster than you. And if you're always just seeking validation, if your key to happiness is always if only I had what that person has, you're never going to be satisfied with with what you have. And the the more dangerous thing I think is once you are once you have that mindset that if only I had more, I would be happier, then it kind of grows exponentially because if if you tell yourself, I'll be happy once I have $10,000. And then you get 10,000 and you're like, oh, maybe it's a hundred,000. If if I had $100,000, then I'd be happy. and then maybe you're fortunate enough to get that money and then it's oh maybe it's a million it grows exponentially >> and so I also think that there is this thing that happens at least it happened for me that as I started to feel like I wasn't under such crushing debt or I got some reward at work a small bonus whatever I immediately upticked the amount of money or the expense of the thing that I was already buying >> right and and part of that I think is is fine I think people can spend money in a way that's going to make them happier. There are some people who would give you the advice of like it's never going to make you happier. Just save everything that you can live like a monk. And I that that's not my message. I think you can spend money as well. I I found ways of spending money in my own household. I'm like, "Oh, that was that was well worth it." But I also back to the expectations thing. I grew up around Lake Tahoe, California. Okay. >> And this was before tech money where Tahoe and Truckucky, the town that I lived in, was not very wealthy. It is now because tech money came in, but back then it was very much a middle class town. And then I I went to college in Los Angeles and I couldn't believe making that shift from middle class mountain town to Beverly Hills kind of area. What it did to my e to my definition of rich. As I said earlier, it used to be that my definition of rich was a new pickup truck, a new a new F-150 was that's a rich person. And I moved to LA and it would just it just exploded. No matter how successful you are, you pull up to a stoplight and even if you're driving a Lamborghini, there's 17 others right there and you never feel like you're you're getting enough. And the conditions for happiness, I think, were much greater in that middle class town. Now, I was I did a pretty good job in LA in my own mind of still keeping my expectations in check. I think a lot of that was fear. I always had a fear that I was never going to make it. And so I was saving as much as I could just out of a sense of of of fear. Um but if I look at everybody else like who who who was happier? It was the people who were living a modest life, enjoyed their family, had good time with their friends, focused on their health, and lived what was by comparison to others a very modest life. And so I think about that now of like what should your aspiration be? It's interesting with parents. If you ask parents, "What do you want for your kids?" Particular if their kids are young, most parents will say, "I I I just want them to be happy when they're older." And then if you say, "Well, do you want them to be rich and successful?" The parents will probably say, "Well, yeah, that would probably be great, but I just want them to be happy." And I think parents say that because you know there's a difference between the two. You know, there's a difference between being rich and being happy. You've experienced it as an adult. Mhm. >> And so even if your kids are middle class, doing modest by expectations, you know that they can be happy if they're keeping their expectations in check and they're focusing on the things that matter. >> Well, what I love that you keep coming back to is that your definition truly for the word happiness and the way we casually use it is contentment, which means you are in the present moment of your life. >> And you are not seeking something more. you're able to be okay with where things are and where things aren't. How can somebody figure out why they're buying something? Because I think most of us mindlessly spend money because in the moment we want that thing or we're bored or stressed or whatever. Like most people don't actually know why they're spending money. So how can you Morgan start to become conscious of exactly why you're spending your money on things? I think with every dollar that you spend, it's always one of two buckets. And you should ask yourself which bucket this falls into. Is buying this thing going to make me and my family happier, or am I buying it to impress other people, most of whom are strangers? It's it's always one of those two things. If I'm buying food, that's for me and my family, clear as day. If I'm buying uh new clothes, a lot of that might be or new car, a lot of that might be my attempt to impress strangers, most of whom are not paying any attention to you whatsoever. It's always one of those two things. Do you want to use money as a tool to live a better life, or do you want to use money as a as a as a yard stick of status to measure yourself against others by? It's completely normal and natural to have that. But when you realize that that's the game that you're playing, that a lot of these aspirations that I have are to impress people who are not even paying attention to me and they're not paying attention to me because they're busy worrying about themselves. They're busy in their own heads saying, "Are people impressed with me? Are is are people looking at me?" And that is a that's that's a huge part of what's going on inside these people's heads is that their biggest aspiration in life is trying to impress strangers who are not even looking to begin with. Well, that was a huge that was one of the big lessons from your work for me, which is every dollar you spend falls in two buckets. >> One of those two things. >> You're either spending money to make other people think something about you, or you're spending money in a way that makes you feel good about you. How do you know the difference between the pair of jeans that you're about to buy that you don't need, but they look really cool, and you know, you think you're going to look good in them, and you're also feeling bad about your body, so you hit spend. How do you dissect that? Because I think a lot of us don't understand exactly why we're buying things. >> I had this experience in in college. I wrote about it in my first book, The Psychology of Money. I was a valet at a five-star hotel in Los Angeles. >> I love this story. >> It was it was so much it was such a cool job. There's never been a better job. I would I would go back and do that job again. It was so >> Why did you love that job so much? >> It was two things. I got to drive very fancy cars and in the mind of a 19-year-old boy parking a Ferrari, there's there's nothing better in the world. And two, I didn't really realize this uh explicitly at the time, but it was my first window into the psychology of very wealthy people. And that to me was absolutely I learned so much during those years age, you know, 18 to 22. And one of the things I realized and it I I I remember when this hit me during a shift that if somebody came into the hotel driving a Ferrari or a Lamborghini, I would stop and look at the car and be impressed. But I would never look at the driver and say, "That guy is so cool." What I would do is I would imagine myself as the driver. And I imagine that if I was driving, people would look at me and say, "Look at Morgan. He's so cool." And one day I was like, "Do do you see the irony? I don't care about the driver, but I want to be the driver because I think people will care about me." And it was this stark realization of like nobody is thinking about you as much as you are. They're busy thinking about themselves. And even when people are impressed with your house or your car, what they're actually doing is saying, "If I had Mel's house, if I had Morgan's car, then I would be h then people would look at me." And so the idea that everyone is pretty selfish and self-centered in that sense where they're not impressed with you. They might be impressed with your stuff because they're imagining having your stuff. Once I came to terms with that, my desire for impressing other people plunged. Didn't plunge to zero. I don't want to walk around in a burlap sack. I want to impress my co-workers and my I I want to look professional. I want to, you know, back then when I was trying to find a girlfriend who became my wife. Then then it was very important. But the idea that no one's thinking about you as much as you are will collapse your aspirations in a wonderful way and it will get you towards contentment much quicker than anything else. >> That is such a mindblowing realization because if we're all chasing all this stuff on the outside so that people look at the stuff that we have and then think we're amazing. >> Yeah. You're proving in that simple example that's not how the human brain works at all. They think the stuff is cool. They don't think you are. >> Everything being a competition for resources. It's it's it's rarely saying being impressed with another people. Not not never. And this is I think it's the same with your spouse, your partner. My wife does not care at all what kind of car I drive. She doesn't care about what new jeans I bought. She couldn't care. What she cares about is am I a good dad? Am I a good spouse? Am I a good friend? Am I patient and understanding and helpful? That's it. And I think you can extend that analogy to anything else in your life. Your friends, your co-workers, your relationship with your children. We spend so much time saying, "If only I had nicer things, bigger things, better things, then that would be better." What matters, and people know intuitively that this matters, is that you are a good spouse, a good friend, a good parent. If you do want strangers to be impressed with you, they're not going to be impressed with your car. they will be impressed with how kind and caring and helpful you are to them. Now, that's easier said than done, too, because I think the overwhelming urge is, "Yeah, Morgan, like, I might I I might believe what you're saying, but I still think this car would make me happy." Like, it's such a powerful thing that we have that it's it's not something that you can just get over immediately. And even after doing this for 20 years and writing these books, it's not something that I've been able to fully overcome. And another way to prove this point is that I guarantee you in your social circle, there is somebody that you know that has a huge house or an amazing car and you would not want to be near them and they're miserable. >> And so just having all that stuff that you want doesn't make you like them. And so I think intellectually we know this, but if you have bad spending habits, how do you change them? Morgan, >> I think you first have to ask the question, why do you have bad spending habits? What hole are you trying to fill? What has buying these things done to your happiness in the past? And if the answer is nothing, which is probably the answer, trying to fill that hole first, trying to answer that question first. So, I think you have to kind of start on the therapist's couch, literally or figuratively, and take a look in the mirror and being like, what am I trying to achieve? Who do I want to become? Why do I want to be that? And why am I striving for these things? And for a lot of people, it's kind of like a binge spending that has got them into trouble where it's a stress relief. It's a relief valve. >> And I think what the valve I think in your head, what you probably think it is is if I bought these things, then my problems would go away. And the truth is that that might be true in the moment. For spending, it's almost never true. It's very rarely true that your spending is going to fill any kind of emotional hole that you have. And the other thing is that if you're buying these things, particularly on credit, you have bad habits, you're getting yourself into debt. the new sweater that you bought might give you a day or two of happiness before it's either worn out or you don't care about it much anymore, but the but the paying it off is going to stick with you for years or months or even decades. And so that kind of thing of controlling your future and independence. You know, every dollar of debt that you have from these poor spending habits is a piece of your future that somebody else owns. It's a piece of your time that you owe to the bank, you owe to the lender. And the opposite of that is every dollar of savings that you have, the reverse of bad spending habits is a piece of your future that you own, that you have control over. Every single dollar, >> I viewed this since I was 17, that every dollar that I save, even if it was literally $1 of my future that I gained back. >> That's always how it felt to me. And that's always been my uh my goal for saving and my motivation for saving was I just want to be independent. I just want to wake up and do whatever I want. And I feel like my savings has bought that. It's not when I save money, it's not because I say, "Oh, I'm saving up to buy a new car." Even though there there can be that and that could be great. If I save $100, I view that as purchasing $100 of independence. I'm spending that money. It's giving me independence today. >> And I think that can be an antidote to bad spending habits. A lot of people will say, "Why save money?" like they they don't really understand the purpose of saving money, >> right? Because if you don't have a lot of money, >> it feels it feels useless. >> It's weird. Why would I put $20 away from my paycheck because that's all I can afford to do right now? >> It's all that you can do. And so it feels like why even bother? I might as well just yolo to spend spend all of it. I think once you shift the mentality from why save $100 to spend in the future if I could just spend $100 right now, why am I putting why am I delaying this gratification if I could have it immediately? If you view it like that, then I understand the mentality of yolo, spend everything. Why even save? Doesn't matter. Let's just go into debt. Who cares? Once you view it as at $100, you are purchasing today $100 of independence, $100 of peace, $100 of sleeping better at night. >> Then it it completely shifts the game. And so if I save $100, that's not delayed gratification. that today in this moment today and tonight gives me a $100 of happiness and more contentment today because I feel like I'm more independent than I was before I saved that money. And when you get back to I think what most people want out of money, >> oh my god, most people think the buying the nice car is the flex. You're saying >> independence is the flex. There's a great quote from Nasim Taleb where he says uh my only metric of indep of success is how much time you have to kill. And now, you know, there's there's obviously a spectrum of that, but that's always been I I just want independence. And you can have independence at a pretty low level of financial income and assets. That was my grandmother-in-law. She had nothing and she had pure independence. You can be one of the richest men in the world and have no independence. Completely beholden to the opinions and the desires of somebody else. And there are multi-billionaires who are way less independent than my grandmother-in-law. And that I think is a empowering message of like your feeling of being independent is a is a feeling. It's a story that you've told yourself. >> It's not there. There there's no financial level at which like okay once you have this much money then you're set free. You can be a multi-billionaire and completely beholden to other people. You can have very little money and have pure financial independence in your head. Let's touch on investing because you have a really great take on this. You said that success in investing has more to do with long-term thinking and avoiding jealousydriven behavior. >> Yeah. >> Why is that so powerful? >> All compound interest. So compound interest is an incredible thing of just you're growing your money over time and it grows at an increasingly higher level and that's how you become. Can you explain that to the person listening who may not know what that is? Cuz I know a lot of people are going to share this episode to people in their lives who may have never ever listened to anybody when it comes to the psychology of money or how to change your behaviors around money. So what is compounding interest? >> So let me explain it very simply. We have we have $100 and we earn a 10% return on our money this year. So in one year we have $110% return. So you earn $10 in profit this year. I'm also going to earn a 10% return next year. So now I earn 10% on $110. So my profit that year is 11. So my profit in year one is $10. My profit in year two was $11. The profit in year three might be 12 or $13. It's growing every year because you are earning gains on your gains. And if and if you extend that over a lifetime over 30 or 40 or 50 years, the returns get absurd. And so the example that I use in my book is Warren Buffett, the greatest investor of all time. He's worth over hundred billion dollars. Nobody comes close to the level of investing success that he's achieved. 99% of his net worth was accumulated after his 60th birthday. >> Say that again. >> 99% of his net worth was accumulated after his 60th birthday. Now when he was 60, he was a billionaire. absurdly successful by any metric, but he became worth over a hundred billion dollars from age 60 to he's 94 today. And so the reason that's the case is that how compound interest works, it's not necessarily about what your returns are, it's about how long can you keep it going. And I think what is so empowering for ordinary people is that if you can be an average investor for an above average period of time, you can achieve absolutely incredible returns. And so a lot of people when investing they look well I can't compete against Wall Street. I can't compete against all these smart hot shots and the hedge funds. They know more things. They can earn higher returns that I can. And so you become discouraged. The truth is that you don't need to do anything extraordinary with your returns. You need to have extraordinary patience. And so if you can be average for 30 years you will end up in the top 1% of investors. My parents uh really personified this. My parents are smart, educated people, but they have no financial experience, no financial education, no financial background, no connections, no information that anybody listening to this doesn't have. Uh, but they have had extraordinary patience and and self-control and discipline. So, they have been investing consistently every month for 40 years. Never sold anything. Every month they invest a little bit of money, leave it alone for 40 years. If you look at their returns, they would literally be in the top of professional money managers without knowing anything, without having any extra information that you and I or anyone listening can't have because they had the one skill that actually mattered which was just patient patience and discipline. And that's all you need. That's the only thing that you need. And you know there's a there there's some very interesting stories of professional investors who I remember hearing the story about this professional investor who in any given year was never in the top half measured against his peers. In any given year you look at this money manager and you're like yeah did okay. Nothing extraordinary. But over 30 years he was he was the best because that's all you need. It's not about what you earn this year. It's about how long can you keep it going for is all that matters. you know, having been $800,000 in debt and having leans on my house, I and clawing my way out of it. You know, it's funny in almost every interview I get asked, "How did you get out of debt?" I'm like, >> 15 years of just clawing away at the bills and saving more than I spent. I mean, it was lowering expectations for my lifestyle. I mean, it was grueling. But now I notice that I'm afraid to really do anything that feels slightly risky. >> No. >> And I know there's a lot of people that are worried about losing their money. And so if you have a mindset where you're worried about losing the money that you have, do you still recommend that people invest in the stock market? >> Yeah. Uh but it's always the question is how much? And so I have that fear. I was I've never been buried in debt. I've always been a diligent saver, but I probably have. And if you put me on the psychologist's couch, you could maybe pull a string of why this might be, but I've always had kind of a worst case scenario, prepare for the worst mentality of everything that I've done in life. So, I think that's why I've been a big saver. And so, I have, if you looked at my entire net worth, I'm trying to, it's probably a half, maybe a little bit more than half in the stock market. Most financial adviserss, if you looked at somebody my age or my income, would say, "You can have way more than that." >> And I said, "No, no, no." Like, this that's that's fine. That's plenty. Because I have this kind of worst case scenario, yeah, thinking. And that's fine. That works. That works for my personality. My my financial goal in that aspect is maximizing for how well I sleep at night. I have no desire for my tombstone to say he was in the top 5% of investors. He outperformed the S&P 5. I I couldn't care less. I want to use money as a tool to help me sleep at night. That's the metric I'm going for. And so during periods when the market has done very poorly 2008 2020 during COVID, uh it didn't really have that much impact on me because it was I was never 100% in it. I always had plenty to fall back on to if things happen. So I have quite a bit of cash and bonds and like boring basic savings. >> And look, you like you you can overdose on that. You can overdo that. But I think the idea that most financials advisors would just say, "Well, look, you know, if you want to maximize your investing returns, this is this is how much you should have in the stock market." That can be true for some people, but you really have to look in the mirror with you and your maybe your spouse and your partner and say, "Well, like what are we trying to maximize for?" And I think there's no amount of investing return that can compensate for waking up at two in the morning and saying, "Oh am I doing this right? Have I gone too far?" There's no amount of return, at least for me, that would be worth it for that. I I would much rather just use money as a tool to be happy and look at my savings and think, you know, I have young kids right now. When I think about my savings, >> I think about if something terrible happened to our family, my career, our health, whatever it might be, this savings is a cushion >> to prevent hardship on my children. >> Now, everyone's in a different situation, but for me at this phase of my life, that's that's what it is to me. And so it's not about like, oh, am I maximizing investing return? It's, am I using this as a tool to give myself and my kids, my wife a better life. That's what it is for me personally. >> Well, and that's what you said at the very beginning. You either use your money as a tool in order to live a good life and to be content. And you've now introduce this question, what am I maximizing for? >> Right? and or you're using it as this yard stick so that you can measure up with people externally. >> Right. And there's >> those are the two things >> and there's a graveyard of stories of people most of them were very wealthy people who the goal of their investments was beat other people. >> Their goal was outperform the next guy and it completely backfired on their they were chasing a goal that had no impact on their quality of life and that has that's never made much sense to me. It's always just been like, how can I use this as a tool to be happier? And there are a lot of people I explained in psychology money how I invest my money. And I was maybe not surprised, but I think it's so interesting to me that it seems like their goal is making the spreadsheet happy. >> Their goal is so that you could come up with a formula that says you're maximizing return. And my goal has always been use it as a tool to live a better life. >> What is the shorthand version? I do I know you do write about it in your book for how you do invest your money. So I invest in what are called index funds which are very boring, very basic. You basically own every stock in the universe. Pick a public company. I own it in this fund. Very low cost. And I invest consistently every month, every quarter. And I've never sold anything in any significant amounts. And I hope to do that forever. I hope this is money that I pass along to my kids or charity or whatever it might be. And and that's it. It's as boring and basic as that. And if you look at my entire net worth, it's a house, cash, index funds, and shares of a company called Markeel, where I'm on the board of directors. And that that's it. It's it's as simple and boring as basic as you can get. The more complicated your investments are, the lower the odds that you can actually stick with them for 10 or 20 or 30 years. And getting back to compound interest, like all that matters is, can you stick with this? Can you keep this going for years or decades? And I think the simpler it is, the fewer levers you have to pull in your portfolio, the higher the odds that you're going to be able to stick with it for a long period of time. >> You keep saying the word patience. >> And I think it's both patience with the things that you're doing, patience with yourself as your life is not meeting your expectations. Yeah. Patience with your emotions when you feel like maybe if you bought that new thing, those new set of golf clubs, it'd make you feel a little less depressed. Patience. Patience. patience for somebody who's never invested. They don't look at their money. They feel intimidated by this. What would you say to them, Morgan? >> One of the most important things about investing in the stock market is that we know historically you can do very well over time. You can make a lot of money in the stock market over time. Like anything else in life, there is a cost of that. >> There there is a fee for doing that. And when I say fees, I'm not talking about fees to your adviser, fees to your broker. The fee for doing well in investing is putting up with a constant never-ending chain of volatility and uncertainty. That's what you're getting paid for. That's the cost of admission is putting up with the fact that I am very confident that the stock market will do well over the next 20 years. But I have no idea when that return is going to come. We might get all of that return next year and then have 19 years of stagnation. We might get 19 years of stagnation and then it all comes in year 20. We have no idea when it's going to come. And enduring that and putting up with that >> is the cost of admission. There are other investments out there that have no volatility. The savings account in the bank, you have no volatility, very predictable what your returns are going to be. Your returns are going to be low. Those are the returns that you deserve. And so if you're willing to put up with volatility and uncertainty and not knowing, that's that's the cost of admission. And historically, that has been a cost of admission that is worth paying. that if you can put up with that over time, 10, 20 years, you can do extraordinarily well. >> You know, Morgan, you make a huge distinction between being rich and wealthy. Can you walk us through the difference and why it matters? >> I think if you are rich, that by my definition, that means that you have the money in the bank to buy the things that you want. You can make your mortgage payment, you can make your car payment, you can pay for your dinners out, whatever you want to do. That's rich. Wealthy is independent. It's money in the bank that you're not spending. It is money. It's things that you have not purchased. It's savings. It's investments that's sitting there not being spent, but it's giving you independence. It's giving you financial independence and psychological independence where you can live your life in your way without chasing what other people what you think other people want out of you. And there are some pretty astounding examples of the two sides of the spectrum. I use this in the book, The Art of Spending Money. The Vanderbilt family was the richest family that the world had ever seen. Uh back in the 1800s, Cornelius Vanderbilt, if you adjust it for inflation, he had something like half a trillion dollars was his his net worth. And some of the other very wealthy families, the Carnegies, the Rockefellers, did a pretty good job at giving most of their money away to charity. The Vanderbilts basically said, "We're going to give it all to our kids and our grandkids and our great great grandkids." And their job is to live the biggest, most ostentatious life that you can possibly imagine. And the biographies that came from there of those Vanderbilt heirs would show, I think without exception that every single one of them was miserable. every single these are you know if you were a Vanderbilt heir in the early 1900s the day that you were born you got half a billion dollars trust fund and the only thing that was ever expected out of you in life was that you spend as big as you possibly can and every single one of them was miserable there's a book called fortune's children written by one of the heirs name is Arthur Vanderbilt and he talks about the history of his of his ancestors and it is a saddest one of the saddest books I've ever read because these people are people who maybe you and I and people listening would look at and say, "You're so lucky. That's I can't believe how lucky you got. You just got a billion dollars the day you were born." And you read it and you say like, "I I would not I would never I would never want that life because they were so they were very rich. They were the richest people in the world, but they had no independence. >> Everything was dictated about even including who they were allowed to marry was dictated by kind of the social circle of of their family. And to me, the most interesting part of the Vanderbilt family is that by this point today, virtually all the money is is gone. There are a couple Vanderbilt heirs that have some money, but the first Vanderbilt heir who got no inheritance, no trust fund, was Anderson Cooper, the CNN Post, who I'm sure most people are familiar with. His mother, Gloria Vanderbilt, was kind of the last person to get a big trust fund. And Anderson Cooper has talked about this that being the first Vanderbilt heir who didn't get much money was probably a good thing. He was the first person in his family in like 150 years who was told you have to go figure it out for yourself. You have to build your own career, make your own money, figure out your own way. And he's talked about this like he's probably the happiest person in his career. Not that he's had a perfect life, but he's he's probably one of the happiest. And I think that is again like if you look at the richest people because the Vanderbilts were the richest people in the world and they had no wealth by my definition. They had no independence. They had no ability to live their own life. I think that's the difference between rich and wealthy. >> It all comes back to what are you actually using money for? And the clearer you are about the drivers for why you're doing it, it changes what and how you're doing it. >> Yes. And it's so clear in my head like, would you rather earn $70,000 a year and your kids admire you? You've have a great marriage. You have barbecues with your friends and you sit and laugh and you're in good health. And would you rather have that life or make a million dollars a year and you're on your fifth divorce, your kids don't talk to you anymore, you're in terrible health, you're being sued by all of your business partners? It's when you frame it like that, it's the most obvious thing in the world. like would you rather have a good life and less money or more money and and a worse life? If you frame it like that, it's obvious. But still, even if you agree with that framing, it is so normal and natural to say, "Okay, but I'd still rather make a million dollars a year." Like the pull is still always there. >> Well, cuz you think you're going to be the exception. >> Everybody does. >> Everybody does. So, if you're in your 20s and you're just getting started, you haven't been a big saver, you're just got your first job out of college, Morgan, what is your advice in terms of getting good with money? >> A really simple tool that I I came to this by realizing that most people's who are making financial mistakes and have a problem with money, it's not because of the lack of intelligence, it's it's ignorance. And for most people, they actually have no idea how much money they're making or spending. And if you ask them like, "How much money do you make per month?" And how much money do you spend per month overall? Most people in that situation either couldn't tell you or they would give you an answer that's false. And I think the the very basic such boring advice that goes the longest is check your bank account balance every single day. It takes every day. Every day it takes 10 seconds. It's not that hard. And just to give yourself some sense of how much money is coming in and how much is going out, just be cognizant of it. I've never, now people don't do this anymore, but back in in a different generation, balancing your checkbook was always a big thing. Most people don't do it anymore, but I remember for my entire life since I've been a teenager, I've never had any desire to never need to do that because I know my bank account balance down to the dollar every day since I've been 16 or 17. And I think just having that awareness of what's going in and what's going out, it's the most basic advice. But for people who are new and starting out, nothing goes further than that. It's not a lack of intelligence, it's ignorance. You just have to become aware of what you're spending and how much is coming in and how much is going out. That's the very first thing. >> And what's the next thing? >> The other thing is financial independence exists on a spectrum. It's not black and white. So most people would say, we talked about this earlier, why save $20? That doesn't seem like it's going to make any difference whatsoever. So, I'm not even going to save. Every dollar that you save is a piece of your future that you own. Every dollar that you save is a little bit marginally more comfort that you're going to have if you get laid off, if you have a medical emergency, if your car breaks down, every single dollar is getting you to that place. So, if you view independence as black and white, either I'm filthy rich or there's no reason to do it, then I understand why you would say, "Why even save?" When you view it as every dollar that I save is a piece of my future that I control, it's a night of sleep in the future that's going to be a little bit better. I think the desire to save becomes even more. And you don't feel like it's idle money, like you're saving money and it's just sitting there not being used. It can give you pleasure today, right now. And I think some of the best financial decisions I've ever made was what I didn't do. I almost bought a house in my early 20s that I wouldn't have been able to afford. that would have locked me down to a region of the country that I didn't want to stay in. That would have done all kinds of things that in hindsight would have been terrible. And the freedom, the independence that I had by renting earlier in my life of getting up and going, moving to where the jobs were, I look back at that in hindsight as being an absolutely wonderful thing. >> Well, you know, as I listen to you, what I'm realizing it's also a matter of expectations. >> Yeah. If you expected to be able to afford a house in your late 20s or early 30s, then of course you're going to think you failed, >> right? >> But if you shift your expectations and say to yourself, if I'm patient, markets go up and down, >> inflation goes up and down, >> mortgage rates go up and down, if I am patient, I will be able to figure this out. And when the timing is right and when I can afford it, I will find the right house for me. >> Yes. And that's the way that you manage the stress that you feel right now because it's your expectation based on what societyy's telling you or your parents are telling you that is making you miserable around the topic. You know, one of the other big lessons of your work is the importance of mastering saving money. And I had always made the mistake of thinking about making more money. I got to make more money in order to have more money. and you really switched my thinking to focus on saving. Can you talk about why saving is so important versus the obsession with making more? >> Well, so much is is just what you need to be happy and content. And um you know, for someone it's I've always felt like my level of savings since I don't need that much to be happy. We live a my wife and I live a good life, but not a not a very materially flashy life. So, we don't need that much to kind of check the boxes in our life. And so, I feel like that can be a a superpower for your savings. If if you need $10,000 to be happy, but I only need $1,000 to be happy. Like, I'm getting way more out of that savings than you might. And so, once you realize that that gap between expectations and reality is like the feel the super like supercharging your savings, then it has a totally different feel. And so this is especially true when I was younger where saving $100 or $1,000 that was that made an extraordinary difference in my life. I think the wealthiest I've ever felt was when I had $5,000 in the bank. And I I remember just feeling like that's it was such an unfathomable amount of money at that phase in my life. And I look back at it now where that would that's a less meaningful amount of money to me now than it was back then. But I look back at it now, I'm like, "Yeah, but I was like I I I I thought it was more extraordinary back then." And isn't that kind of sad that like that made me feel so rich? I remember waking when I had $5,000 and just being like, I can't even fathom how much this is. And now I don't get that feeling with that kind of money. And isn't that kind of sad? That's what happens when your expectations kind of kind of spiral up. So the idea that the power of your savings is completely dependent on the expectations of what you have and the lifestyle that you want to live, I think is is is a pretty powerful idea. How do you switch the focus though from this obsession of making more to understanding the importance of saving? >> I' I've always viewed it as again back to independence. And if you are earning a high salary, but you need that money >> to to pay your bills this year, you have no independence whatsoever. But if you have lower expectations and a lower level of life, still a good life, not a not a completely frugal life, a good life, and your savings can cover some portion of that, that's going to give you a better sense of contentment in there. And so, look, I want to earn more money. I want to earn more money this year than I did last year. I want to earn more money next year. I have that as well. I think ambition is is a wonderful thing, but I also have a level of savings that would tell me that if I did not earn more money next year, even if my income collapsed next year, I'd be okay. And particularly at this phase of my life with kids, nothing matters more than me to that. If my career collapsed next year, we'd still have our house. We'd still have this level of savings that I've been saving for for, you know, 25 years having the savings built up to which we're going to be okay. Because income can be much more fickle than savings is, you know, most people over the course of their life, what are the odds that you will get laid off at some point in your life? >> Very high. >> Guaranteed. very almost 100% that at some point in your life your income is going to fall to zero. >> It might be for a week, it might be for a year, it might be for you, who knows how long it's going to last, but it will happen to you. So income is much more fickle than savings. >> And when that happens to you, and it will, or maybe it already has, the savings that you've built up in the previous years is going to be the most valuable thing that you've ever imagined. >> Morgan, what do you recommend we do paid? I view savings as an expense just as I would view rent or food or whatnot. Now, obviously, it is more subjective. You don't have to save in the sense that you have to buy food, but if but once you view savings as a nice to have, it's it's almost unavoidable that you're going to you're going to avoid doing it. Once you view it as I don't need to do this, you're going to view it as I shouldn't do it then. >> So, how do I think about it? If I think about it as an expense, >> I think about savings as the most valuable portion of my of my financial life. I think the idea that life is more fragile than we want to admit. Careers are more fragile than we want to admit. The economy and geopolitics are more fragile than we want to admit is why you should save. If we all lived in a world where we knew exactly how what our income and expenses would be in the future, this would all be very easy. But we don't. It's a constant chain of of unknowns and surprises in your personal life and throughout the broader country, the broader world. And that's why savings is mandatory. And I just like I think everyone has a desire has an obligation to manage their health. You have to manage your health. You can't just put it off. It's going to affect you whether you like it or not. I think money falls in that bucket or two as well. Even if you don't have any desire to learn about money or finances, you have an obligation to learn about it and to respect it because it's going to impact your life whether you like it or not. >> Here's one way that I have started treating savings like an expense. Use the 10% rule. No matter what you're getting paid, save 10%. So, if you're working a restaurant shift and you get 50 bucks in tips, save $5. That's the 10% rule. If you watch somebody's dogs this weekend and somebody's paying you a hundred bucks to watch the dogs over the weekend, save $10. That's the 10% rule. And that's how you can make savings a habit, no matter how little or how much you make. Anything is exponentially better than nothing. And I I meet people I I I remember when I was younger, when I was a teenager, saving $5, saving 10 I remember transferring $15 from my checking account to my savings account. And that might seem completely worthless to people, but it made sense to me back then of like that's that's that's a meal in my future that I have now that I didn't have before. It's like anything is better than nothing is is is the most important rule of thumb. >> Is there a simple and effective way to make saving money a habit? >> Anytime in finance that you can automate it as well. >> Okay. Okay, so automating your bank and say every paycheck you're going to move $50 to savings, whatever it might be, and making it automatic, the more that you can take behavior out of the system, >> because we're all flawed, we're all emotional, we're all biased, we've all got social pressures, I do, you do, everybody does. The more that you can take emotion out and put automation in, the better you're going to do over time. pay my bills. What do you want them to know? judge you. I'm sure you're a good person and you should not be embarrassed about it because there are tens or hundreds of millions of other people in your shoes. So, knowing that you're not alone, I think is an empowering thing for most people because a lot of people look at their lack of savings, look at their poor financial uh skills, and they feel guilt, shame, and embarrassment. >> And you shouldn't. This is a very, very common thing. It doesn't mean you're a bad person. But the second thing you should know is that it is in your control. I use this in the psychology of money. It's an astounding story. It's a guy named Ronald Reed. Ronald Reed came from the most humble, if not impoverished background that you can imagine. And even as an adult, he spent his entire career as a janitor and a gas station attendant. And when he died, he left millions of dollars to charity. And everyone was like, where this janitor has millions of like what in the world happened here? And the answer was he saved what little he could. $10 here, $20 there, maybe $100 a year. He invested in the stock market. He left it alone for like 70 years. And that's it. That's the whole story. And that's that's all you need. If you have the right behavior, if you have the right mindset, you don't need much else to even achieve extraordinary returns over time. >> You know, one of the big lessons from your work for me is also this idea that enough is better than more. And I'm reading from your blockbuster bestseller, The Art of Spending Money. This is page 36. Desiring less can have the same impact on your well-being as gaining more money. And desiring less does not mean giving up. It doesn't mean you don't know how to spend money and have a good time. I think it's quite the opposite. To be content with what you have is the deepest way to enjoy the house you've purchased, the clothes you wear, and the vacations you take. Talk to us about that. >> Having enough does not mean you have no aspirations for more. I want to work very hard this year and earn as much money as I can. I want to do that next year and the year after that. but with as much emphasis with as much strategy and will. I want to think about my expectations and keep my expectations in check. And when you realize that wealth is what you have versus what you want >> and the the wider that gap is, the worse you're going to feel. The narrower that gap is, the better you're going to feel. You can mix aspirations for wanting more with contentment with what you have and appreciation for what you have as well. And how do you do that? You have to go out of your way to think about it all the time because it's not normal and natural. What is normal and natural and everyone's knee-jerk reaction is I want more and once I have more, I'm going to be happier about it. The idea of being gracious and having gratitude for the world that we live in, for what we have rather than what we don't have. For me, it takes effort to do that. But every therapist, every psychologist would tell you how powerful gratitude is. And it sounds kind of mushy and wishy-washy, like how can that possibly be be a thing? Nothing in psychology, I think, is more powerful than keeping your expectations in check and being gracious for what you already have. There's a great quote from Stephven Hawking, the great scientist, who of course had ALS and uh was had absolutely no control over his body. He could not even speak. He was in a wheelchair for his almost his entire adult life. And he gave this interview with the New York Times several years before he died. And in the interview, he was talking about how unbelievably happy he was and how grateful he was to be able to do this research and how great his life was. And if there's any of us who have the right to complain about life, it's somebody like Stephen Hawking. If there's anyone who has the right to wake up and say, "I was dealt an unfair hand in life and I'm so jealous of you and me," it's him. And he wasn't. He was so happy. And so the New York Times asked him, they said, "What's your secret to happiness?" And he said, "My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21." That's when he got his disease. And he said, "Everything else since then has been a bonus." >> And it just made him in that dealing with that tragedy made it much easier for him to exercise gratitude for what he did have. Now, obviously, I hope to not be in that situation. I hope you're not, and I hope I hope nobody is in that situation. But it's unavoidably true that when you experience that kind of trauma, whatever the trauma might be, it can be losing a job, it could be divorce, whatever it is, that it can push you closer towards appreciating what you do have. >> How do you take that quote, everything was reduced to zero, so anything else that happened became a bonus. and use that philosophy to change your mindset about money, you know, for somebody cuz I because there was so much that you just shared that I think is super important and I want the person listening who maybe has no savings, who's living paycheck to paycheck to be able to take everything that you've shared with us and really use these tool two tools because what you're saying is whether it's constantly comparing yourself to other people or having outsized expectations for where you are or the power of being grateful and just stopping for a minute that you are where you are and that you can change your behaviors based on everything that you've shared with us today. >> That that's a foothold. >> To be able to work with like how do we apply this to flip our mindset right away. >> I remember reading the story many years ago about a family, husband, wife and two or three kids and their house burned down. Burned completely to the ground. They lost everything. the house that they had grown up in and imagined their future being in. And when their house burned down, everyone is distraught and in tears. We lost everything. And the mom gathers everyone together and says, "Guys, everything that we need to be happy is right here. The five of us, this is all that any of us ever need to be happy. It's right here. We have each other. We lost everything material, but none of that mattered. Everything we have is right here." And I think there is some version of that in everybody's life, regardless of what your family situation is, that you have all the tools that you need right now to be as happy as you are capable of becoming. It's not to discount your problems. It's just that everything is the gap between expectations and reality. And you have those tools right now. And I think if you go out of your way to not compare yourself to what you don't have, but to appreciate what you do have at any level of life, >> I think you get a little bit closer to that feeling of what you're trying to get to, which is contentment. >> And rather than waking up and saying, "What don't I have and what hole is that going to fill," you're waking up and being like, "Look, I'm pretty grateful for the control that I have over my emotions. I'm grateful for the hope that I have in the future. I'm grateful that I can control those thoughts without them being dictated by society and move ahead from there. >> I love it. It's also a way to double down on what you are capable of doing once you get out of your own way. >> Right, >> Morgan? If the person who's listening wants to change the story they tell themselves about money, what is the story that you would say this is what you should say to yourself from this point forward? >> Money can make you happier. having more money, spending more money can make you happier, just not in the way that you probably think and not as much as you probably think. That you can use it as a tool to live a better life and that is a great thing. It can also be much more commonly a yard stick of status to measure yourself against others by. We've repeated that multiple times because I think it's the most important thing today in this era about money is that because it's so easy to measure. It's so easy to quantify and our society has made it so that that is the level of success that your net worth is equal to your self-worth. And it's obviously a broken and damaging story. And once you exercise controlling your expectations, controlling your emotions, being having gratitude for what you do have, I think that's the ultimate that's the ultimate wealth for me. It's not necessarily about what your net worth is. It's your ability to control what you think and be grateful for what you do have. If the person who's spent this time together with us takes one action today from everything that you've shared, what do you think the most important thing to do coming out of this conversation? >> Realize that other people are not thinking about you as much as you are >> that you and your goals are often attached to wanting to impress other people, but they're not paying attention because they are busy worrying about themselves. That's the first step to controlling your expectations. Once you can control your expectations, you get much closer to what I think the ultimate goal is, which is being content with your money. >> Well, the most important thing uh for me right now is to thank you. You and your work have made a huge difference in my life. And so, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for what you do. And thank you for being here with us today. >> Thank you, Mel. This has been fun. Thank you for having me. >> You're welcome. And I also want to thank you. Thank you for making the time to listen to something that is going to improve your financial life. He talked a lot about independence and what I heard in that was freedom. And when you apply the simple things that he told you to do, I promise you, you're not only going to gain more independence, you are going to feel freer. And one more thing, in case no one else tells you this, as your friend, I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you and I believe in you and I believe in your ability to create a better life. There is no doubt in my mind if you and I apply everything that Morgan taught us today, we will create and we will live a better life. All righty, I will be waiting for you in the very next episode. I'll welcome you in the moment you hit play. I'll see you there. And thank you for watching all the way to the end. I love being here with you on YouTube. And I know you're thinking, "Okay, Mel, tell me what I should watch next." But first, I got to tell you something. Hit subscribe. Got it. Good. Thank you for supporting me. Thank you for supporting the team. Now, let me recommend the next video you watch. You're going to love this one. And I will welcome you in the moment you hit play.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oybekshamsutdinov4715: Mr Morgan is live and wrote the UP TO DATE (recent) books
And she is giving very lively questions that we could have asked and she is doing much better job then us❤
Thank you both

I didn’t know about his another book “How to spend money”
My grandpa told me in around 2000s that everybody earns money and holds some amount of money!
But not everyone knows how to spend it! WOW he was a good money guy! We must read his JOW TO SPEND Money book too! 

Thank you both 
I am happy spending my time on this video ❤
  2. @oybekshamsutdinov4715: I have subscribed right after you asked 
😂❤
  3. @SmartMoney-n1w: Money gives you the ability to walk away from people and situations you dont like.
  4. @SAÎ-O1122: this is exactly what i needed right now
  5. @mdsalmanAli-z9b: not gonna lie this made me rethink my spending
  6. @LilMatrix-b2t4r: i like how Morgan kept coming back to behavior over spreadsheets. all the charts in the world don’t stop impulse buys, Ray Finance or not.
  7. @Dipanshu_Phougat123: money habits really do change everything
  8. @LatishaKimLingo: Freedom in independence. Don’t compare yourself to what you don’t have, be grateful for what you already have. Others don’t nearly think as much of you as you think they do.
  9. @venancekalala6281: What a great program ❤❤❤
  10. @urszulam.4592: I literally just laughed out loud because I still balance my checking account. I even reconcile all of my statements. I love doing that stuff.
  11. @gionneb1009: Biggest take away: save any amount of money you can. Even if it’s $5.
  12. @kumaristide5081: Thank You for this
  13. @ekarimable: Great conversation! We were taught by our elders and religion that we need to be in moderation in making and spending money. We cannot be a so cheap so people think that we are very poor, neither we need to spend extravangza  so that we do not have any money or wealth for us or inheritors in the future. I would ask myself whether I need to spend $5 for a cup of Starbucks coffee or i spend 10 cents for a tea bag for a cup of tea to satisfy my morning boost. It is all about controlling your desire with your money.
  14. @ROJUNEBUG: Currently reading his books man I tell you first few pages and I found myself nodding and learning so much things. Highly recommend.
  15. @Its.Nikita.1111: This was by far my favorite episode. Great conversation. Very relatable and transparent. Game changer🎉
  16. @ivanbobrov_: "Every dollar of savings that you have, is a piece of your future that you own," – so well said. Apart from the purely financial aspect, saving money brings incredible peace. As a huge spender, I had to teach myself to do it. Thank you, Mel, for this incredibly important conversation. I can't believe I had spent so many years of my life not saving money.
  17. @MikeyFinance: No end to that treadmill...it goes on forever.
  18. @theeco-centric: I see a lot of people struggling in my wider community, I don’t think it’s because they are not trying to save, I think it’s because inflation has been eating through people’s incomes over the past 10+ years. 

I see a lot of cases (mine included) where employers are offering the same salary as 10+ years ago, yet $70K seemed like good money 10+ years ago, but adjusting for inflation that would have been $105K today, so in many cases people are effectively making 30% less and they are not necessarily comparing themselves to their neighbors but to who they were or what they were making 10+ years ago!
  19. @inokavinodini8314: Great podcast. Every point discussed is important
  20. @RockyParker-i2j: Well I have a sick wife with a disease that the doctors don’t know how to treat and a teenager that’s showing the same symptoms that she has 
So I got one income or retired from a state job and now working another full time job making good but it’s hard to save 
She try to get disability but they told her it’s a waste of time 
I don’t give up so I will figure something out 
I live in the State of Mississippi

- How Duolingo Turned a Free Language App Into a $7.7B Business | WSJ The Economics Of: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) - [Reporter] This is Duolingo. Around 34 million people use the language learning app every single day, some for well over a decade, making the company around $500 million annually and making it one of the top education apps in Apple's App Store for the past decade. And yet. - Most people who use Duolingo do not pay. - [Reporter] All of its lessons are completely free to access. Only around 9% of its users pay and less than 8% of its revenue comes from advertising. So, how does a free educational app manage to also have a valuation of $7.7 billion? And is the company's strategy sustainable? The answer lies in AI, A/B testing, and this little green owl. This is the economics of Duolingo. (phone pings) If you've ever used Duolingo, you'll have noticed it's less like a traditional language lesson and a lot more like a game. Users have lives. Get five answers wrong in a day and you'll run out of lives for that day. Lessons have progress bars and are laid out in a journey. Players gain experience points and streaks encourage users to play every day. The company says that's part of what helped attract some three million users within the first few years. - When we launched, we had a thing that was mobile, free, and fun, and because of that, very quickly it overtook all methods to learn languages. - [Reporter] But before long, Duolingo ran into an issue with its mission to try and deliver free language lessons. - One of our board members who had just invested in Duolingo, she said, "Look, you can't continue doing this. You gotta make revenue." - We had not given ourselves permission to make any money from our app. It's hard to build up new capabilities in an organization. - We were in a bit of a pickle because we wanted Duolingo to be a free way to learn languages. - [Reporter] So, in 2017, the company introduced advertising, which now accounts for under 8% of its revenue. It also launched a subscription tier where users could pay $10 a month to remove ads and get unlimited lives. The company went public in the summer of 2021 and saw a boom during the pandemic as users practiced languages while travel was limited. Today, analysts say Duolingo is around 12 times bigger than its main rival Babble by downloads with some eight million users who are now paying for the app. And while that's only a small fraction of its overall user base. - The majority of the money is made from this, you know, under 10% of the active users. They give us about 80% of our revenue. - [Reporter] But while Duolingo's growth through gamification and subscriptions may seem pretty simple, there's a lot more going on behind the curtain. Every move the company makes is meticulously crafted down to the pixel, tested on unknown users, and refined using AI, rigorous A/B testing, and constant tweaks to its app. - Whenever people are using the app, we measure how long they use it for, do they come back the next day, et cetera. And we try a lot of things. We try, when do we send you a notification, what we say in the notification? Do we make the lessons a little harder? Do we make them a little easier, a little longer, a little shorter? - [Reporter] Take Duolingo's push notifications. If you forget to do your lessons and risk ending your streak, you'll get a little notification from Duo, the company's mascot, reminding you to return to the app. The messages on the push notifications started out simple enough, but quickly evolved to become the stuff of memes, (bright music) including one particularly effective guilt trip. - We decided that the last notification we would send you was telling you, "Hey, these notifications don't seem to be working. We're gonna stop sending them for now." Sending that got people to come back a lot because they felt guilty. It's like your mother telling you like, "Okay, well, I'll stop, like, guilt tripping you." - [Reporter] Duolingo says that this led to a 3% rise in retention. But crucially, the messages that you receive aren't the same as everybody else's. - AI is used to start figuring out basically, like, which ones of these are more effective for particular users or at particular times of day or whatever and letting the more effective ones rise to the top and then get sent to more people. - [Reporter] To figure out which messages work best, Duolingo built something called a bandit algorithm, named after a reference to a one-armed bandit, a term for a slot machine in a casino. - Say there are, you know, several different slot machines. In this case, think of them as several different notifications we might send people. And we've tried each one some number of times and seen what it paid out each time. So, we have limited information about all these different options. And so the algorithm has to figure out, do I just go back to the one that has so far given me the most money and just go back to that one every time? Or how do I balance that with exploring different options to see maybe they're actually better, but I just got a little unlucky earlier? And each time we send out a notification, we track, did it work? Basically, did they come back to Duolingo, do their daily practice? - [Reporter] For example, the algorithm found out that the notification time for the language you're learning worked better on Chinese learners than English learners. - It's mostly chosen by AI. We must have about a hundred different things that we can send you. They're written by people who are pretty funny and some of them are also written by AI. - [Reporter] And that could be part of the secret to Duolingo's success. The company gets so much data back from those attempting its free lessons that it has a huge database of information that it can feed to its AI algorithms. - They do something like 13 billion exercises every week. We are throwing all that data to AI and using that to personalize the learning experience for everyone to make sure people are learning effectively and staying engaged. - [Reporter] At any given moment, the company is running hundreds of A/B tests like these where one user is given a different experience to another to see which one wins out. Some of the tests are AI powered, others aren't. And for most tests, around 5% of its user base act as unknowing guinea pigs. - I don't know how many A/B tests we've run at this point. It's probably more than 10,000. We've A/B tested our way into getting more people to pay us, into getting more people to use Duolingo, more people to recommend it to their friends, et cetera. So, without having run those, we would not be a successful company. I'm certain of that. - [Reporter] So, if Duolingo's algorithms and A/B testing mean that the company knows exactly what makes its users tick, why are subscriptions only at 8%, and could they be higher? After all, while the company may have 12 times more downloads than Babble, analysts say its revenue is only two to three times that of its rival. - We could tomorrow massively increase the fraction of subscribers by doing certain things. For example, right now, you get one ad at the end of a lesson. We could play five ads That would get a lot more people to subscribe. We could maybe even force people to subscribe. And it is true, we would have an amazing next quarter. However, that would also stifle our growth. - [Reporter] But analysts say that while Duolingo's leading market position may have been achieved by giving away much of its lessons for free, that growth strategy may start to slow, especially as some users leave the app after mastering a language or giving up on it. And that may lead to Duolingo trying to increase the number of paying customers. So, the company is exploring some new ways to get users to part with their cash. It's new AI-powered Duolingo Max tier costs around $30 a month and allows players to role play with AI-powered bots, something the company had previously tried to offer with humans. - We would say, "Okay, so you're telling me that if you could, on Duolingo, press a button and you could have another human on the other side, be able to practice, you would use it?" And they'd say, "Sure, I would use it." We even asked, "Would you pay for it?" Like, "Oh, sure, I would pay for it." And then came the very revealing question. We'd say, "Okay, do you want to do it right now?" 100% of people would say, "No, no, no, not right now." What I love about AI is that people don't feel like the AI is judging them, even though it actually is judging them. But who cares, right? It's an AI. It's not another human. - [Reporter] But for now at least, Duolingo says it will continue giving away most of its product for free. (gentle music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [617 likes]: The screen time you shouldn’t feel bad about: https://on.wsj.com/3YLDwbe
  2. @DuolingoSux [1 likes]: Duolingo *tries* to be addictive, but it works with very few people. The drop out rate, rounded to the nearest whole number, is 100%. It's just terrible. You won't learn language. It's just another slot machine. They'll mark correct answers wrong and wrong answers correct. It's a type of dopamine feeding that only works on really stupid people.
  3. @LalaPala-ml2or [1 likes]: Then ai came and no one needs to learn languages as you have realtime translation
  4. @TeamMaxxlife [1 likes]: Replaced my duolingo with ChatGPT and Preply, no regrets 🎉
  5. @BrendaCooper-y1z [1 likes]: just realized they are actually a data company when he talked about how users are being analyzed for usage, ads, time spent, etc...
  6. @WillLinehan: They steal a yearly subscription fee and pray people have enough disposable income to not notice it on their statements. Hope that owl suffers.
  7. @diverdan2005: I remember our older generations caring about Privacy and saying sharing personal information, especially on the Internet is bad.    Now we are bragging about data centers, and that we may build them in space.   MORE DATA!
  8. @DelmarWanderer: Was a great app.  Ruined by ai
  9. @Liquid-a: As always it's not about to share knowledge and do something good for humanity, no it's all about revenues, profits and billions valuations... I'm so sick of this era!
  10. @Aar0nDown: The app is ok for what it offers but free is not a good option anymore based on recent changes, super duo lingo is the only way to go if you actually want to learn. But even then you don’t need duo lingo to learn a language there are lots of good free options, example: I am learning French French podcast that teache you French help ect

You also can’t fully use only Duolingo and expect it to fully teach you the language of your choice, you need tutoring classes 1-2  times a week for at least roughly year or two before you can even start to naturally speak in the language the you are learning, by then you will stop needing to translate your native language in your head before replying in the language you are learning if someone speaks to you, or you speak to them.

I’m currently learning French and I am learning new words and phrases every day, but I also go to French classes once a week. A French teacher can help correct pronunciation and grammar, they can also help you understand what will help you at your current level, this way when outside of class you will not be stuck or confused on your own at home or outside of class when the teacher is not there.

I also find translation apps helpful when you first start learning a new language.
  11. @isaacserrao4636: Conteúdo incrível ❤❤
  12. @madeneelson: Keep it up!
  13. @no_one514: 7:03am 12-13-25 SAT
  14. @StillAliveAndKicking_: I loathe Duolingo. Yes I completed the French course, and used the German one for a few months. I then went on to use better methods. Duolingo is not a language learning app, it is a game app. It is a very ineffective way to learn a language. And the app is infused with their own extreme politics which they try to force onto us. :( Not to mention the weird phrases. It’s not all bad news. Luis von Ahn, the founder of Duolingo seen in this video, is very wealthy. Kerching.
  15. @FariduddinAttarM: Luis Von Ahn is definitely the voice of that bear
  16. @afmecebe: Too many ads
  17. @luenthusiast: I heard someone got that notification "you know what happens next" right before getting a bombing alert notification
  18. @rosanna-rae-20: nah their social media accounts and all the backstories are diabolical...they have a webtoon too 😭
  19. @luis_zz: Duolingo has actually helped me a lot become more consistent
  20. @english.canada: Omg 😅

- Lewis Howes: You're 69 Minutes Away From NEVER Being Broke Again: Kind: captions Language: en irrelevant of whether you have money or not. When you are poor, when you're broke, when you're struggling financially, it feels really hard to feel abundant and rich. But in order to get out of it, it's not feeling worse about it. It's starting to feel better about me, better about my values, my character, my kindness, my generosity, and seeing how can I add value to others. How can I get into a richness inside of me to serve and take care of me at the same time? The number one health and wellness podcast, J Shetty. J Shetty, the one, the only J Shetty. The world in which we're living today doesn't seem to distribute wealth in a way that allows people to access it. Some people have been set up really badly. They had poor access to education. They didn't really know what jobs were available. People are working really, really hard and not taking that much home. People are coming at it from a place of pain, of desperation, of stress. So, everyone already knows that money is stressful. And your first point here is make money easy. Yes. And so, I want to ask you, when someone's coming at money, our relationship with money is already at a place kind of like finding love. We're desperate for it. We're stressed by it. We're paralyzed by it. We feel the pressure for it. What do you do when you're feeling all of that? What's the first thing you need to do? Step one is you need awareness. And again, you probably say this so often and people have probably heard this so frequently, but if you don't have awareness on your attachment style towards money and how your nervous system is when you receive money or when money leaves you, when you have to pay your bills or give money away, I want people to create just a scenario of awareness around how you feel and how you think when you receive money, when you pay money, when you look at your bank account, when you open your purse or your wallet, and Just notice how do I feel? Do I have shallow breathing? Do I feel relaxed? Do I feel anxious? Do I feel scarce? Do I feel abundant? Just step one is have awareness on how do I feel and how do I think about my money? The money I have, the money that's coming in, and the money that's going out. Yeah, that's step one. And when you can just have awareness around it, you can start to say, is my relationship the one that I want to be having? Do I feel really secure around money? If not, okay, what's something I can think about first? Let me think about my money story, the story of my life around money. We grow up as kids and we watch our parents in their relationship and we tend to develop the relationship style of our parents unless we learn how to heal as a teenager and have some type of breakthrough. We're creating some type of attachment style based on what we see with our parents. But think about all the conversations your parents had around money. And if your parents didn't have a secure relationship, if they fought, did they fight about money? Were you involved in the conversation about how expensive things were about your school or sports or programs that they had to pay for they couldn't afford? Did they argue? Did they have challenges? Did they get divorced? Money is one of the biggest reasons people get divorced. It's one of the biggest arguments in marriage as well. So just notice, is my nervous system, is my body, is my energy, or my thoughts stressed out around money? Do I feel scarce or do I feel abundant? That's kind of step one. And then step two is understanding your money story. Because when you can reflect on your money story, you can see what your money personality style is today. And for many years, and we can talk about both of us thinking about our past. For many years, I didn't understand money growing up. We didn't have a lot growing up. We weren't completely poor, but I wasn't as, you know, well off as the other kids in my class. So, I always felt a little bit beneath everyone else. And so, my belief system was around that. I was just a little bit under everyone else. Everyone else is doing a little bit better than us. Sure, we have a home and I'm going to school, but everyone's got rollerblades. I'm in sneakers. People have Nintendo. I don't have one. I'm reading a book. Whatever it is, it was like I was a little bit beneath. And that started to shape my story and my personality style. So I felt very insecure around money. And when I got it, I got really excited, but I didn't know what to do with it. So I was also like afraid. I was insecure and I was just unsure of it. And it really started to shape my personality style. Now when I was in my teen years, my dad started to make more money and started to teach me a little bit. But I was still like just I want to be a teenager. I don't want to think about this stuff. It seems confusing. I just want to have fun. in my 20s when I got done playing football. I I went to go pursue football, got injured, and I was on my sister's couch for a year and a half, and I had no money, and I just felt like, how am I going to make this work? How am I going to make money? I don't know what my skills are. I don't know what my talents are. This is in 2008 when the economy was crashing. So, it kind of felt like it is right now with inflation going up so much right now and people worried about money in the future. I didn't understand and I needed to find money mentors to start teaching me how to learn about how I can receive money and spend it in a more efficient way. And that was kind of the journey of me starting to figure this out. But if we don't have the tools or the money knowledge, then we're always going to be stuck in our money story as our money personality style. And so it's getting to understand awareness. How does it feel when I receive money and I spend money? Yeah. What is the history of the story around money for me? Did my parents fight? Did I feel anxious around money? Uh I used to steal a lot when I was a kid. So I had like some wounds around money. I had people steal from me as well. So I just had all these different wounds that I had to address and get clear on. And I had to learn how to start healing those money wounds. And again, I know this is the place to come to create more wholeness, to be healthier in your life, and to become more healed. And that's what I want for people to start to reflect on their money story. Yeah. Write down some of these things so you have awareness first off on why you think and feel the way you do around money. Yeah. Then you can start to see how your personality style towards money now is either helping you create more abundance or keeping you in scarcity and lack. And from there we can start to have some breakthroughs. Yeah. Let's talk about all three because as I'm listening to you, I'm thinking that for most of us, when we get aware, we actually realize we don't even want to look at our finances. No. Right. That's how we all feel because we're so scared and there's been such a fear built around money that it's like, I don't even want to know because I'm so scared. Now, when I get my paycheck, I'm thinking, "Oh god, I hope this covers my rent, my groceries, my bills, whatever else I've got to cover." And then that becomes your stress point. And then you're thinking, "Oh gosh, I haven't got enough to spend on this thing that I really wanted to do or I wanted to do something for my kids or whatever it may be." So now there's stress. And so I think for most people when you actually get awareness, you start realizing it's stress and it's never enough. And it's never enough. I'm never making enough. And also I've got a h 100,000 in student loan debt. I have this other credit card because I wanted to go on a trip or I had a medical expense that would unexpected that came up. Like so many people are struggling to be figuring out how to get out of debt. They have this weight that's carrying them back, but they still want to feel like they're free to live a life of their dreams. They want to be able to go on a trip with a friend a few times a year. They want to go to those expensive concerts. They want to have fun still, but they're unfortunately in a lot of debt. So, there's something that's pulling them back as they're trying to go forward. and they feel like there's no way to break free. They think about the rising cost of eggs, the inflation, uh how everything is just constant. You can't afford a home anymore. All these things seem impossible to break through. But people want to feel free, but they don't feel emotionally free because of all the baggage they have in their life. And that's what I want people to start to feel is how can you feel emotionally free so that your money can come to you effortlessly and when it leaves you, it's not a bad thing. Yeah. And the more we relax, the more we can receive. And so if I'm tight and I'm always anxious or I'm not willing to look at my bank account because I'm afraid of what's in there, how are we able to receive more and spend more freely? And I think for many years I was able to I learned how to make money, but I didn't learn how to spend money. And so I just hoarded it because I was afraid to go back being broke on my sister's couch. I didn't want to go be broke again. So I just stashed it away into my bank account and just like, okay, I'm going to just wait for it to grow so I feel safe. But that was almost like a prison in a sense emotionally because I didn't feel free to spend it. I was still sleeping on friends couches. I had a million dollars in the bank and I was sleeping on friends couches. I was sitting in the middle seat, the cheapest seat I could on buses or on planes. And I'd always be like, "Man, I'm so uncomfortable the next day. Like, I'm my back hurts. Like, I'm just I'm not feeling free cuz I was afraid. I was anxious to lose money." And that is not emotional freedom. That is not healing. And I remember thinking to myself, God, I've got I'm starting to make money. It was like years into my business. I was like, I'm financially free, but I'm still trapped. M what is holding me back? And I realized a lot of it was my money story and my money personality style that I needed to start working on. And I don't know if it's the thing that you ever like, I've arrived and I'm perfect and now I'm like this Zen master at money. It's a constant back to awareness. It's a constant practice of awareness and breaking through those limitations. Yeah. I think what I'm thinking about when I'm hearing you is if me and you went back to a place in our life where we really didn't have money. Yes. And you think about someone who's in that position, who's listening to us right now, and in their head they're thinking, "But how do I become abundant when I don't have where like my natural thing is like I'm just struggling to pay my next bill?" And me and you have both been in those situations. I remember when I was growing up, I grew up in a house where we had just enough. Like that was the language my parents used. We have just enough. And my parents would often argue about money. I remember I wasn't allowed to buy cool shoes and stuff. I'd have like the the knockoff cheapest brand from whatever, which was I actually didn't have an issue with that. I didn't have an issue with any of it because we had food and that was my normality. But it's really interesting because the amount of times growing up I started working when I was 14. And I think that gave me a really interesting sense of how hard it was to make money because I started working at 14. And I used to get paid £2 per street that I delivered newspapers on. So imagine there's a 100 houses. It's going to take me like not per house. No, no, no. Per street. So I did five streets. And so I'd get £10 at the end of the week if I did five streets. And each street would take me at least an hour, maybe, I don't know, something like that. And so I'd walk around, I'd pull this thing and I'd deliver it. And I got an understanding of how hard it was to make money. But then that became a story for me. Going to your point, making money is hard. Making money is hard. And that there's only a certain amount of money you're allowed to make at this level. Like you're a 14-year-old. Then I worked in retail. I stacked shelves at a grocery store. I worked at a store called Morrison's, which is like working at Walmart. And there I remember I got paid like £5 an hour. And then you get like time and a half if you work the weekends and the evenings. All of this to say that I probably spent my whole life only seeing zero in my bank account because everything that would come in would pay for my phone bill, my car insurance that I paid for, whatever it was that I was taking care of. So, I wasn't relying on my parents apart from I lived in their home obviously. But I always felt like money came in, money went out. And my story around money was people who have money are doing something bad. So, I lived in a home. Whenever we went to a friend's home and they had a nice home, my family would always say, "Oh, yeah, but they do dodgy stuff to make money." All the language around money was, "People with money are doing bad stuff." So, in my head, it was like, "Oh, if you have money, then you must be doing shady stuff because we don't have money and we're not doing any shady, right? You must be hurting people to make money." Correct. In some way, exploiting, taking advantage of Yeah. taking advantage, whatever. So everything you're saying is so true because then when I got to a point in my life where I was just trying to do good and I had something like 150 200 million views on content and you had no money. I was 4 months away from being broke. I met you at this time. I met you around this time. I met you this time. Yes. And it was really interesting to me because that was the time that I was actually doing this work, which is why this book's so powerful because I realized that I couldn't even with 150 200 million views. It wasn't that that made money because my story and my personality style was anxious. I felt like it was wrong to make money. Like that's actually what it was. I felt like making money was bad. And so until I got to that, did you believe you were worthy of making more money? I believed I was worthy, but I believed that you had to be bad to make money. Wow. So you didn't want to be bad. You don't want to have a lot of money and associate I have a lot of money and I'm now I'm bad. Correct. I'm bad and wrong and I'm hurting others in order to help myself. Correct. Cuz good people are poor. Wow. Right. Like to be a good person of good character means to not have money. Wow. And that was based on a a belief system that you developed over time. If you would have a reflection so important people, if you're stressed, if you're overwhelmed, if you're anxious, if you're constantly in drama, that is not abundance. A high net worth does not mean you are free. Money is an energy and how we think and how we feel will dictate the energy we have towards it. When you have no money, when you're broke, when you feel stressed out, overwhelmed, burnt out, you lost your job, you feel like you need help and you may need help. And the best way to create abundance is to go from helplessness to helpfulness. So, when you're in that place, taking your story as well, taking my story, how do we start to rewrite that story now that we're aware? Well, it's so powerful that you said that and I remember this vividly because I met you on Halloween 2017, right? Yeah. Eight years ago. Yeah. And we I said like cancel the day, let's just hang out all day. Yeah. You had a book coming out that day. I had a book that came out that day on Halloween. Yeah. Which is called The Basking Masculinity. Anyways, how do we rewire our brain around money to create more abundance when you have nothing? When you have lack. How do we rewire our brain to create abundance when you have nothing and you don't know how to earn more money? The first thing I think you need to be aware of is that your beliefs dictate your behaviors. So if you believe that money is bad or people who make a lot of money are bad and take advantage of others and therefore me having lack right now means I'm a good person and I don't want to become a bad person. Then that belief is going to dictate your behaviors and you're going to stay in lack. You're going to stay in scarcity and you're going to see opportunities that only give you just enough as opposed to opportunities that could create incredible wealth for yourself financially, but also an emotional wealth that you've never had before. So, that's one of the things you want to understand is first that your beliefs dictate your behaviors. That's a big one, by the way. That's huge. Like that. I just want to point that out for people. Like that's so huge because your belief your belief got you to a place of I am impacting hundreds of millions of people from these these videos that I created with my talents but I don't know how to make money with them and I don't know if I actually should because then I could be bad and wrong or people could perceive me as I did something bad to make this money correct and I'm a spiritual person I'm a monk I've done all these things I don't want to have that life but I want to make an impact and I don't want to be poor. So I think a lot of people are struggling with that mindset. What are the other ones you hear? What are the other focusing on that belief? What are you hearing from people about their that's my belief and that's very much my history and story as you said. What other stuff do you hear from people? The biggest shift that will create abundance in your life is a mindset habit in unlocking wealth for yourself. And one of the big lies or one of the big blocks that holds people back from financial opportunity is that I I cannot be generous with my time, my wisdom, my knowledge or my secrets to others because if I am, they will take it and run with it and I will be left with nothing. So therefore, I'm going to hoard my energy. I'm going to hoard my time, my knowledge, and only keep it to me so that others don't have good ideas or have my help. And from all the different billionaires and millionaires and financial leaders in the world that I've interviewed, I know you've interviewed a lot of them, there is a question I would always ask individuals who've made incredible amounts of money and that keeps helping them create more wealth year after year. And they all say the same thing, those who have had a sustainably good heart in the process is that you have to have a generous mindset. So the mindset habit is the first thing that you have to think about when creating abundance with your money, but also feeling abundant internally and it's coming with generosity. So if you feel like you're stuck right now, if you feel like you have nothing, this was what you were at 8 years ago when I met you. This was where I was at 15 years ago when I was on my sister's couch. I had no money. I was in student loan debt. I was sleeping on her couch. I didn't think I had any skills. I didn't have a college degree yet. I was like, how am I going to make money if I don't know how to make money and I don't have any talent or skill and I'm in debt. It didn't understand it. It felt impossible. And the thing that I shifted when I started meeting money mentors is I needed to learn the first habit which is the mindset habit which is a habit of generosity and gratitude. So what did that look like then? What was the practical step? What it looks like was how do I meet money people, people who have money, people who have success, people can teach me knowledge. I needed to come with a sense of energy, of curiosity, of possibilities, and of joy. I literally wrote a list down of all these different things that I thought were my talents. I go, "How can I make money? I don't have any skills. I played football and now I'm injured. What can I do for people?" But I was like, "Well, I'm really curious. Maybe I can just ask people questions." And never did I think in a million years that I could have a 12-year-old podcast just asking questions and make millions of dollars a year. I never thought that was possible. I was in my early 20s and I was like, you know what? I've got a lot of energy. I've got a lot of passion. So, let me bring passion and energy to other people and excitement. And that energy was infectious. And there's a currency that's tied to that energy of passion, joy, excitement, curiosity. That currency may not look like money, but for those who are older, who have no more passion, they're burnt out, they're exhausted, it is the highest form of currency. They want that. They crave that energy. They've burnt themselves out for decades. They want to feel young again. They want to feel curious again. They want to feel excited again. And when you come to someone with that energy, you are bringing a different mindset. So the mindset of curiosity, joy, passion, presence, like just connecting with someone and asking them a question is such a valuable currency. So we have to look into these untapped skills, talents, currencies inside of us that are hidden to others but inside of us they can create magic. Yeah, that's one of them. Another one is just being generous with your time, with your resources, with your ideas and helping others succeed. I love that because I didn't even know that then, but I was doing it unconsciously. Yes, you were. So, I really wanted to interview incredible people, but I didn't have a platform at the time when I met you. And so, I'd partnered up with NASDAQ. And by the way, just to be really clear with everyone, I didn't get paid to do this. So, NASDAQ had something where everyone's using Facebook Live and I said, "Hey, could I have an hour in the NASDAQ building whenever I have an amazing guest that says yes, so that I can interview them on NASDAQ Live?" And they would put the picture up on the middle of Time Square on a billboard. So now I could reach out to people I looked up to. That's the reason why I went on the show. Exactly. So I didn't know who you were until I saw, hey, I can get you on a billboard on Time Square. I go, that's value to me right now. I'm being generous and I'm trying to find a way because I don't have anything to offer, but I admire you. And it was all people I admired. It was yourself. It was Ryan Holidayiday said yes. Me and Ryan had met maybe once before that, but Ryan came on that show. And there were a bunch of other authors. Deepak Chopra came on that show with me and it was all people that I'd admired, looked up to for a long time and exactly that that's how first of all we became great friends off of it. But the point is it's exactly what you're saying that even though I felt I had nothing to offer, I had to find a way to create something to offer someone of value. I didn't get paid for it for that show. I didn't get paid to run it. I didn't make any money from it. But it created an opportunity for me to connect with friends, to connect with people that were doing incredible things and of course allowed me to showcase my talents so that then I could show it to other people. I remember I had Ryan Harwood on the show who founded Pure Wow and he just sold it to Gary Vee and that's how I met Gary. So Ryan came on my show and he was just like, "Jay, I love you. You're a great interviewer. Like you have such great energy." He was he really liked my passion and he said, "You got to come meet Gary." And I was like, "No way. like I love Gary. And so he took me to meet Gary for the first time. We had a meeting in his office and that's how I built my relationship with him. It was all thanks to Ryan. And so when you think about it now, like when I'm I've never thought about it until what you're saying. Now when I look back, Ryan's been on the podcast like four times now, whatever. I love his books. So many relationships came out of that. And so I think when you live in a world of I have nothing to offer and I don't have anything, it becomes really hard to create. And most people think when I have nothing, I need to take from someone else. Yes, I don't have anything. So, I can't give anything if I don't have it. So, I need someone to give me money right now cuz I'm broke. I'm poor. I'm stuck. I'm stressed. I'm anxious. I can't think out of myself. And this first habit is really gratitude and generosity is the gateway to abundance. And it may not mean you're going to make money right away. We didn't make you over time. We helped each other create more abundance together. Not only financially, which we've done together, but a type of richness that isn't about money. And this book again, it's it's a money book, but it's really like it doesn't matter how much money you have if you don't feel like you have a rich life inside of you. That's real. It does not matter how much is in your bank account, how big your net worth is. If you don't feel like you have an abundant life, if you're stressed, if you're overwhelmed, if you're anxious, if you're constantly in drama, that is not abundance. A high net worth does not mean you are free. And the goal is for us to feel free every moment of our lives as often as possible and allow money to be a tool to create incredible opportunities, memories, moments where you can be generous with it with the people you care about, the causes you care about, the institutions you care about to serve more people and feel good about doing it, not feel bad about doing it. And that's part of this process. Most people when they lack money, they want to take from others. They want someone to help them. And you need to flip it on its head and say, "How can I help others?" Even when I have nothing, that is the time to be more generous and in more gratitude and say, "Thank you for this opportunity." Even if you have to just lie to yourself for a moment and say, "I'm stuck. I'm on my sister's couch. I have no money. I'm 4 months. In 4 months, I'm going to be out of an apartment and I don't know where the money's coming." Just say, "Thank you, God. Thank you, Universe, for this opportunity to learn. Yeah. This opportunity to grow because I'll never be here again. I interview I don't know if you've had Ken Honda on, but he wrote I know Happy Money had him on. Dude, he's so cool. I love this approach to this and he's talking similar style about how do you just live a rich life not? And again, this is what I want people to get to. When you are poor, when you're broke, when you're struggling financially, it feels really hard to feel abundant and rich. And we want to start shifting our thoughts, our emotions, and our energy on, okay, I know I'm in this financial situation. It doesn't feel good, but in order to get out of it, it's not feeling worse about it. It's starting to feel better about me, better about my values, my others. And that's the first thing we need to be thinking about. How can I get into a richness inside of me to serve others and take care of me at the same time? And one of the practices or these social experiments or exercises similar to you that Ken has is that whenever money comes to him, whether it's a check, whether it's a Venmo payment, whatever it might be, he just says thank you to that money. He looks at that number. If it's a penny, if it's a million dollars, if it's your your normal check you get coming in in the mail every two weeks, he looks at it and says, "Thank you." And literally opens his heart and loves that money that comes to him. He says, "Thank you. Where do you want to go? Do you want to go to my bank account? Do you want to go to my savings? Do you want to go to investments? Do you want to go towards paying off debt? Do you want me to give you away?" And it might be a weird kind of like exercise, but I love this approach to just being mindful of money when it comes. Say thank you. And then when you pay bills, when you pay off debt, say thank you as well. Thank you for allowing me to pay off this debt. Thank you for paying my cell phone bill so I can call my friends and family that I love. Thank you for the ability to live a richer life. Yeah. And when we start to approach money in that way, it doesn't mean money's going to fall from the sky and come to us abundantly, but we're going to start to feel more rich and abundant internally, which that energy is what will attract more opportunities. Those opportunities could lead to millions. this hostess that came to you, she brought that thankful energy, that present energy, that loving, joyful, curious energy, and it created an abundance of opportunities and connection. You've reminded me of two really amazing things that I love that I want to throw out because they're not us, it's about other people. Last night, I was at a premiere of a new show coming out on Hulu called Delhi Boys. Uh, it's a full South Asian cast. I was really excited to be just at the premiere and just seeing my friends like, you know, do this amazing thing. And it was fascinating because me and Lily Singh were together. You know, Lily. And so me and Lily were together and we're hanging out and this guy said, "Hey, can I film you for two seconds?" He was working at the event and I believe this is what he does on his own. I I don't know his name, but I'll have to find it. And he took a quick swipe of Lily, like one shot, and she was like, "Oh my god, Jay, you got to do this." He took a quick side with me. He edited it on the spot and he created this amazing reel of the event like and he was just doing it with quick and he was taking like two seconds of our time and me and Lily both turned around and go is this what you do like how can we work with you and like you know because it was it was such a great skill and he was showcasing his talent. He didn't ask he didn't charge us. He didn't ask for us or anything. He showed us his talent and all of a sudden both of us were like this. A few months ago I went to a restaurant that I never been to with some friends. This wasn't like a fancy restaurant just you know it was it was a great restaurant but it wasn't like fancy or anything like that. The uh lady who was um uh hosting she had so much energy and so much passion. She was like taking our order but then when we asked her for recommendation she knew every detail and like she got three job offers at that table. Me and my friend and everyone like what do you do? What do you want to do? Like let's hire you. Yeah. let's hire you because we just there was such an energy and so what you're saying is so true cuz I'm now looking back at my own life and thinking about moments where I've had that visceral reaction to someone and she was like this is what I want to do this my dream and one of my mates was like all right well let's connect like I you know he he thinks she could work with him but it was again the same thing you're saying it was just energy and passion energy she didn't have any other she didn't have it didn't matter about her college resume we had looked at it doesn't matter what skill other skills you have if you have energy, passion and a curiosity to care about someone, you can go so far in that potential relationship. Speaking about, you know, hostess or or waiters or waitresses, there were studies that psychologists did around tipping and waiters. And I don't know the exact statistic. I know it was over a certain amount, but I don't know the exact percentage, but there are three things that you can do as a waiter to make more money getting higher tips based on psychology and these studies. One is just introducing yourself and saying your name. My name is Louisis House. What's your name? Thanks for being here today. Saying your name creates a deeper connection. I agree. Making a recommendation of something you said she was making recommendations. Oh, you know, making a recommendation. Hey, I really recommend this if you're into this or these are the best two options I would recommend. Gets you a higher chance of getting a better tip. And complimenting the person on their food choice. I'll have the burger or the vegan burger. That's a great choice. Those three things will increase your ability to earn more tips and it's not like you had some other skill. You just created connection with someone and you were trying to bring that energy to them. Yeah. And money is an energy and how we think and how we feel will dictate the energy we have towards it. And also you create money through your energy. And so she had a certain energy with you and you're like, "Man, this is amazing." You're recommending it to millions of people about this person that you just met for the first time. It's like you could create so many opportunities for not only financial abundance, but spiritual abundance by bringing generosity, curiosity, energy, joy, and love to someone's life. And it doesn't have to take hours. This was 5 minutes of this person's time. She got three job offers over that night. Yeah. She could have had a different energy and said, "Okay, here's your table. Sit down." And she would have had nothing. But she could have went to Harvard and had all these other skills and none of that would have mattered without the energy she brought. People who don't know this story or have forgotten about it, like Drock and Gary Vee, like that's their journey, right? Like Drock basically went up to Gary and was like, "Hey, I'll just edit videos for you for free." And now he's been traveling the world with Gary for the last god knows how long they've been working together. Yeah. and he's such a great guy and he's awesome and it's just but it all came from that that idea of hey I'm just going to edit these videos for you and do this and again going back to what we said before is like when you have no money when you're broke when you feel stressed out overwhelmed burnt out you lost your job you feel like you need help and you may need help and the best way to create abundance is to go from helplessness to helpfulness so instead of saying I feel helpless I don't know what to do you've got how to flip and to say, "How can I be helpful? How can I help myself, but by also helping someone else? How can I shift out of this negative energy into an energy of abundance, which is so hard to do when you have nothing?" I remember for a year and a half feeling trapped on my sister's couch with no money, thinking, "How am I going to do this?" And there's just got to be a decision where you say,"I am going to get up and I'm going to get out of this funk, out of this energy and choose and decide to bring energy to someone else without asking for anything in return." And when you do that, you'll start to build momentum. And that's what's going to help you get to the next level. The biggest trap is when you feel scarce and you start making money and you still feel trapped. When you see everyone else having fun with money and going on that trip with their girlfriends or buying that expensive car to show off to their guy friendss or getting the nice watches or having the cool shoes and you thinking, "Oh, if I could really have money, then I could have these things that would make me feel cool or feel better." But if we can approach life and just be like, "Man, life is so good with what I have." That is true wealth. I asked them, you know, if money walked in and you were at a party, how would you respond? And they said, I would run to the bar. I would not make eye contact. I would gossip behind their back to other people there about money. I would look down at them, but then I would use them and abuse them because I would really need money. And I would ghost them afterwards. And I go and I go, "Wow." And they were like, "Yeah, I know. It's really bad." But they were being honest. So I want people to be honest like what is your relationship with money? And just imagine if you were money and someone treated you that way. I remember the day after I realized I was 4 months away from being broke. I must have emailed a thousand people saying, "I will do anything. Here are my skills. I will edit. I will edit videos. I will consult. I'll run your social media." Those weren't things I wanted to do with my life. But I needed to create a foundation from which I could then invest that into what I wanted to do. And actually that year, everything I made, I invested into starting this podcast. So everything I made this year went into launching on purpose because that's not what I wanted to do. I didn't want to edit other people's videos. I didn't want to launch social media profiles. I didn't want to coach and consult, but I had those skills. And I think this is one of the things sometimes is that we all have skills that are valuable somewhere. And they may not be the skills that you want to do for the rest of your life. Wow. But this season of life, the season of life. And I think there's something to be said for that because we all want to be paid for what we love doing. But even my life today, I have there's a lot of things I have to do. Yes. And there's a lot of things I love to do. And that's life. Yeah. And like you said, the seasonal side of things, like when I was just getting started making money, this was in 2008, 2009, 2010. I was using LinkedIn as a platform and a tool to meet CEOs, executives, and business leaders. And I was helping them originally with their LinkedIn profile to just saying, "Hey, how can I help you optimize your profile? I see that it's missing some things here. I'll do it for free." And I did this to build relationships with them. And through that, they just all wanted to help me and give back to me. And then eventually someone said, "Hey, I'll pay you for this. This is really helpful." Then I was like, "Oh, I can make money on LinkedIn. It's not what I wanted to do, but I had a skill to do it right then." So I did that for a few years. And once I had that foundation, I used that money to launch the school of greatness as well because I had a couple years of runway now. And I didn't want to do that forever, but I did it for the season. I got skills, I made money, and I created a sense of freedom for myself to do what I really wanted to do later. Yeah. What do you have to say to people who are saying like you can manifest money? Do you agree with that idea of It's an interesting story. I was in New York last week and I said to myself and I have a lot of these different exercises and games in in the book to just give people as social experiments. I I think it's really powerful to give yourself experiment because I think when you experiment, you allow yourself to explore possibilities. And when you create an experiment for yourself, you allow for the idea of magic to enter your life. So, I want you to just as you're watching or listening, I want you to say, "I allow for magic and abundance to manifest in my life. I'm going to create a a possibility that this can happen in my life, a moment, a synchronicity. Someone might call me out of the blue. Someone might hand me money randomly. I'm going to allow for this moment to happen and this magic to happen." So, I said to myself, I want to follow my own practices, right? And I went to see our friend Mel Robbins in Boston. And I was in New York for a few days and I just said to myself, "Money comes to me abundantly and freely and it I see it everywhere." I just said this to myself every morning when I woke up and when I went out of the hotel, I said, "Money comes to me abundantly and freely and I see it everywhere." And I'm a magnet for money. I'm a magnet for money. I just kept saying this energy. I'm a magnet for money. I was just playful, this social experiment. And when I was at Mel's, a penny dropped on the floor. Someone was carrying a box and a penny fell. And I said, "Oh, look. Money comes to me. I see it everywhere. There's a penny. Yeah. There's a point to this story. And I pick it up and I say, "Mel, do you want this?" And she goes, "No, it's yours." And I go, "Thank you. I receive." Because when I relax, I receive. And I'm a magnet for money. Even it was a penny. I could notice it. And I was like, "All right, it came to me. See, here's a win. Here's a little win. Let me do this again." The next day, I go to uh New York City and I'm in the subway. It's freezing right now in New York. It's like 15°. And I'm just saying this to myself in the subway. And as I get off the subway, I go up the stairs and it's freaking filthy in the New York subway, right? And the stairs are dirty. And I see a penny heads up. And I thought to myself, "This is filthy. This is dirty. It's not valuable. It's not enough money. I don't need to pick this up." But I was like, "No, I'm doing this experiment. Money comes to me abundantly and freely. I'm a magnet for money and I'm going to manifest money." Right? And so I see it's heads up. I pick it up, put in my pocket, and I just say, "Thank you, money, for coming to me." The next day, I put it on my bedside table. I don't think anything of it. The next day I wake up and I look at this penny and I said because I'm doing this experiment every day. I'm a magnet for money. Money comes to me abundantly and freely. And I look at it as a reminder. These two pennies. Look, this is a reminder that money came to me. Maybe it's not thousands of dollars or millions of dollars. It's not something that's magically right here, but it's a reminder that something is possible. And I flipped over this one p. Oh, no. I looked at the penny cuz it was heads up. And I noticed something. I go, "Oh, that's really interesting." It said 1945 on this penny. That's an 80-year-old penny. And I go, "Huh, that's unique. I haven't seen a penny that old in a long time." And I flip it over and I notice something. And I get chills thinking about it. I notice it's a wheat penny. I don't know if you know what a wheat penny is. No, I don't. So, a wheat penny looks different than a normal penny. It's got like two stalks of wheat on the outside of the penny. It's this old penny. And I look it up and I Google 1945 wheat penny value and one just sold. I I kid you not, I get chills thinking about it. One just sold. Guess for how much? I have no idea. $4,000. No way. Online. One sold for $4,000. Now it's all based on the condition and all these different things. Like, who knows? Maybe it's worth $20. Maybe it's worth $5,000. Maybe it's worth $100. But the idea is that there was more value inside of that penny than what met the eye originally. Yeah. And the experiment of let me be open to possibilities for money to come to me. And what I thought was two pennies might be $2,000. And all I had to do was be willing to look for it. Yeah. Be willing to pick it up and say, "I receive. Thank you." If I didn't look for it, if I didn't set that intention, if I didn't see the possibilities in front of me, I may not have received that penny that could have would be worth thousands. And it's the same thing in life. We may not see the opportunity in front of us right now. We may not reach out to the people we already know and say, "Hey, this is what I'm looking to create in my life. I have these skills. I have these talents. Is there anything that you need right now that I can be of service for you with?" Yeah. And that's for that first year. How you created multiple six figures in that first year when you had nothing was reaching out to hundreds of people. That was you either setting the intention, seeing that there might be possibilities and doing the work to manifest hundreds of thousands that first 6 months. So by doing that effort, setting the intention, by saying I'm open to possibilities, I'm open to receiving opportunities that come to me, but I have to be willing to look for them. I have to be willing to ask for them. I have to be willing to put myself out there and receive and say, "Yes, thank you. I will do this work." And that's what I think people need to be thinking about. Can you manifest millions? Yes. If you're willing to set a clear intention, if you're willing to reach out and say, "Here's what I'm willing to offer and add value in. I want to help you achieve these goals. You're creating more potential to manifest money." Yeah. I love that Penny story because I'll tell you a bit about what what I do and I I do a similar thing and it comes from my tradition. So do you have a do you have a money mantra? Not we don't say something but there's I'll tell you about it. Yeah. So there's a so in our tradition there's a god or a goddess for each aspect of society. And so there is god as in there's there's one god but then there's loads of different gods for different departments of society. Kind of like you have a president or a prime minister and then you have like the cabinet and that who's the money god. So it's a goddess called Lakshmi. That's lmi. Yeah. Laxshmi means wealth or fortune. It's like luxury almost. Yeah. Like laxmi. Yeah. Maybe that's where it comes from. Who knows? But Laxshmi is the goddess of fortune or the goddess of wealth. And so you would never ever put your foot on a goddess. So whenever you're walking the streets and you see pennies around, you're never meant to just walk past them. You're actually meant to pick them up and put them to your head. So that's kind of like part of our culture. And so whenever I'm walking around the streets of New York or LA, wherever I am or subways, I do the same thing. I'll always pick it up. And it's really funny because someone who's with me will be like, "What are you doing?" Like, you know, like why are you doing that? I'm like because I'm showing respect. I'm actually showing respect to the goddess of fortune. So good, man. And so that's what it is. It's like I'm showing respect to the goddess of fortune by picking it up. And usually you give that money to charity or whatever it may be. It's not it's not you're trying to keep on it. You may give it away, whatever. But the point is you're saying I'm not disrespecting the goddess of fortune wherever I see her. That's beautiful. because I want to have a respectful relationship with money. I actually really love practices like that because I think it goes back to the point you're making that we have a relationship with everything. You have a relationship with your body. You have a relationship with your mind. You have a relationship with your partner and you have a relationship with money. And so speaking to money and speaking about money is something you have to do if you want to love that thing and you want it to love you back. Right? If you never talk about your partner and you never talk to your partner, how are they going to love you and how are you going to love them? Imagine you're, you know, Rody for the next month, you never say thank you. Yeah. You never look her in the eyes. You never speak to her. You avoid her constantly. Imagine like your relationship's going to suffer. You know, I'm sure you guys will figure it out. But imagine that's a lifetime of a relationship. It cannot survive. And here's a great question that I want everyone to ask themselves and another exercise that I want everyone to think about right now. Whether you're watching or listening, I want you to comment on the YouTube below what opened up for you during this moment. And I'm going to give you the exercise, Jay. So imagine this door opens and it's a person. And this person is money. It's the idea of money. It's a person that walks in, right? Is money. And could you as an example for people to imagine this as well? What does that person look like when they come in? What would you do? What would you say or not say? Could you could you share kind of what that would be like for you? Money. A person walks in, they are money. They the representation of your relationship with money. Yeah. How would you show up and react? So in our culture, because it would be Lakshmi walking in, I'll show you a visual of her afterwards. You would actually bow down. Like you'd have that and that's a sign of respect, not a sign of surrender or subjugation, but a sign of respect. Like you'd bow. You'd offer her whatever she wanted. Like you'd be like, what what do you need? Like what would you like? What would you would you like a place to sit? Kind of like a guest in your home. Like a generous host. You treat them like a guest in your home. Yeah. Like what would you like? Can you can I get you something to drink? You know, whatever it may be. Obviously, she's a goddess. She don't need anything. But the point is that's how the hospitality would still be carried through. That's cool. And then you'd thank her as well. Like you'd start every connection with a with a god or a goddess with gratitude. So there'd be like a a genuine appreciation and an ability to share how you feel. Like I think being vulnerable and saying, "Hey, like it's been really tough this month. Like I'm really struggling right now. Like this is what I'm going through. Like I need your help." Like a prayer almost interesting of sorts. That's beautiful. And I asked I've been asking a lot of people this and so I love to hear people's responses and be honest in the the YouTube comments below of your relationship with money. I asked someone close to me uh someone younger probably in their late 20s. I asked them you know if money walked in and you were at a party how would you respond? And they said I would run to the bar. I would not make eye contact. I would gossip behind their back to other people there about money. I would look down at them, but then I would use them and abuse them because I would really need money. And I would ghost them afterwards. And I go and I go, "Wow." And they were like, "Yeah, I know. It's really bad." But they were being honest. So I want people to be honest. Like what is your relationship with money? And just imagine that's crazy. If you were money and someone treated you that way, if they wouldn't look at you, they would avoid you. They speak poorly behind your back. They would use and abuse you when they wanted you and then they ghost you when they didn't want to talk to you. Do you think money would want to keep showing up in your life if they were a person? Yeah, definitely. If they were a person, would they want to be in your life? Would they feel this isn't a good relationship for me? And your show is all about helping people get healed, healthy, and whole. And if you want to create a richer, more abundant life, you have to create a healthy relationship with money in your life. And look at it as if this was a love of my life. Not in a worshshiping like I worship it no matter what, but more of like this is like a person that I love and I want to treat them with care. I want to be a great host. How can I show up? And it doesn't mean it's always going to be perfect, but how can I show up and be generous, be kind, be patient, listen, be aware, and be of service to it. Yeah, I think make a huge difference. Huge difference. I'm not saying you haven't had a beautiful abundant, peaceful life as well with money, but I would bet to say that you've also experienced stress and overwhelm with money for sure more than having no money. And a lot of people get blocked because they know that like, oh, more money, more problems is another like money lie, right? Or money like wound that people might have. Like, I don't want to make more money cuz I see people who do have money, they're constantly stressed, they're not generous with it, they're stingy, they don't even tip at all. they're even more stingy with it and they have it. So, what's the point of having it if they're not generous? I don't want to be like that. And there can be money traps or money wounds when you have money if you haven't learned how to heal that relationship. And so, it's learning how to heal the relationship so that when you grow your net worth, you also increase your self-worth inside and feel peaceful about it. You expand your nervous system, your container to receive abundantly. So, it's not scary. It's not stressful. You can receive more and you can give more because you know that the more you relax, the more you receive. And when you give, it's going to come back in some way. I struggled with that. My first six, seven, eight years of making money. I hoarded money cuz I was afraid to go broke again. And it limited me in certain ways and it made me feel stressful and it made me feel like people were trying to take advantage of me and take my money. It doesn't feel rich having money and living in scarcity still. There was a beautiful thing that we'd always repeat in the monastery. It was like God doesn't see what you give. God sees what you hold back. And so there's not this, you know, because we can sometimes become egotistical about how much we give. And it's like you got one hand behind your back. And that's you just made that point. It's that it's that pinch. It's that are you giving where there's a challenge to give? Because that's where we're healing. Because you can get really egotistical like hey if you were worth a billion and you signed a million dollar check like I've I know people that are making 3 million in interest a day like so you writing a million dollar check is not the same. This also applies when you have very little. So my parents who didn't make a lot when they were giving um felt like a lot. It felt like a lot. And so like what we're saying is that that this thought of being a giver has to be core to us. You know, my dad was a lot like that, too. He had strangers knocking on the door that somehow convinced him to to stay with us for like 3 months in the summer. Uh who were and he just opened his doors and said yes. Like, okay. And so he was just like like your parents like okay, you need a place to stay for a week, a month, two months, cool, we'll figure it out. We'll feed you. We'll do this as long as we feel like you're doing something good and we're trying to support you. And I think it's you don't have to give money to feel rich. Yes. You can be very generous with your time, with your resources in other ways, with your food. It's like you can give in other ways and create a richness of life. And that's the key is to feel rich and abundant and free. And if you feel that when you start making money, you're going to continue to feel free. The biggest trap is when you feel scarce and you start making money and you still feel trapped. You still don't feel free. That is an even greater prison in my mind that you're living in scarcity when you have money. I mean, there's so many people right now that have the pressure to save money because we've been talking about making money. Yes. But there's this pressure to save money. And how do you find that balance between spending comfortably if you have the ability versus like saving for your future or your family? Like how do you think about that version? Well, I think when you can live beneath your means and feel abundant, you've won. So, when you live beneath your means and you don't need extra stuff, you've won. I just watched um The Count of Monte Cristo the other night. It's an incredible movie of a guy who has nothing who was born by, you know, back in the I don't know 1700s or something. It's a period piece. He was born of like a clerk, a guy who makes no money. And his friend was born of like some general who had a lot of money or something. And this poor kid that grew up friends didn't have anything, but he had the world. He had no money, no possessions, but he just approached life was like, man, but here's a piece of string. Here's a rock that I can play with. Like, I can just imagine the beauty of the world. And he appreciated everything even though he had no money. And I think in some ways it's so hard to look at that when we see Instagram and Tik Tok where everyone has things. That's the hard part. Yeah. when you see everyone else having fun with money and going on that trip with their girlfriends or buying that expensive car to show off to their guy friends or getting the nice watches or having the cool shoes and you thinking, "Oh, if I could really have money, then I could have these things that would make me feel cool or feel better." But if we can approach life and just be like, "Man, life is so good with what I have." That is true wealth. That is true abundance and happiness. And it doesn't mean you shouldn't strive to create more. If you want more, if you want to have nice shoes or a nice watch, cool. You got to learn how to make money. And you want to learn how to make money easy, not make money hard. And that that is a process in developing these skills, these talents within you and seeing how you can monetize those skills. And I'm not saying don't splurge on certain things if you want to, but you have to understand the consequences. If you're going to splurge on something to have fun with friends or go on trips and spend this money that you maybe don't have, just know there might be a consequence to that later. If you have to use a credit card, you have to pay that debt with interest later. So, just know there's a cost to splurging or doing spending when you don't have it. I'm a big fan of saving and investing so that you can have freedom in the future and feel rich continually and not needing to buy things to feel richer. Yeah. What about this idea of I want to make money quick? Like I just want to make a million dollars in a week. I want to find that hack that solves my money problems. Like what's your take on that? Is that possible? I've got money wounds and it's because I wanted to make easy money in my past, not make money easy. And I don't know anyone that doesn't want to make easy money. Like our ego wants it to come to us now and want to find the quick hack or the the quick investment that's going to 10x in two months. Sure, there's always outliers that figure out a way to do that, but every time I've tried to do that, I've lost my money and it's been painful. And I'm like, "Okay, I think I've learned that lesson, but here's this new like quick, easy money opportunity." And every time I do it again, I'm like, "What was I thinking?" Yeah. You see that others act like there's a way to do it so easy. If you just invest in crypto, if you just invest in this, if you just do this thing, you're going to make quick and easy money. I don't know anyone who's made hundreds of millions, millions, or billions who's lived that way. They might have invested and gone all in on one business and created generational wealth. Or maybe they went all in on investing in one main stock that ended up 10 or 20xing over time. But going the quick make easy money way doesn't usually work and it's painful lessons you have to live afterwards. So I don't know. Have you ever made quick easy money? No. No. I I haven't for sure. And and I probably made mistakes when I had a bad relationship with money. Yeah. I remember my one of my mentors in like 2013 told me to invest in crypto. And at the time I thought to myself, it's a scam. I've only got like I only like at that time in my life, I probably had $1,000, right, saved because I'd just come out. I just started working. I didn't have the money. So I was thinking $1,000, what's it going to do? Obviously I was stupid. I didn't know. That also wouldn't have been quick. It would have taken 10 15 years. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like 12. We could always look back and say, "Oh, our friend told us to invest in this thing 10 years ago." And if I imagine if I did it 10 years Yeah. Just like any stock. If you invest in it and wait 10 years, it should go up if the company continues to do well. I've never made easy money. And I Well, here's You actually You actually have made easy money after putting in a decade plus of work. a decade of developing skills, of monetizing your skills, and following the seven habits we talk about in this book, which is yeah, you can make easy money now. You can get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to speak for 60 minutes because you've added so much value in the world for the past decade plus and even a decade before that of spiritual practice before you even learned how to make money. So, two decades, two decades of how do I develop skills within me to serve people, whether it be one-on-one, 1 to 10, 1 to 10,000. How do I develop those skills to serve and give generously? You have followed this mindset perfectly, which is a mindset of generosity and gratitude. And that's all you did for essentially the last two decades. How can I learn how to become a better human? How can I give generously? and how can I be appreciative and grateful for the life that I have? And you had no money for almost four years as a monk, but I would bet that you lived a beautifully rich life. Mhm. You didn't need the money to feel rich. You felt provided for. You had nature. You had community. You were learning. You got to be on purpose. You got to serve. And what a beautiful gift to receive. And you had no money in your bank account. Mhm. But you were probably one of the richest people that you knew. And that is beautiful. Yeah. That is abundant. Yeah. And that's something that definitely doesn't change with the financial change. If I have no money right now, how can I get to a place where you were at where I had the richest, most abundant life? Cuz I was working on me. I was a giver. I was generous with my time and my energy and my resources with every whatever I had. And then how can I start to earn more money, make money easy by feeling effortless internally, expanding my nervous system so that it can receive more and feel safe. That is a rich abundant life. And that's what we're all really looking for. And me and you both know people who have hundreds of million dollars that they've exited companies and they're not happy. It doesn't mean having more money equals happiness. You still have to learn how to heal you and have a healthy relationship with yourself and money even when you have it. When you're looking for a quick fix and a quick win, the problem is the speed at which you win is the speed at which you lose. Yes. Right. So if you think I'll put money into this now, I'll make something in a week. Chances are, like you said, you lose it immediately. You lose in a day. You lose it in a day. And the reason that happens is because you actually don't know why you're putting your money there. So it goes back to your first point of awareness. It goes back to something you call the mapping habit, the plan. Because what's going on is you're saying, I want this to happen now. I want this to happen immediately. I want this to happen quickly. So I know zero about this crypto. I know zero about this property. I've had friends literally gamble away their life savings because they heard all their friends were making money through crypto. I always when people say to me, "I've got this much money. What should I invest in?" I'm like, "What do you know about? Invest in that. What do you actually know about?" Like, "What do you actually have experience, knowledge, wisdom in because guess what? Because of that, you'll make money on it because you actually understand it." Again, it goes back to the point of respect. If we don't respect our audience, it doesn't grow. If you don't respect your community, it doesn't grow. If you don't respect your clients, it doesn't grow. By us saying, "I want to make money, but I know nothing about this industry," it means I'm disrespecting the industry. And sure, there may be one person who had some lucky story that they tell you about. But the truth is, most of us are not going to get there. So, if you have a little bit of money and you're like, "Jay, I've only got $100 to invest. Lewis, I've only got $1,000 to invest." And you ask me where to put it, put it in what you know. Put it in yourself if that's all you know is yourself and your skills. And I think so many of us are looking for that ticket, but actually that investment in yourself will pay so many dividends. This is this is I'm glad you said this because a week ago someone literally asked me if I have $1,000 right now to invest, where should I invest it? And everyone says, "Put it in crypto, put it in real estate funds, put it in all these things." Don't listen to any of that. When I had no money, there was two things that I needed to create more of a currency within me. And that was courage and confidence. I lacked the courage to develop certain skills. When I had courage to go all in on learning public speaking or learning how to write, I didn't know those skills. I actually lacked those skills and I was afraid to be a failure at those things by trying them. But by having the courage to invest my time and energy in a public speaking class, in a writing coach, I didn't have the skills, but I developed the courage. That courage created the actions to create confidence. That confidence created a currency within me of belief. That belief dictated my behaviors to start charging more, to go out there and ask for more, to put myself out there in bigger ways. And so, if you have $1,000 or $5,000 right now and you want to figure out where to invest it, invest it in courage to learn new skills that will give you confidence. That will be an incredible currency that you'll have forever. I mean, Lewis, I'm so excited for people to read this book. It's honestly I love this conversation because we're both sitting here as people who like you said not not finished our money journey either. We're we're you know I've got so many years left to learn so much more. The reason why I empathize with it is I never ever thought I'd be financially abundant mentally or physically. And I know you feel the same way. I never figure out how to make money. Same. I really empathize with everyone who's listening going I'm stuck. I'm trying to figure this out. But I really do believe it starts with this because this is the work you'll have to do whether you make money tomorrow or in 10 years. And no matter how much you make, you're still going to have to do this work. Yes. In this book because even if you find a way to make money and you become really really financially successful, you will never feel free in that financial success without doing this work. And you'll still feel anxious and you'll still feel stressed and you'll still feel all of that. Right? I tell a story in the book about I used to live in an apartment building here in you know in LA. It was really sad and there's a lot of wealthy people in this building that I lived in. A lot of celebrities and billionaires. I was the poorest person there which is another another lesson which is to put yourself in rooms where you can mastermind with people and be around proximity of of people who have more so you can learn from them. But I uh was on a trip and I came back from a trip driving back into the the valet of my building and there was a tent in the valet like in the driveway and I kind of jokingly said to the valet attendant as I pulled into the building I said someone didn't jump did they kind of like joking and the guy looked at me with like a serious face like yeah it just happened like 30 minutes ago and I was I was like this can't be real. I was like what? There's billionaires in here. There's millionaires in here. There's celebrities in here. I was like, why would anyone in this building take their own life? And it was kind of like just this shock to me because I learned later who this person was. Someone did jump off the building right before I came back. And he was worth hundreds of millions of dollars net worth if you just Googled his name. And I was just thinking, why would someone worth so much money take their life? And I don't want to assume what really happened, but it doesn't mean having all the money in the world is going to solve all your problems, and you're going to feel like you can love and accept yourself, that you have self-worth. So, like you said, you may learn how to make a lot of money, but if you haven't learned how to heal your relationship with you, then all the money in the world can't save your life and can't make you feel rich, can't make you feel abundant, can't make you have beautiful relationships with friends, family, colleagues. And that's real. The real wealth comes in life when you have deep meaningful relationships. And something I want to acknowledge that you do really well is you follow this first habit, the mindset habit so well, which is how can I be generous with my time, my energy, my love for friends, family, colleagues, your community. This community feels it. Everyone listening and watching right now feel your generosity, your giving heart, and your gratitude for them. Whether it be individually or collectively, they feel it. And most people, they want to make more money, but they don't have that generosity, that grateful spirit, and they want the quick fix. They want to make easy money quick, not make money easy. And the billionaires that I know you know, and the millionaires that that we know, we've interviewed, and I'll ask them this question. What do you think the key to creating more financial abundance every year after year is for you? Every billionaire or mega millionaire will say giving more. I make more when I give more that year. Whether it be giving more to charities, whether it be giving to people in my life, whether it be giving back to my community, giving back to my employees, my business, finding ways to give more and almost give where it feels a little uncomfortable. Like that was that was a big check I just wrote. Oh man, I care about this cause, this charity. Uh, I feel safe giving this amount, but what really would make it uncomfortable? Or I go to church every week and I typically give this, but what would make me feel a little uncomfortable? Most of these people say the more they give when it's the most uncomfortable, somehow they just keep earning more. And I'm not saying you should give all your money away and you're going to earn more back. But having that mindset of generosity, and you do this very well where you give to your community, whenever there's some type of breakdown in the world, you you're one of the first people to say, "How can we give? How can we rally the troops?" You give first. You rally the troops. Say, "Let's give back." The fires happened. Stuff happened in India a couple years ago. Stuff's always happening. And you say, "We're going to give." I don't know if that seems something conscious you think about like oh by giving more every year it helps me make more but also I feel richer and when you do that with everyone in your life whether you're the hostess and you give curiosity love passion fun playfulness you're giving something in that moment if you can write a check for something that is a cause and you give it's because you can and you do it generously it's just going to make you richer inside and you're creating an energy of abundance to attract more. I think for me it was watching my parents. So for all the other things I said about just enough and everything, my parents always gave in charity. Our home was always a home where everyone was welcome. My mom would happily cook dinner for everyone even though, you know, we didn't have everything. Yeah. And so my parents had this generous heart at the same time. They probably felt rich in that generosity. For sure. And they did it when we didn't have a lot. Like my parents now when I realize how much my parents made and how much they gave in charity, the proportions were pretty off. And I think for me, I just felt so fortunate and I feel so lucky and I feel so grateful that I have been able to find abundance in my life that I feel like the only natural reaction to that has to be to give. Yeah. When I came back to LA with the fires and everything, I was just grateful to come back to our home. Yeah. But not everyone I know came back to a home. And so I felt grateful that I had a home. And so I was like, okay, what can we do? And so I think it comes from a place of gratitude again. It comes from a place of seeing my parents be so generous even though they had nothing to give actually. And it ultimately comes to me because I just feel like there's no better use for it in the long run than that. And I do believe it will come back in its own way. I don't give it because I want it back. I I give it because I believe there's a need. But I do deeply believe that it will come back in its own way and it always has. The book's called Make Money Easy: Create Financial Freedom and Live a Richer Life. Lewis House. Lewis, I'm so grateful genuinely for this conversation. It's left me feeling so rich. I've always felt rich in our friendship and I'm really glad that you wrote about it in this way because I think there's lots of great money experts out there who are giving really good sound financial advice. Yeah, that's not that's not what this is. And I think we need all of it, but I think this is a deep part because I know for me personally, this has been really deep work and you put it into a book. And so I'm so grateful that people get to access. Thank you for doing this. Everyone who's been listening or watching, read the book, learn the habits, tag me and Lewis on Instagram, on Tik Tok. Let me know what's resonating with you, what's connected with you. I want to hear your stories. I want to hear what skill you invested in. I want you to turn up at your job. Even if you hate it, I want you to turn up to it with all the love that you possibly have. See whose mind you blow, who gets impressed by what you're doing. Someone's going to be able to shift your life at some point. And it's going to start with you. But just don't underestimate the value of these things that sound simple and they sound like I've got to figure out something more complex. No, no, no. This is where it starts. And this will mean that at the end of it, you'll be happy. So, uh, thank you to Lewis. Thank you to each and every one of you. And yeah, make money easy. Appreciate it, bro. Make money easy. I love you, bro. If you love this episode, you'll love my conversation with Dr. Joe Dispensza on why stress and overthinking negatively impacts your brain and heart and how to change your habits that are on autopilot. Listen to it right now. How many times do we have to forget until we stop forgetting and start remembering? That's the moment of change. No one cares how many times you fell off the bicycle. If you ride the bicycle now you ride the

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArmandoRosas-g3f: THE NEW GOATS ARE HERE. 
THIS GENERATION TONY ROBBINS
  2. @giuliatogato2156: Guys I'm sorry, I love you both but this is way too whoo whoo...
  3. @SkyKnight73: To me money looks like a voluptuous model, she's casually dressed in a hoddie and skirt. A mix of Britney spears pop with Avaril Levine punk enefy. She's calm yet respectful and is looking for something to love and to feel genuinely appreciated beyond just her looks.
  4. @RobertScofield-g4y: Monopoly man with dollar bills all over him. Pure green. Lets talk
  5. @Therinasmith: Interesting perspective. It’s true that sometimes people can achieve a lot financially and still not feel fulfilled. Do you think mindset plays a bigger role than income?
  6. @richek6320: My take away " To learn my money story, being generous in my time and talents to others. Being grateful for receiving and giving money to feel and becoming more abundant.
  7. @tolivethelife: super valuable talk, thanks :)
  8. @directedbyshe: I don't have a relationship with money. I never wanted to desire it bc I never had it growing up and I didn't want it to disapoint me if I didn't get it. Now I am learning how that's the reason I am in the my current situation where money has left all at once. I feel that it needed to happen because I typed this " how to have relationshipt with money" and this podcast came up. This dry money level has been the best thing ever bc i AM changing my story today and my life is going to be new with this relationship. Thank you both :)
  9. @marcelruja: 8:55
...million dolar in the bank and still sleeping on frinds couches? O wow...He sayd that? Really?
  10. @Sparkle-87: The person who walks in through the door if he were money - I would hug and kiss him, he’s my world known him a while but developed romantically - I found him and I want to be the best person and just have a great life together so he has no worries in life ❤
  11. @hiranjandias3626: $ I need help
  12. @hiranjandias3626: $
  13. @Sparkle-87: I’m reading a book called Napoleon hill - think and grow rich good book so far
  14. @isaiahthe_dev: I come from a place where my trust has been broken many times. I grew up being outcasted from my family simply because Im mixed or because they dont like my parents, my friends would use me and make fun of me behind my back just because i was always a bit awkward in social situations, and now my girlfriend of nearly 2 years is pregnant, and im starting to find out that this girl isnt the one for me cause shes not as passionate about helping the community as I am. It seems like shes more focused on getting her own needs provided. I cant give up my responsibilities because i have some part in getting myself in this situation and i work off of principles, not survival. But after bills and unexpected expenses i end up nearly broke at the end of each month. I managaed to save up a couple thousand and ive been looking into starting my own business, but im not sure what kind of business to get into because i dont have a truck or much money to put in initially but i have a very strong work ethic and drive. I just cant afford something too risky cause i have a baby to think about. If anyone could just share some advice it would mesn the world to me
  15. @CheniReacts-e5o: Great vídeo, Thank you :face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @modernbossblueprint: talking to money is what stood out for me, unlearning the narrative that all people that have money are doing shady things!!!
  17. @AdrianaGonzalez-if3vu: Thank you so much for this conversation. Golden nuggets. You both are amazing and wise men.  I learned a lot from you today and I would like to add value everywhere I go.:face-red-heart-shape:
  18. @JasonBrown282-f2l: I like that you kept it realistic instead of overhyping things. Makes it easier to trust.
  19. @DanielMartin-g9t: Do you think social media is helping people learn finance, or just creating false expectations?
  20. @SportsTrendingStats: I think you are too old to have nintendo in your young age 😂

- 21 Principles Of Financial Freedom Will Change Your Future | Brian Tracy's Life Advice 2024: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] there's an important point to remember no one is better than you and no one is smarter than you I repeat no one is better than you and no one is smarter than you one of the reasons you may not achieve financial success is that you believe others are doing better than you this is not true in fact most millionaires were once ordinary people with ordinary education doing ordinary jobs living in average neighborhoods in average homes and driving average cars but they discovered what financially successful people did and they did the same until they achieved similar results it's not a mystery and it's not luck when you think and act like millionaires you will also achieve similar results simply put this is the result of the law of cause and effect here are 21 principles of self-made millionaires each principle is essential to help you become a millionaire just failing to apply any one of these principles can sabotage even destroy your chances of achieving Prosperity remember that the principle of goals dreaming Big Dreams is the first secret to becoming a millionaire simply put Dream Big Dreams allow yourself to dream imagine a life you love think about the amount of money you want to earn and have in your bank account all great people started with dreams of things better and different from what they have now you probably know the lyrics hey you got to have dreams if you want to turn dreams into reality this is true for you and anyone create for yourself a vision of a long-term future the clearer your vision of health happiness and finances the faster F you will achieve them when creating a clear mental image of what you are heading for in life you will become more positive energetic and determined to turn it into reality here's a big question you need to consistently answer Dare To Dream what would you dare to dream if you knew you couldn't fail if you ensure success in any life goal big or small shortterm or longterm what would it be what big goals would you dream less if you knew you couldn't fail practice writing down a list of everything you would do or try to achieve if you were sure to succeed then decide on a specific action and implement it immediately the principle stresses clear instructions let your dreams manifest into clear written goals perhaps the greatest discovery in human history is that the philosophy you spend most of your time thinking about will become what you think about most there are two factors that anything that happens to you in life that is what you think and how you think about it success ful people spend all their time thinking about their goals as a result they constantly move towards their goals and those goals also constantly move towards them anything you spend most of your time thinking about will grow in your life if you're thinking talking and imagining your goals you're more likely to accomplish them faster than others think and talk about your worries issues and problems here is a seven-step method for setting and achieving goals that you can use to become a millionaire firstly identify precisely what you desire in each area of life especially in the financial aspect most people do not do this secondly write down your goals clearly and specifically after putting your goals on paper you will notice a surprise between thinking and writing thirdly set deadlines for each goal have a backup deadline if it's a major goal build your goals gradually list the daily actions needed to achieve them fourthly turn the list into an action plan determine what to do first what to do next what's more important what's less important fifthly start implementing the plan immediately sixthly and perhaps the most crucial step every day do everything to get you closer to your most important goal pay attention to daily actions to help you achieve significant success in any area you want to complete practice thinking on paper sit down and write down your goals and plan to achieve them this exercise can help you become a millionaire the third principle is to consider yourself a boss right now you take 100% respons posibility for what you have and will have do not give reasons or blame others for your troubles or shortcomings stop complaining about things you are dissatisfied with in life instead of criticizing others for anything take responsibility for yourself if there's something in life you don't like you must take responsibility to change it you are responsible for yourself when you see yourself as a boss you will develop an entrepreneurial Spirit the spirit of independent autonomous and self-starting individuals expect something to happen make it happen you take full responsibility for your health finances career relationships lifestyle home car and everything that exists in your life this is the mindset of an independent millionaire practice identifying the legitimate reasons why you cannot fully commit to your financial goals do you blame someone or something that hinders you in life no matter what it is take full responsibility for your life and act now principle four do what you love doing what you truly love is one of the biggest secrets to achieving financial success one of the top responsibilities in life is to find what you truly love the field where you are naturally talented then Focus your entire mind to do it best when doing a job you truly love you will feel full of energy excitement and ideas to do it better a question arises here if you earn a tax-free million dollars what will you continue to do tomorrow that you are currently doing this is a significant question simply put what would you do if you had all the time and money you needed and the freedom to choose your profession millionaires if they had a million dollars would continue doing what they do but they would do it differently better or at a higher level however they love their work to the extent that they would never consider giving it up in practice identify the type of work you love the most what activity has contributed the most to your success in life so far if you could do any job and succeed in it what job would you choose set it as a plan and start moving in that direction from today the fifth principle is a commitment to Excellence solving today is the best way to do what you can do set a goal for yourself to be in the top 10% in your field whatever it may be this decision will help you succeed achieve great success in your work it can be a turning point in your life almost all successful people excel in the field they choose believe that no one can do better than you and no one is smarter than than you all those in the top 10% today started from those in the top 10% finally everyone doing well now has done poorly before all those at the top of their field have had a time doing other fields and if many others can do well you can do well too this is a great principle for Success your life only gets better when you do better and since there is no limit to how much better you can become there is no limit to how much better you can make your life this is one of the most important questions you have to ask and answer from now until the end of your career which skill if I develop and use it perfectly will have the most positive impact on my life practice identifying the areas you are primarily responsible for in your current job what parts of your job do you have to excel in to help you become a leader in your field where are your strengths and weaknesses plan for you to develop skills that can help you achieve the most success the principle is to work longer work harder all self-made entrepreneurs work a lot a lot and a lot they often start work early work harder and stay in the office later they are the most famous among those who work the hardest in their field and everyone knows that practice the 40 plus formula in this formula you work 40 hours a week to survive anything you do over 40 hours is to achieve success if you only work an average of 40 hours about 35 hours then all you do is to survive you will never exceed you will will never achieve great financial success you will never be highly valued and respected by colleagues you see just be ordinary workers the 40-hour work week is your main work but every hour Beyond 40 hours is an investment in your future in fact you can accurately assess your position in the next 5 years by looking at the number of hours you work beyond the 40-hour work week each week there is no substitute for the need to work harder in practice plan today to increase your working hours every day arrive at the office 1 hour earlier and start working during lunch breaks even when others have already left stay in the office 1 hour later this strategy will double your productivity while only requiring an additional two hours of work each day the seventh principle is lifelong learning almost unlimited learning and Improvement are within your ability in the field you have chosen you have more mental faculties intellectual abilities than you have ever used if you strive to develop yourself in the remaining part of your life you are smarter than you imagine there is no harm you cannot overcome no problem you cannot solve and no goal you cannot achieve by applying the intellectual power to every situation leadership is for those who love to learn and continuous learning is the key to the 21st century lifelong learning is a minimum requirement for success in any field decide today that you will become a good student in your field and you will continue to learn and improve throughout your life there are three important principles for you to learn lifelong first you must spend at least 30 minutes to 60 minutes each day learning about your field reading is a way to train your mind like exercising your body reading 1 hour every day if you read one book a week then in a year you will have 50 books and in 15 years you will have read 500 books since the average adult can't finish a book in 15 years so when you start reading one hour every day one book a week this will give you a significant Advantage you will become one of the smartest outstanding and highly paid people by simply reading 1 hour every day second listen to radio programs while driving on average a person sits in a car for about 500 to 1,000 hours a year equivalent to 12 to 24 hours a week equivalent to 3 to 6 months of work and equivalent to one to two semesters at a university third participate in courses and semin minars that you think can help you improve your skills in your field this is a combination of books in-depth research and seminars that will help you save hundreds of hours and thousands of dollars along with many years of hard work to achieve the level of financial success you desire practice choosing a topic that can help you work more productively more effectively in your field set a goal to become an expert in that topic turn it into a project make yourself read about that topic every day listen to radio programs about that topic attend seminars and embark on the project as if your future depended on it the eighth principle is to pay yourself first starting today determined to save and invest at least 10% of your income throughout your working life deposit 10% of your salary each time you receive it into a special account to accumulate wealth if throughout your life you save1 100 a month and put at least 10% do15 into a mutual fund you could have an account of over $100 million when you retire this means that anyone even those with a minimum wage who starts saving early and saves long enough can become a millionaire by the time they retire the main reason retirees find themselves in poverty is that they spent recklessly before retiring buying whatever they liked without thinking they become victims of what is called Parkinson's law which states that expenses rise to meet income this means that no matter how much you earn you will spend all of it and even more you never save and escape from debt don't let yourself fall victim to Parkinson's law if you don't know how to save 10% of your income today start saving 1% of your income in a special account understand and discipline yourself to do this at the beginning of each month even if you have to pay off debts live comfortably with 99% of your income when it feels more comfortable than 99% of your income gradually increase the amount you save to 2% 3% then 4% and continue to increase over a year you will set aside 10% and maybe 15% or 20% of your income and live comfortably With Your Balanced income and expenses at that point your savings and investment accounts will also start to grow you will need to be more careful with your spending and pay off your debts starting within one or two years you will gain control over your entire Financial life and embark on the path to becoming a millionaire anyone who tries this process sees results so apply it to yourself the ninth principle is to learn the details of your job the market will reward great achievements handsomely reward average performance moderately and punish desperate failure severely set a goal to become an expert in your chosen field by learning every detail to improve your work read every magazine about your field read and study the latest books participate in courses and seminars by experts in your field join professional or trade associations attend every meeting and connect with other top Professionals in your field if you are a salesperson become a lifelong student study the average sales process well by 20% top salespeople will earn 16 times more than the bottom 80% the top 10% of salespeople earn even more if you are a manager determine to become a well-known professional manager if you are starting to build your own company learn business strategies tactics and try to come up with new ideas every day aim to be the best in your business or profession one detail one perspective one small idea can be a turning point in your career so always seek it principle 10 serve others passionately the reward what you receive in life is always proportional to your service to others millionaires are always obsessed with serving their customers they think about their customers all the time everywhere they constantly find new and better ways to serve their customers ask yourself these questions what do customers really want what do customers value what can I do for customers better than others why did my customers buy from someone else today and what do I have to do for them to buy from me your success in life will be proportional to what you do after you do what is expected of you always look for opportunities to do more than you are paid for always find ways to go the extra mile to provide customers with more than what is required and be rewarded for it remember that there will never be a traffic jam on that extra mile principal 11 be absolutely honest with yourself and others perhaps the most valued and highly regarded quality you can develop is integrity be absolutely honest in everything you do in every task and action never compromise on Integrity remember that your word is your bond and integrity is Paramount in business the first key to developing Integrity is to be honest with yourself in all aspects the highest honesty is with the inner person within you being honest with yourself means doing things well once you commit to them authenticity is expressed internally through personal honesty and externally through the quality of your work the second key to developing Integrity is to be honest with others live truthfully with everyone never say or do something that you do not believe is right good or Genuine live by the highest standard you know principle 12 set clear priorities and focus all your mind on them when you develop the habit of prioritizing outstanding priorities and focus your entire mind on them you will be able to accomplish anything you want in life this core strategy is the main factor that brings High income wealth and financial Independence to thousands even millions of people the ability to set clear priorities and engage in achieving them is a crucial test and measure of your will discipline and character this is the most difficult but essential Habit to develop if you want great success here's a method make a list of everything you need to do before you start any goal establish goals on that list by always asking yourself four questions the first question what is my highest value activity among the things you do which one is of superior value to your work and your business the second question why am I paid exactly what are you hired to do focus on results not activities the third question what can I and only I do if done well it will make a real difference the fourth question right now what is the most valuable thing I can spend my time on finally focus on one task the most important task and persist in doing it until it is 100% complete be patient and don't let distractions take you away wake up to the task until it's done principle 13 build a reputation for Speed and reliability time is the currency of the 21st century everyone today is living in an unusual Rush your job is to build a reputation for Speed develop a sense of urgency and develop an action orientation act quickly to seize opportunities act quickly when people want something need something act quickly when when you see something that needs to be done practice choosing an important task that you cannot postpone to start and be determined to do it immediately remind yourself of the Mantra do it now do it now do it now principal 14 prepare to climb from one Peak to another like a mountain climber after climbing one Peak that person has to go down to the valley before climbing Another Mountain your life and career will also be such a series of ups and downs have you ever heard the saying life is a process of taking two steps forward one step back develop a long-term Vision or a broader view for everything you do plan 2 3 4 5 years for the future and do not allow yourself to fall into an emotionally unstable state with the short-term fluctuations of Life recognize that everything in your life moves in cycles and Trends stay calm confident and comfortable with temporary fluctuations in your career when you have clear goals and plans when the overall trend in your life is forward and upward success will come to you principle 15 cultivate discipline in everything self-discipline is the most important quality for success in life and to become a millionaire if you can discipline yourself to do what needs to be done at the necessary time whether you like it or not success is sure to come to you the key to becoming a millionaire is to have a long-term Vision combined with the ability to postpone immediate gratification it is the ability to set long-term goals self-imposed daily routines and only focus on doing what ensures success eventually you will achieve long-term goals self-discipline demands that you be self-governing self-controlling self-responsible and self-guiding the difference between successful and unsuccessful people is that successful ones have the habit of building principle 16 unlock your inherent creativity here is something even better you are a hidden genius you are smarter than you think you possess intelligence and creativity beyond what you have applied so far your creativity is stimulated by three factors first powerful goals second urgent problems third Central questions the more you concentrate your mind to achieve goals solve problems or answer challenging questions in your personal life or business the smarter and more focused your intellect becomes on future work principle 17 associate with the right people 85% of your success and happiness in life are determined by the quality of the relationships you develop in your personal and professional activities the more people you know and the more people know you in positive relationships the more likely you are to succeed and move forward quickly it seems that at every turning point in life there will always be someone who either helps you or hinders you successful people have the habit of building and maintaining a network of reliable relationships the result is that they accomplish more than those who just go home and watch TV every night everything is related almost every problem in your life is the result of relating incorrectly to the wrong people all your great successes come from beautiful relationships with beautiful people over 90% of your success is determined by your Social Circle The Social Circle is defined as the people you regularly associate with and hang out with millionaires continually expand their networks they participate in Industry trade associations attend all meetings and care about the actions of groups they introduce themselves to people at social and business events they exchange business cards and talk about what they do and here's one of the best strategies whenever you meet someone new suggest they talk about their business in particular let them tell you what you should know to send to customers and then the sooner the better see if you can bring customers to them be a giver rather than a taker always find ways to give before you start thinking about ways to receive the best way for you to network and build your relationships is to constantly find ways to help others achieve their goals the more you give the more unexpected rewards you will receive principal 18 take care of your physical health we are living in the greatest era in human history in terms of Health and Longevity nowadays people can live better and longer than ever before aim to live to at least 80 90 or even 100 years with good health and you can absolutely achieve this first set a goal to live at least 80 years then examine your current health habits and see if they can help you live healthily until 80 there are three key aspects needed for a healthy happy and active life the first is maintaining a proper weight set a goal for a manageable and lifelong weight and stick to it the second is proper nutrition emphasizing healthier and moderate eating consume more protein fruits and vegetables limit snacks sugary drinks candies and anything with excess sugar salt should be consumed in moderation and limit intake of white flour products divide your meals into smaller portions which is better than having one large meal once you have full control over your eating habits you will easily control other habits in your life the third key to extending lifespan is proper exercise requiring around 200 minutes of physical activity per week or an average of 30 minutes per day you can exercise in various forms like walking for 30 to 60 minutes a day a few days a week if necessary join health clubs purchase home exercise equipment and engage in more intense workouts principal 19 be decisive and action-oriented one of the qualities of millionaires is that they always think deeply and then quickly make decisions they train themselves to admire the action plate and Implement their decisions immediately they act fast and rapidly receive feedback from their actions if they see a mistake they quickly correct it and try a different approach the key to success for you is to lead yourself like successful people be decisive and try more things things than others follow the law of probability if you try different ways to succeed the probability is that you will eventually find the right way at the right time principle 20 never allow failure to be an option the fear of failure is the greatest obstacle to human success note that failure itself does not prevent you from success because failure makes you stronger more flexible and more determined it is the fear of failure or the psych ological anticipation of failure that can paralyze your thinking and actions holding on to fears prevents you from doing what you need to do to achieve great success dare to move forward millionaires are not gamblers but they are always willing to accept the risks that have been anticipated in goal setting to achieve greater rewards than reality your willingness to become rich in any situation you face is the most important guide to whether you're willing to take risks ask yourself the question what is the worst thing that will happen if I move forward in fact everyone is afraid of failure afraid of loss and poverty afraid of making mistakes millionaires are those who face failure cautiously thoughtfully and take action in any case when you dare to act there will be invisible strength to help you every courageous action will increase your courage in the future whenever you take action toward progress without the guarantee of success your fear will diminish and your confidence and courage will increase eventually you will reach a point where you are not afraid of anything principle 21 overcome challenges cultivate perseverance perseverance is an essential quality for everyone perseverance in human nature is like Springs to Steel it is an indispensable quality that always accompanies great success one of the greatest secrets of perseverance and success is to program in your subconscious about perseverance to deal with the difficulties and disappointments you will encounter on the pth path to conquering success determination is now give up waiting no matter what happens when immersed in too many difficult problems you will not have enough time to exert the necessary perseverance to solve them but if you plan ahead for the inevitable ups and downs in life when they come you will be completely proactive in mentality courage and perseverance persistent and determined facing every challenge more than anything else will ensure your success your greatest personal asset is you enduring more than others in fact perseverance is the measure of your belief and your ability to lead to success believe that you can be as good as or better than the people you've met you are an exceptional individual you have more intelligence and talent than you realize or use what you already have within you as the hidden potential to accomplish everything beautiful in your life the greatest responsibility in your life is to Dream Big Dreams accurately what you desire make plans to achieve that practice the strategy is taught in this book direct your actions every day towards your dreams and goals be persistent and never give up when you take these actions

  Top Comments:
  1. @TasleemKhan-mj4vz [1 likes]: H
  2. @GabrielMagaña-f8v [1 likes]: Dream big dreams
  3. @NoahBennett-b3w [1 likes]: Honestly, I think too many people underestimate how easy it is to go broke, even when you're earning decent money. It’s not about how much you make. It’s how you manage it
  4. @WealthRealityCheck [1 likes]: Brian Tracy's principles always hit the mark can’t wait to apply some of these to my own journey!
  5. @CerysDuffy [1 likes]: I got into trading, thinking I’d learn along the way. I enjoyed the challenge, but reality hit pretty fast. YouTube alone wasn’t cutting it, |and the constant ups and downs had me guessing. I lost more than I gained, but it showed me exactly what I was lacking.
  6. @TheCashflowCode4k: What does this mean for my personal finance?
  7. @247Empowerment: This is such a powerful reminder 💡
  8. @AlexanderKing-t7z: I wish I had access to something like this when I was in my early 20s. Back then, I thought financial success was just about earning a paycheck and spending what I had left. I never understood concepts like compounding, budgeting with intention, or building assets. Decades later, I realize money literacy matters more than the size of your salary. A single hour learning these principles could save you years of mistakes and regret.”
  9. @CambiShapero: I wish I had access to something like this when I was in my early 20s. Back then, I thought financial success was just about earning a paycheck and spending what I had left. I never understood concepts like compounding, budgeting with intention, or building assets. Decades later, I realize money literacy matters more than the size of your salary. A single hour learning these principles could save you years of mistakes and regret.”
  10. @ABELAINVESTS: Thank you
  11. @freedom-y8g: wow
  12. @JuanMedina-sk9vp: ☝🏻👍🏽💯🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼👌👆🏼🙌🏼🤝
  13. @MindOverMarket7-k9f: Great
  14. @WealthLessons-v3w: Thanks for the motivation❤
  15. @prakashrudra666: I am, successful career , I want to be financial successful (independent) professional.
  16. @jammasterTravio: Motivational. I must do better. My family deserves it. I pray that I can see beyond myself. God willing. This video is great!
  17. @NeuroFinanceHub-l6p: Great sesion. Thanks
  18. @FINANCELIFESWISDOM: https://youtu.be/9vWf-bQh_D0?si=41dAt6rCuxBXCv7z
  19. @NOTRAIDONE: The real freedom begins when your name no longer connects to the assets you control- when your liabilities can’t find you. That’s what The Silent Laws of Cash Power taught me. It’s not a book about finance. It’s a book about removal. Removing risk. Removing traceability. Removing the assumption that you need to be visible to be powerful. It’s like a manual for the shadows- and I’ve never moved the same since.
  20. @DevOrigamer: I used to think leverage meant debt or influence. Then someone sent me a link to The Silent Laws of Cash Power with no explanation. Halfway through the book I realized… I’ve been making money in public, while the real players do it in silence, inside the lines, but outside the spotlight. After that book, I started structuring differently. Not earning more- but controlling more. Huge difference.

- The ART of FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE: Kind: captions Language: en Wealth creation comes down to one word. Discipline. That's it. The ability to look at something and say, "I'm not going to buy that. I'm going to keep that money working for me." Not many people have that discipline. If you don't have the discipline to save $1,000, you don't have the discipline when you make a lot of money. You're going to spend it all. It's not really the $1,000 as much as what it represents. Whatever you earn, don't spend more than 2/3 of what you earn. Save one/ird because you will need that one/ird in times of difficulty. And also the one/3 that you save gives you what he calls optionality, flexibility. The most valuable financial skill that anybody can have is not needing to impress other people. If you don't need to impress other people, that is an asset on your balance sheet that is worth a billion dollars. Because so much of society as a whole and an individual is just geared towards how can I get other people's attention? How can I show off to other people? How can how can they like me more? I believe in life, one of our main goals is just to be happy. But the thing is, if you spend all of your money today on clothing, traveling, and luxury goods, you might be happy today, but you're not going to be happy in the future when you have to work until the day that you die because you can't afford to retire. And so if you want to learn to be happy in life, you need to learn how to find a balance between spending money today and enjoying life today while saving money for your future so that you can enjoy your future. >> We all want to have financial freedom. Of course, everybody wants to have financial freedom. But if you want to get to financial freedom, what do you have to have? You have to have financial discipline. You have to have the discipline to work hard. You have to have the discipline to save your money. You have to have the discipline to invest your money properly. You have to have the discipline not to buy stupid things that you don't even actually need. And if you can have that kind of financial discipline, you'll end up with financial freedom. It takes discipline to stick to your budget. It takes discipline to invest your extra cash in your index fund rather than blow it on designer clothes or a fancy holiday. It takes discipline to get up early or stay up late working on your side business to generate extra income that you can then invest. who takes discipline to pay off high interest debt rather than buying more things on critic just because you can. >> Let me tell you something powerful. Success is not an accident. It's not luck. It's not talent. It is a decision backed by two forces. Vision and discipline. Vision is where you're going. Discipline is what gets you there. You can dream of the mountain, but without discipline, you'll never take the first step. You can imagine the life you want, the wealth, the health, the impact. But if you can't control your time, your habits, your emotions, that vision will stay a fantasy. There was a Spanish distiller said, "The good life is expensive. There's another way to live that doesn't cost as much, but it isn't any good." I subscribe to that. And so what you got to do is you got to realize that every day is the day that you live and every day sort of compounds and every decision you make in that day will compound. Meaning that it will build on itself. And so if you make a right decision like save sometimes doesn't feel like the right thing to do, right? You know, sometimes buying something nice and make that makes you feel good feels feels much better. >> A little therapeutic, >> but you got to you got to really like >> I'm a victim. >> Pull it together. It's just just like working out. It's it's about discipline and it's about a long-term vision. understanding that you starting here that's point A there's going to be a point B point C and so forth why does discipline equal freedom because the more discipline you have in your life the more freedom you will end up with so if you lack the discipline to exercise and eat healthy you will end up being a slave to disease if you lack the discipline to work hard save your money you will end up a slave to finances. If you lack the discipline to manage your time correctly, you will end up with no free time. If you have self-discipline, if you have the discipline to save your money and work hard and invest your money properly, if you have the discipline to manage your time correctly and not waste a bunch of time. If you have the discipline to exercise and eat healthy, you will end up with freedom. Number one, you need to have a written plan, a budget. Jesus said, "Don't build a tower without first counting the cost, lest you get halfway up, and you're unable to finish." And all who see you begin to mock you and say, "This man began to build." No one would began to build and was unable to finish. No one accidentally wins at anything. And you're not the exception. Why is it that two people can sit side by side in the same office, start with the same paycheck, and yet a decade later, one is living with freedom while the other is suffocating under debt? Let me give you the truth you don't want to hear. It's not luck, it's not talent, and it's not the economy. The great divider isn't income, it's discipline. You can double your salary and still end up broke if your habits are sloppy. You can earn modest wages and quietly build wealth if your habits are wise. That's the contradiction most people never face. You think more money will solve your problems, but more money without discipline only multiplies chaos. Here's the reality. Your financial destiny isn't waiting for a raise. It's waiting for you to take control. And if you stay with me, I'll show you how. When I was young, I thought money was the answer. If I could just earn more, I believed all the pressure would disappear. But here's what life taught me. Income doesn't equal wealth. I met people making over $100,000 a year who were living paycheck to paycheck, stressed out and drowning in bills. >> You can't have a person worrying about money and and thinking about debt and always working at getting out of debt that's going to end up wealthy. They're not going to do it. If your goal is to get out of debt, you'll probably stay in debt forever because you attract what you think about. The harder you work, the better you get. The harder you work, the better you get. You know in our society there's a lot of controversy over why should I work so hard for my job. The fact of the matter is that less than 5% really succeed. That's less than 5% of the population really succeed at life. Of 100 people working today only one will be wealthy when they retire. Four will be financially independent. 15 will have some savings. 80% will be broke and dependent upon charities and pensions. Only one or two% of people in each generation really makes it in life. And in every single study, those people who make it are those who work hard, hard, hard. And if you think that it's hard to be successful, try being a failure. Try coming to the end of the trail with no money, dependent upon pensions. And you don't know what hard is until you try living like that. Saving money for later in life. This is something a lot of people struggle with. A lot of people have a hard time investing money or saving money for later in life simply because as human beings we vary in the extent to which we worry about what's going to happen later. There's also a phenomenon of so-called delayed discounting. Delayed discounting is the fact that goals become less rewarding when they exist further out in the future. I had $1,000 in my bank and I went out and I bought a $1,000 watch. I was like 18 years old, right? It was like I was in that industry, the entertainment industry. I wanted to look cool. And then, you know, I start to read these money books and my mindset starts to shift. And now all of a sudden, it's the like I went from one polar extreme to the other polar extreme. I don't want to spend a penny >> on anything. >> On anything unless it's making me money. >> Exactly. I don't want to spend anything unless it's making me money. So now I'm saving as much money as I can. I'm investing my money as much as I can. I'm trying to build my business. And and I mean I'm talking like I'm running my shoes into the ground. They have holes in them. I put a piece of tape, wrap it up. I'm going to school. I got rental properties, but I got my shoes that are taped up, right? And and it's like I I I realize I'm going to go like I'm not going to make those same mistakes again. >> Discipline turns dreams into plans. Plans into action and actions into results. Think of it like this. Vision is the blueprint. Discipline is the hammer and nails. One without the other is worthless. Every successful person you admire, they had a clear vision. But more importantly, they had the gut to show up when they didn't feel like it. To say no to distractions, to stay focused when no one was watching. They built a bridge brick by brick, day by day, while others waited for the perfect moment. You want success? Then don't wait. Get a vision so clear it burns in your soul. Then back it up with ruthless daily discipline, even when it's hard. especially when it's hard because that is the bridge to the life you were meant to live. >> A lot of what's probably giving you stress in life is that you don't have control over what you're doing. And if you view every dollar of savings that you have as a bit of your future that you own and control, then I think that mind shift, that mindset can shift pretty dramatically. And it's like that's that's the ticket out. The ticket out is not a nicer car. It's not a bigger house. It's not better clothes. The ticket out is independence. That's what's going to give you the better career. It's what's going to make you happier. It's what's going to make you healthier. And the only thing that's going to give you independence is having enough money saved up so that you can choose where you want to live, maybe even what job you want. You can choose at at at some point down the road when you retire, if you get sick, it's not just going to break you immediately. Having that independence is going to take more weight off your shoulders than anything else you can do in life. >> Save money. >> That's it. >> Discipline is the highest form of selfrespect. It's the decision to stop being dragged by your impulses and instead become the architect of your actions. And you don't need a perfect system. You don't need a 5-year plan. You just need one day today where you do not flinch. You do not bend. You do not give in to the voice that says maybe later. Today, you say no to the old patterns. >> Like the most underrated thing is budgeting. Okay? I don't care if you're only making $2,000 a month or you're making $100,000 a month. If you don't know how to budget your money and you don't know where your money is going, like you're already going to fail at that point. >> Never finance anything that isn't going to pay you. Okay? So, >> give me an example. >> Gucci, your vacations, your car. Stop financing these things that aren't paying you. And people are going to get upset when I say your car because they're going to say, "Wait, >> how am I supposed to buy a car without a car payment? >> Don't buy a $100,000 car unless you got the money in the bank to buy it plus more. Buy a used car >> for six grand." >> Exactly. >> You got to get out of debt. Your most powerful wealthb buildinging tool is your income. And when you spend your whole freaking life giving your money to banks who fill up the skyline and have furniture nicer than yours, that makes you stupid. Get out of debt. When you don't have any payments, you know what? You've got money. >> Debt is a leading cause of financial stress. It's impacts decision making. All these things. And a lot of people look at their credit card debt and they bury their heads in the sand because they think this is something I can never get myself around. >> Once you start, something shifts inside of you. You no longer see yourself as just a worker. You see yourself as a builder. You stop living only for today and start building for tomorrow. Every deposit, no matter how small, is a brick in the house of your financial independence. Now, let me add something deeper. Discipline doesn't just protect your wallet. It shapes your character. Every time you choose to save instead of spend, you're not only building wealth, you're building identity. You're becoming the kind of person who can be trusted with more. The universe has a strange way of rewarding those who prove faithful with little by entrusting them with more. But if you squander the little, why would you ever be given much? Think of the farmer. He doesn't need every seed he has because he knows seeds are not just food. They are tomorrow's harvest. He takes a portion, plants it, waters it, protects it. Months later, the harvest multiplies. Discipline works the same way. You take a portion of today's income and plant it. If you're just grinding through the pain without knowing why, that's not discipline. That's suffering. And most people quit not because it was hard, but because they had no reason to keep going. This is what real discipline is. Discipline isn't about pursuing harder. It's about building something that lasts. Use it, man. Use it. Use it to build your 10.0 self. So, if you sincerely want to beat the odds to achieve financial independence and retire wealthy, there are four critical steps that you must take, all starting with the letter D. The first step is desire. You must want it badly enough to make an unshakable commitment and to be willing to make sacrifices of all kinds. The more intense your desire, the more likely it is you will overcome all the obstacles between you and your financial goals. The second D in this formula is decision. You must make a decision right now to do whatever is necessary and be willing to pay any price, go any distance within law to achieve your goal. This decision is the turning point in your life. The third D for mastery is determination, which is to keep at it until you succeed in spite of all the problems and obstacles you will experience. And the fourth D is discipline. It's the discipline to master yourself to develop the habits necessary for achieving financial independence. My ultimate happiness comes from being at peace. The freedom from wanting something. Because I learned that when I finally buy the thing I want, I feel good. Not because now I have the thing, but because I no longer have to carry the burden of wanting it. The happiness doesn't come from owning the thing. It comes from the ability to. It comes from not needing it. Next time you buy something, just think about how it makes you feel right after. Now, a trick I learned that helps me avoid buying things is to save enough money for that thing. And then when I finally have enough money to buy it, I say to myself, I could buy that and then I don't. And it's that ability to say that I can allows me to feel the accomplishment without needing to actually own it. And it gets me over the need of actually buying it. carve out a few hours to think, which means turn off the phone, you're not texting, you're not looking at Instagram and so forth, and think and write down your assessment of what you did last week and then what you need to do next week to address the things you forgot to do last week. I know that that sounds kind of obvious, but it's a good trick because it forces you to take charge of your next week. Like, oh, I forgot that I have a sales problem over there. or I forgot I was supposed to call this person. Oh, I didn't have this proposal and I had this idea, but I didn't get to it. >> Don't buy all that crap you don't need. I think about all the crap I bought that I never used. I mean, it's amazing. All the shoes, all the pants, all the shirts that I never wore after the first time I bought them. What a waste of money. I could have had that money making 7 or 8% a year in perpetuity. You pray for change but serve the same habits. You wish for freedom but refuse the discipline that buys it. You can't have both. You must choose. It will hurt. It will be uncomfortable. And that's exactly the point. Discipline is not about feeling good. It's about doing what is right, especially when you don't feel like it. It's the cold steel silence of progress. No applause, no dopamine, just raw movement. That's where your future is built. Not in motivation, but in mastery, not in emotion, but in execution. >> Discipline has to have an element of pleasure. Consistently doing your work has to have rewards. Reward is the key word here, right? So if you never feel direct pleasurable sensation from what discipline is giving you, then it's never going to work. So resilience and flexibility and optionality I think should be built in the way we think about financial security. Cost of living varies from person to person. It depends on what you consume, what you spend your money on. That's why I come back again to this principle of frugality. Depend on what is essential especially in difficult times. Try to save. You know, saving for a rainy day, such as when cost of living goes up, it's very important. It's about resilience. >> So, the next time you're tempted by something you don't need, stop and ask yourself, is this feeding my future or just my feelings? Because every purchase is a trade. You're either buying today's thrill or tomorrow's freedom, which matters more. Remember, this wealth doesn't shout at whispers. It's built quietly, consistently, patiently. Small acts of discipline done over and over again. You won't see the results overnight, but give it time and you'll look back amazed at how far you've come. Discipline, my friend, is not punishment. It's the highest form of It's telling your money, "I'm in charge. I will decide where you go. I will give you purpose." And that simple shift is what separates the dreamers from the achievers. When people tell me they are bad with money, I remind them of a truth they've forgotten. No one is born disciplined >> in the house of the wiser stars stores of choice food and oil. But a foolish man delivers all devours all that he has. If you spend everything you make, you're a fool. Wealthy people have that discipline. You meet them later in life, you realize when they were young and had nothing. Even the ones that were employees their whole lives that are now financially free had the discipline to say no. There's so much stuff you don't need. And you should never buy a watch unless you can afford to ever go on debt for a watch. Cuz people hear this stuff say I'm going to buy watches like with red bands. No, you're not. I start every day with a feeling of gratitude for being alive in this period and having the resources and the friends and the the world that is around me. And my advice to people is if you don't wake up feeling gratitude about that, then you need to change something because a life lived based on gratitude is a good way to start. And now you got the money to be rich. You got to act like rich people. And that's not go spend a bunch of money, Cuz rich people don't go spend a bunch of money. I'm going to go buy a Ferrari. I'm acting like rich people. No, you're acting like a That's not Ferraris aren't rich people. That's the ultra rich. The race to riches isn't won by speed, but by silence. While others chase, you calculate. Money flows not to the loudest, but to the one who changed the game. Genius isn't born. It's forged in the frontier of discipline. Let them sprint in circles. You move when the world isn't watching and strike when it's too late to stop you. >> The reality is if you have to go, I don't care how rich you are. I don't care whether you're like a top Wall Street banker. If somebody can tell you when to be at work and what to wear and how to behave, you're not a free person. You're not actually rich. So, we're in this model now where we think it's all about employment and jobs. And intrinsic in that is that I have to work for somebody else. But the information age is breaking that down. that dreams mean nothing without action. That passion without discipline is poison. You want the world to move for you, you must first prove to yourself that you are worthy of its movement. That proof comes through motion day after day, choice after choice, step after step. You can pray for a new life. You can speak affirmations every morning. You can journal your goals and visualize your future. But none of it matters if you refuse to act.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cbrick61933 [5 likes]: Stay single helps
  2. @LetrellLove2 [4 likes]: 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 Truly a blessing for this video to end up on my timeline. God wants good for me and you all too. 🩷💪🏽
  3. @aaronwhite3298 [2 likes]: Wealth creation comes down to one word...robbery😅.
  4. @toddtoure7041 [1 likes]: GRATEFUL 🙏
  5. @ally_sonsrrno878 [1 likes]: Love this ❤ needed to hear this
  6. @alwaystamcam8849 [1 likes]: Had my Meta glasses, on the all of the sudden this video started playing. Talking about the universe giving you orders...😮❤😊
  7. @jrb1737 [1 likes]: ❤
  8. @FitDudeCo [1 likes]: changed my mindset and even started my own channel to share positivity and motivation with others. 🙌🔥
  9. @AbdoulAzizOUEDRAOUGO [1 likes]: Facts truth word .I don't need no validation 😮😂.Oh my goodness
  10. @nickytolate: I'm here at work thinking Abt this shi frl and when u think about I'm not tryna be old dude and still working to stay alive I fein to be rich in my 20s before it's to late
  11. @HenryKevin-ex1ln: Interesting ❤🎉
  12. @onmywayup94: 6:10 lol what this clip doesnt belong here
  13. @youarethewayofficial: Needed this
  14. @america2023-p6w: keep up the good work man. thanks a lot.
  15. @noverskosher1297: Straight up needed to hear this
  16. @kinglionsdivinemathematics777: I really appreciate these videos. Thanks
  17. @ryanalanmelchione9790: Please don’t AI version of Jim Rohn. Only out real voices. Thank you.
  18. @corendaferguson6421: I wish more people knew how much control they have over their financial future. That’s why I share free resources through Breadwinner Financials — so nobody feels stuck.
  19. @winningculture: %.  
Za 
L.  
A 
   🙃🥳    
  
 
    
 

 





1






Z
,
 




,
*






<
Za




,






Q














@







😊
  20. @audiostories-f2laudio: :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:🤫🤫🤫coool

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- ALL Hook Types Creators Use To Go VIRAL: Kind: captions Language: en So the first type is listical based hooks, right? So they are the simplest, they are the most popular and you you see them everywhere in articles, in videos. People are like here are three ways to do this. This video is kind of listical, right? Five mistakes you're making, three things nobody tell you about this. These are listical because they're they're sharing a list and it does couple of things. First, it lets the viewer know the pacing of the video. They know that there will be a hook, there will be one thing, second thing, and third thing. however long the list is. So basically it keeps the viewer watching because they want to know all the things. If of course the topic you're talking about is interesting enough. So for example here we have 20 u hooks in this video right you might be watching to one to seven right and you might be okay this is getting boring you won't watch it anymore but people who are interested in hooks and want to succeed will watch all the way through because they want to learn about each and every hook and they know that there are 20. So when I'm when I'll be on like 17th one, people will be like, "Okay, three more. Good to go." Right? So those are listical hooks. Second, we have how to these are simple as well. Super simple, right? They are tutorial style hooks and they also let the viewer know the structure of the video. They know that it's going to be a tutorial or step by step, something like that that will show you how to achieve something. So how to uh right do something in a time frame. So, for example, how to get 10,000 followers in a month, right? How to basically reach a desire or solve a pain point often in a tangible time frame, right? Tangible result, intangible time frame. The more specific you are, the better because if I I'll tell you here's how to go how to go viral someday. Well, no one cares about that. All I care about is how to get 1 million views this week, right? not how to blow up maybe tomorrow, I don't know, or this month, this week, right? Doesn't matter. So, the fastest way, right? This is instructional type of hooks. They let the viewer know that there's going to be a tutorial. So, they work very well for product walkthroughs, all of that stuff. Or from, for example, how to go from current state to desired state. So, you see this a lot in video thumbnails where some uh where people have like a split screen thumbnail, right? So, and this is just an example. I'm talking about Tik Tok hooks still, but usually you see Mr. Beast one versus, I don't know, $1 million car. And you see the transition of going from current state to the desired state in the thumbnail itself. So, the hook, your text hook and your voice hook, what you'll be reading and saying should show that as well. How to go from being broke to never worrying about money ever again, right? things like that. So, desired driven hooks, right? So, this is the desire, the thing that your targeted audience wants to achieve. Is it lose weight? Perhaps instead of losing weight, you should say look fittest, fittest out of your whole friend group, right? Because it's losing weight, everyone says that. Doesn't matter. That's not engaging enough. You want the hook to entice emotion, to evoke emotion. And if I say people, most people don't care about losing weight, right? What they care is the second order consequences. That is being respected by their peers. Uh feeling healthier, all of that stuff. Losing weight. Yeah. I mean, that's what I Google. But my goal is not to lose weight. I want to look shredded, right? I want to get respect from my friends. I want to look better than them. All of that stuff. So desire, right? What does your ICP want? If you want to look snatched, watch this. This is how you finally get the desired result, right? And these mix and match, right? Your hooks usually have couple of these aspects. And you'll notice that uh once we go further into the video, you'll see different types of hooks and you'll see that they kind of repeat and and all of them follow. Not all of them, but these kind of types, they mix and match, right? desire plus to uh video style. So, how to plus reach a desire, how to solve a painoint. Sorry, I didn't mean to flip you off. But all of that stuff, right? These types, they mix and match and the more of them you add, the higher the emotion you emotion you invoke from the viewer and the more they'll want to stick and watch, right? Want desired result? Start here. If dream outcome sounds good, keep watching. If like uh never worrying about money ever again sounds good to you, if retiring early sounds good to you, keep watching. Uh if having a 10% uh uh return on investment sounds good, keep watching. Want I don't know uh what do people want nowadays? Want to drive an Mercedes? Start here, right? I don't know. First you need to work hard, right? Okay. Going on painoint hooks. So this is like the opposite of the desire. You know pe people are often they don't they don't care as much about achieving something as much as losing something. So painoint, right? So I mean calling out someone on that as well, like spending hours on creating content. Well, here's the fix, right? I don't want that. Sometimes me getting rid of something is more valuable than getting something the desire, right? So negative hooks, they work very well, right? So hate uh I don't know, hate managing content anduling content and posting content, try this instead. Uh maybe auling tool. Tired of writing tweets yourself? Here's the solution. another tool, right? Pay uh I don't know, killing your goal. Uh fast food is killing your uh workout results. Here's how to stop craving them. Right? You see all of this stuff. You mention a painoint basically something that your viewer struggles with. You mention that. Boom. They're like there, okay, of course I want to solve it. Right? Something they're addicted to, right? All of that stuff. Curiosity gaps. Well, this is basically what it says. the curiosity uh you you you raise question marks in the viewer's mind so they cannot scroll right they're like oh so what is it I need to know I need to know right like nobody talks about this or this new AI tool will blow your mind right and you're like well I mean I can't scroll maybe I'm not that interested in AI tools but I mean maybe it's the good one maybe it's a good one right it entices FOMO which we'll talk about in a bit as well and you're like I want to see it this is the secret behind losing weight this is the secret behind looking shredded 24/7 365, right? Uh this the secret. I want to know the secret. I want to know the secret. Let me know, please. The weird trick that actually works for real estate owners to sell more than anyone else, right? What's the weird trick? I want to know. I want to know. I mean, why you're gatekeeping from me? Right? You see the curiosity gap you create? You you don't I mean you let the viewer know that there's like something that they something they don't know and they will find out the payoff. They will get the payoff of finding out what that is by watching the video till the end, which is what you want, right? Shock surprise hooks, right? Whoops, my bad. Shock surprise hooks. So, literally super as that, right? I was doing X completely wrong, right? I was doing content marketing completely wrong until and people will watch because they maybe think, okay, maybe I'm I'm doing it wrong as well. Yikes. You know, I can't believe this even is even possible, right? Shock, surprise. Look, I don't do I need to explain these ones. This just changed the way I think about uh rocket ships, whatever science black holes. Uh the truth about LED lamps will surprise you, right? Maybe they they are not as efficient as you may think. So all of those shocks, surprise hooks, something that's different ba basically going against the flow, right? I was doing I don't know bench press completely wrong of I will watch that bench press you're doing completely wrong. I I will watch that cuz I mean that's shocking like how can you be doing bench press wrong? It's simple movement. Maybe I am doing it wrong. You you you get what I'm saying? Fear of missing out. So we talked about it right just previously. Fear of missing out. people. That's why people have social media. They don't want to delete the apps because they think, "Okay, I will something nice. I will miss what my friends are doing this e weekend. The 200 stories of my friend in a in a concert, right? They people don't want to miss out. They fear of missing out. So, you can play with that and use it to your advantage by saying you're missing out if you're not doing this. You're missing out if you're not using this app. You're missing out if you're not using this hack. You're missing out if you don't have a dog like mine. I don't know if you can see him, but everyone is talking about this. Here's why. Like, everyone is using Taj PT and here's why. Everyone is doing this with Chip PT and you should be too if you want to I don't know, right? Like everyone is doing that. People will want to do that as well, right? It's like the herd. People follow the herd. Don't wait until it's too late to I don't know stock invest investments. I'm not giving financial advice. Don't worry about that. This is an example of a hook. Calm down. Right? But like don't wait until it's too late. People don't want to miss out. Right? Investing something maybe. Maybe maybe right using new trends on Tik Tok. All right? Using new app GPT5 came out using that Google V3. No one wants to miss out. Everyone wants to be first. So don't wait until you use this prompt for this AI. I will say saving more engagement to the video blow up. Boom. Right. This opportunity won't be around forever. You hear this a lot. Uh crypto coins, all of that, right? Oh, this is the like this is going to moon tomorrow, right? This is going to rapidly go up. Load load of voodoo, right? Okay. Going on together. Uh contra hot take. I would say this these more like controversial hooks, right? So you're going against going against what most people say or being on the edge being being a bit kind of unhinged, right? That's why they say hottake hooks. So like stop doing bench press, right? It's ruining your chest size, you know? That's like what you're telling me to stop doing bench press? That's what what grows, right? The the chest. And this kind of shock as well controversial being like making people I don't know saying the opposite of what's what most people say is what will have people watch the video and especially for example saying stop doing bench press it will have so many people commenting saying that no the bench press is good because it is right and that will boost engagement again why common advice is dead wrong right again why common thing that people believe you you say the opposite. I don't know again I don't I want to talk about investment again no no no financial advice but why investment is investing is wrong why S&P 500 is bad right you say this everyone will definitely start a conversation in the comments and they will watch and will see your point just to argue with you all of that you've been lied to about business right you don't need UGC farms you need vidrain quickly little plug of my product, but this is an example, right? Maybe you don't need to UGC farms and post bajillion videos every single day, every single month. Maybe instead you just need great quality content and you'll save money and I don't know, build an asset which is a good brand, right? The problem with I don't know creatine, protein, no, nobody wants to admit, right? Maybe I don't know, maybe there are no problems. Maybe this is a problem. But what often people do is say there's a problem with protein. Nobody wants to admit and and maybe that is the pricing. Maybe that is that it's not plant-based. Right? It doesn't have to be that you disagree with that thing entirely. Like the problem with UGC, nobody wants to admit, right? I might talk about it. I do UGC. So you may think, okay, so is he against UGC? No, I'm not against UGC, but there's a problem with UGC. It costs a ton. AI UGC looks awful and there's no way to scale for the creators, right? Everyone wants to replace the creators, use AI uh to save money, but that sucks the soul out of the content. Instead, what you should do, what we do with Vid Breeze and Vid Rain is let the creators be the best form of themselves and manage more clients by automating the branded stuff and still allowing them to leverage their skills and make a lot more content. Basically story start story story star story star story star story star story star story star story based hooks right so story story story based basically lets the viewer know that the video is kind of a story right I was there I will get there and the video will get the viewer will tell tell the viewer how you got from point A to point B which is basically point A without desire in a painoint and point B is where you get the desired result and solve the pain point right I was at my lowest point when I don't know two months ago I wasn't getting any views. Here's what happened when I tried this and that, right? This this experience. I tried UGC farms. I spent I created hundreds of accounts. I got 200 views on each video. Nothing worked. Right? I spent out thousands of dollars for UGC creators. The crazy story of how I went from 60 kgs to 80 kgs. Right? That's how I'm looking now. Right? The story maybe some turns there. Right? Here you are storytelling of course the story some hooks change the whole format of the video remember listical right how to they change the whole style of the video so you cannot just slap these hooks on any type of video you want right but if you say I was like if you use story based hook the video should be story based right because it should talk about what the viewer expects if you switch the video and say I was at my lowest point when this happened and then here are three tips to do this, people would just scroll your your uh retention will drop, right? No one likes that. Am I recording? I am. Okay, good. Uh data proof based hook. So, this is kind of like you show your uh proof that you did something, your accountability or you're you show that you're the authority, you did something basically proof that something works, right? So, this strategy got me these this many results in this time frame. So, this strategy got me 10 clients in a month. We tested hundreds of hooks. So, you're using data to prove that what you're talking about isn't bull crap. It's not pulled out of the bum bum, right? It's pro it's true. There's evidence to it, right? This one change boosted my I don't know click-through rate by 5%. Right? And then you show the proof and tell what how to implement it or you show the proof and sell the implementation. Right? withdrawing again, right? You can implement all of these hooks. Anyways, numbers don't lie. This and that works. Ads, whatever it is. We tested hundreds of different hooks. Here's what work, right? We tested hundreds. Here's what works. Real example. I have examples right here. You know, I should show the hook the videos with these hooks. Perhaps that would be even more data and proof based, but uh we're not about that. This is not that type of video. Uh anyways, you understand, right? You show data tangible results. Uh always be specific and tangible. Don't say go viral. Say we got this many views. Don't say I got some clients. Say how many clients you got, how much you closed in revenue, in profit, whatever it is. Challenge and their hooks, right? I bet you cannot do that in the time frame. Or you can say that that this happened with your friend. My friend bet I couldn't do this in the f time frame. Or uh 7-day challenge, right? I will be posting for 10 days every day. every single day or uh trying out side hustles on Tik Tok, right? These are basically challenges. You do something, you take kind of again storytelling. You take the viewer throughout your experience, what happened, you show them what work, what doesn't, and the payoff is basically the result. Uh can you do this without obstacle? I mean, this these examples are not great. Instead, listen to the ones I'm telling you. But yeah, understand, right? trying to I don't know build a business uh with zero dollars starting out without audience. These are challenge hooks, right? Super super simple question hooks, right? Question hooks. Questions. Simple as that. Do I need to explain anymore? No. Qu It's a question like ask the viewer something. What's stopping you from getting there and there? Have you tried this and that? Do you make this mistake when doing this? Did you know that you can create highly performing user generated content without actually filming anything yourself and without using artificial intelligence? That's the first hook about Vidrain, right? Vidin again. I'm plugging my stuff because I can. I'm giving you value. Don't blame me. Blame the game. I don't know. Sorry. Sorry. Potato potato. Comparison hooks, right? Old versus new. So, this is what we talk about in the hooks, right? Here you show how to get from one state to the other. But here you also show the differences between one state and the other. For example, how to go from 60 kgs to 80 kgs. Again, me flexing, why this is better than that, right? Why BM BMV is better than Audi. Uh, forget, I don't know, Apollo.io, use leads forge for lead generation instead. The difference between GPT, Chad GPT, and Claude for coding is huge. and you talk about it, right? So, comparison, basically using two or more things to basically uh well talk about them, right? Uh let me just write down uh right here. Don't mind me. I'll talk about it later. Only four. So, excl exclusivity hooks. Hooks. These are basically you calling out your targeted audience. So, usually these are simple. You've seen them a thousand of times. For example, if you're a SAS owner, you need to see this, right? So, these are boring. These are old type hooks. But again, if you pair them with all the other ones like authority, uh, curiosity gap. If you mix and match of these hooks, this is what you should be doing. They will be super engaging. Yes, this sounds boring. If you're a, I don't know, footballer, you need to see this. I know I will not see this. Hundred other people say the same thing, right? But this is a type of hook that you need to mix and match. So for example, this is only for people who do this and that. This is only for Alex or Mozi is a video I did previously on this channel if you want to watch it. Like that video of course isn't just for Alex Heroszi. But when I like when I mention Alex Hermosi, it filters out my ICP because Alexi might be my ICP. So everyone is everyone who is like Alex Herozi will watch a video as well like okay this is for Alex Herozi. I think I'm Alex as well. I will watch the video. Right. Group niche, this will change everything. So like content creators, this will change everything. Right? I'm letting you use Vidrain to scale your content creation. Again, I'm finding ways to pitch my product, but sorry, it's an example. You don't have to use my product. Calm down. Not everyone will get this, but you will. Ah, not the best example, but again, these hooks kind of call out your targeted audience, so only your ICP watches. everyone else will scroll. I mean this is lazy way but again if you kind of mix and match with others it will be good pattern interrupt. These happen always with visual hooks. You see people putting the phone down talking talking like this doing this you know doing something. visual hooks. Usually patterns are best interrupted with visual hooks and audio, not text or not something you're saying. But uh you can also interrupt patterns by being I don't know by shouting at the start like being super emotional. Uh this is ways to say the hooks instead of real examples by breaking a pattern by being controversial. I mean u and stuff like that, right? Teaser cliffhanger hooks. So like uh something big is coming right you kind of hinting at something again this is in this entices FOMO right so like this one part will blow your mind what will blow my mind show me is it JP again releasing JPD 6 which is now instead of just combining the older parts it's now combining older parts and chipd 5 wow hooray again right uh stuff like that and before and after so transformation we talked about here um you kind of kind of similar thing to this right before and after from bad state to good state. So we had this but this was kind of for the listic not listical for the how-to style. So how to go from this from this and here it's kind of uh showcasing the transformation right what I looked like this day before this day. So maybe this you use this after doing the challenge right you have a challenge can I make a business at in seven days and then you say here's how um day one of building a business looked like versus day 30 right day one maybe I was thinking of the idea day 30 managing all these people I don't know doing cold outreach right this transformation was real right transformation what is it or maybe um people fixing cars right the polishing the detailing you see those videos like people send a video to the client say here's your car done and they say like oh this is not my car and then they zoom out right the transformation wow the car looks good or someone doing detailing say like oh I'm not looking for perfection and then you see the transition and it's like I am and the car goes from filthy to clean wow I would eat off uh watermelon off of it right it's so clean but basically it's transformation before and after right simple as well I mean if you don't understand any these. I don't judge you. Just comment below. I'll explain it to you more. Uh anyways, you're doing something wrong, right? Mistake. Again, like I said previously, sometimes people well a lot of the times people are more afraid to lose something or do something negative than gain something. Basically, people imagine this. Are you do you want to earn $100 more or are you afraid to lose $100 more? Right? Which one would I mean my explanation of this is terrible but basically people there there are more emotions tied to losing something than gaining something right? If you got $100, good, right? Uh if you lost $100, well, that's insane. That's insane, right? So, this is same thing. People are afraid to look stupid, to fail, to do something, to make a mistake. That's why you can call them out. You're doing something wrong. Here's the right way. Right? You're doing squats wrong. Here's the right way. You know, your knees or something. Don't go over your toes. The number one mistake I see with content creation, boom, with SAS content creation, with SAS user generated content creation, being more specific, being more specific, right? Don't do this when you are petting a dog, right? You pet the dog a lot. You like petting dogs, then don't do this. And you're thinking, okay, I don't want to do this. I don't want to do this mistake. The dog will bite me. People will look at me weird, right? It's a mistake type hook. Avoid this if you care about kitty cats, right? Avoid it. Don't I don't know, don't bur them, whatever it is, right? Mistake hooks, use them. Authority again. So, this is kind of showing proof like I talked about in here. Here you have data proof. So, you show that you show your authority that you have uh like a proof that this works. You have experience in this. Similarly, here you use data like we tested 100 H whatever. And here you show authority like I I worked with these clients kind of testimonial case study, right? After 10 years in content creation, here's my biggest lesson, right? I actually spent 10 years in content creation. So I started 10 years ago making gameplay videos. Of course, what you know, Alexoi taught me about content. What did he taught me? Alexi makes so many pieces of content every single month, every single day, right? What did he taught me about it? Right? He he knows what he's doing. He's the authority, right? You will trust him. And if I'm talking about him, you will trust me kind of because you know what I'm talking about is what he does, not me. So, result taught me more than any course ever could. So, right, working for 10 years for this person taught me more about real estate than it ever than any course could ever could. Here's what I would do differently if I started a business again. If I started drop shipping again. Like, you see this a lot, right? So you use you present yourself as an authority or showcase an authority so pe people would trust you and wouldn't think what you're talking about is just I don't know something you you pulled out of your bum bum or asked Jazzy PD about metaphor analogy right so your comparisons like creating content is like going to the gym you have to put the reps in if you want to see your viewer count grow again enough showing this uh sorry uh think of you know I don't No, think of filming videos like Spongebob making Krabby Patties, right? Each video will get better than the last. Maybe some Krabby Patties will fall out of the pan. Maybe some Krabby Patties miss the seasoning, but once you make enough Krabby Patties or content, I'm talking about content, you will master it and you'll do do it good. You'll do it efficiently and you'll get views, right? So again, analogy like you're comparing something to something, putting two things. So for example, you understand the Krabby Patties, right? Spongebob, everyone loves Spongebob. So if I explain content as if it's Spongebob Krabby Patties, you'll be like, "Oh, yeah, makes sense." That's why people say like explain like I'm five or explain like a monkey in banana terms, right? Investing. So if I take banana, if I give banana, I get more banana back, right? simplifying analogies, metaphors. If common thing and common thing had a baby, this would be this, right? Again, taking two popular things. This is four. This is two. Putting them together so people know what one thing is. So, for example, there's this new app that feels like Pinterest and they're that's how they actually promote it. Say they this is what if Pinterest and Chad GPT had a baby would look like, right? So, you know, okay. So, they will be search and I will get Pinterest inspiration stuff, right? What whatever it is. painoint is like quicksand the harder you fight the worse it gets I don't know um you get it right you you kind of compare stuff next to other now this is 20 hooks right there are a lot more you have kind of the way that you present the hooks so for example social hacking I I wrote right here I talked about it what Alex ori this is social hacking you mentioned something already popular there are a lot more hooks a lot more things to it that I can talk about so if you want to figure out like these types of hooks. If you want to learn about how to present them, I can make another video. Just let me know down in the comments below. If you want me to show other types of hooks apart from these 20, also let me know down in the comments below. Otherwise, check out some videos here. Peace. Have a good one. Bye.

- 6 chiêu trò này sẽ khiến hook của bạn viral | Free Prompt AI: Kind: captions Language: vi Sau khi phân tích rất nhiều video viral và cả những video gần như không ai xem, thì mình nhận ra một điều: thắng thua không nằm ở việc bạn nói gì mà nằm ở việc là "họ có chịu dừng lại xem bạn nói tiếp hay không?". Video này mình sẽ chỉ cho các bạn sáu kiểu hook mà hiện tại những video giữ chân người xem tốt nhất họ đang dùng. Và ở cuối video mình sẽ tặng cho bạn câu Prompt bắt AI phải lựa ra câu hook nào phù hợp nhất với video của các bạn. Giờ vào video Mọi người cứ nghĩ Hook là phải cho giật gân, cho thật là sốc. Nhưng mà thực tế Hook không phải là một câu nói cho hay. Hook chính xác là cái đầu tiên làm cho người ta nhìn thấy và cảm thấy được là "ủa cái này khác gì so với cái mà mình đang nghĩ". Tức là trong đầu người xem lúc nào cũng có sẵn một suy nghĩ rồi. Nhiệm vụ của Hook là tạo ra một khoảng chênh lệch nhẹ giữa cái suy nghĩ đó và thứ mà bạn sắp nói. Ví dụ nha, bạn đang nghĩ A và mình nói B, thì bạn sẽ phải dừng lại. Giống như khi bạn đang tin bán hàng là phải nói cho hay nhưng mà thật ra là bán hàng phải nói cho trúng. Thì lúc đó tự nhiên người ta sẽ muốn dừng lại, muốn coi thử xem là "ủa là cuối cùng là sai chỗ nào?". Đó, thì đại loại hiểu nhanh hook là như vậy. Nó không cần phải là những câu từ quá hay nhưng mà nó cần phải khác biệt tạo nên điểm khoảng trống cho người xem. Và đây là điểm quan trọng nhất, rất nhiều người rớt ở ngay khúc này. Người xem không có nghe bạn nói trước đâu, mà họ sẽ nhìn trước sau đó là mới nghe. Thử nhớ lại bạn có từng lướt Tiktok mà chưa kịp nghe người ta nói gì, bạn đã chọn lướt qua hay chưa? Chắc chắn là có rồi. Cho nên là hook không bắt đầu từ những câu bạn nói, mà bắt đầu từ thứ mà người ta nhìn thấy ở giây đầu tiên. Nếu như hình ảnh đầu video không đủ rõ để họ hiểu bạn đang nói về gì thì họ sẽ không chờ đến lúc để cho bạn giải thích. Khi mà mình phân tích những video viral thì mình mới nhận ra là tất cả những hook này không phải là ngẫu nhiên. Có thể là chủ đề khác nhau, người nói khác nhau, nhưng mà cách để họ thu hút và giữ chân người xem thì lại rất giống nhau. Thì mình có thể tạm gọi đó là những công thức mà người ta đang dùng. Có video giữ người xem bằng cách nói về tương lai làm người ta sợ bỏ lỡ. Có những video giữ cho người xem bằng cách cho họ thấy trước và sau khác nhau rõ ràng như thế nào. Và nhiều dạng khác. Nếu bạn nhìn kỹ thì bạn sẽ thấy những video đó lặp đi lặp lại những kiểu giữ chân người xem giống nhau chứ không phải là nghĩ bừa. Và dưới đây là sáu kiểu hook mà mình thấy đang được dùng nhiều nhất. Mình nói trước bạn không cần phải nhớ hết sáu câu hút này đâu. Mỗi video á thì chúng ta sẽ cần một đến hai câu hook là được rồi. Với kiểu thứ nhất thì đó là dạng "hook nói về tương lai". Kiểu này sẽ làm người xem cảm thấy là nếu bỏ qua video này thì có khi mình sẽ bị thua thiệt. Ví dụ "đây là cách rất nhiều shop đang bán hàng bây giờ sang năm là lỗ nặng". Kiểu thứ hai là "hook trước - sau". Dễ thấy nhất là các video dạy nấu ăn người ta sẽ trình bày thành phẩm lên trước để bạn thèm và cũng là để tạo kỳ vọng cho người xem. Kiểu thứ ba là "hook sửa lỗi", chỉ ra cái người xem đang làm sai và ám chỉ có cách đúng hơn. Ví dụ "rất nhiều người tập gym mà bụng không xuống là vì sai đúng một điểm này". Kiểu thứ tư là "hook bằng hình ảnh". Nếu như nãy giờ mình nói với các bạn là hook bằng âm thanh, hook bằng lời nói thì còn một dạng hook khác được gọi là visual hook, tức là hook bằng hình ảnh, hook bằng video mở đầu. Ví dụ mở đầu video là hình ảnh bạn đổ nước vào hai cái áo. Một bên là áo ướt và một bên là không bị ướt. Hay từng có thời gian mọi người làm rất nhiều visual hook để bán khăn á, là nhúng khăn vô bình nước để cho thấy khả năng hút nước của cái khăn đó. Kiểu thứ năm là "hook bật mí". Nói về một thứ mà ít người biết. Ví dụ như là "rất ít người biết trên bao bì có một dòng này quan trọng hơn cả giá tiền". Và kiểu hook thứ sáu là "đi ngược số đông" Nói điều ngược lại với niềm tin chung. Ví dụ "mua đồ rẻ chưa chắc tiết kiệm, nhiều khi còn tốn kém hơn". Đến đây thì có thể là bạn đang nghĩ "ok mình biết hết sáu kiểu hook, rồi nhưng mà không lẽ mỗi lần làm video là mình phải dò lại sáu kiểu hook này. Hook nào mới phù hợp với video của mình?". Thì mình cũng từng như vậy cho nên là mình rất là lười. Nhưng mà thay vì dò lại sáu hook này thì mình sẽ để AI xử lý. Đó là lý do mình phải đóng gói toàn bộ tư duy này thành một Prompt AI. Buộc AI phải suy nghĩ đúng thứ tự. Người xem đang nghĩ gì, chọn hook kiểu nào, visual có đủ mạnh hay không rồi mới được viết hook. Khi mà mình đưa một ý tưởng video vào thì prompt này không viết hook ngay. Nó sẽ phân tích tâm lý người xem trước khi xem video. Xác định rào cản khiến cho người xem lướt qua video của mình, và từ đó nó mới chọn đúng kiểu hook có khả năng tạo tương phản mạnh nhất. Đồng thời AI cũng sẽ kiểm tra xem Visual có đủ rõ hay không, rồi cuối cùng mới đề xuất hook cụ thể cho video của mình. Nếu như visual yếu thì nó sẽ cảnh báo và yêu cầu đổi hướng. Đây cũng là điểm khác biệt lớn nhất so với hầu hết các prompt viết hook thông thường. Tất cả những gì bạn cần làm đơn giản chỉ là dò đến phần có nhiều dấu check này và điền thông tin tương ứng. Mình đã có để ví dụ sẵn ở đây. Copy nó và mang qua AI. Nếu bạn muốn xem chi tiết prompt mình đang dùng thì mình để link ở phần mô tả bên dưới nha.

  Top Comments:
  1. @L0ngthienGenZ [1 likes]: Tuần trước không thấy chị lên video
  2. @llagame951: Công phu tu tập.❤
  3. @L0ngthienGenZ: Em sớm nè chị

- Funny Viral Hooks And How to Find Then | Transitional Hooks | Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Yep, that's me. You're probably wondering how I ended up in this situation. >> Most creators use viral hooks or transitional hooks to help their video go viral. This has been proven to work and it's still working until date. Viral hooks are actually inserted at the first 5 seconds of every video. It can be a long form video or a short form video, but preferably a short form video. And if you're wondering how to find viral hooks for your video, come with me. Let me show you how you can get interesting viral hooks for that next viral video. So for you to get interesting and funny viral hooks, you can go up to this website which is transitionalhooks.com. Once you get to transitionalhooks.com, it launches you up to this interface. On this interface, you can see various types of transitional or viral hooks where you can download easily and insert it at the first 5 seconds of your video. Try this viral hook trick out on your next video and let me know how it perform. See you on my next video.

- [SUSANNA LOGIC] Technical Review: Crochet Hooks as Precision Tools by Auto Parts Expert: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone i'm susanna welcome back to my channel today is tuesday bits and tips and talking about expensive and cheap crochet fixed technical level of tools through formal automotive experience so today i would like to talk about why colossal folks are expensive or blessings why closet those closet books are inexpensive so them and also the next step is which do the worst best people use and then what's the conclusion and also i would like to mention about the points to keep in mind when purchasing so let's get started and here is there uh some crochet fix that i have the centers one center ones are inexpensive and the ends of the uh expensive or in the world leading manufacturers want so let's talk about them okay so stick on me okay sorry for missing on my table okay so let's let me talk about why closely tricks are expensive or why crochet are inexpensive there are so obvious reasons so let me explain that there let me talk about the high quality crucifix and a low quality fluorescent fix i don't mention that low quality is bad or high quality quality is good it doesn't matter just let me explain the quality is i think this is very high quality because the shape is very smooth and finished is very smooth everything is detailed compared to this it's very obvious look at the tip this is like a you know it's barely round oval shape this is uh a kind of oval but it's not beautiful as beautiful as the left one the most or the point of high quality is finish so look at side shape which one is beautiful it's very clear the light one is oh it's so you know love in the in one word it's very rough and also look at the paint which color is beautiful it's it's kind of you know or prevalent so someone prefer you know lighter color but please look at the finish so which which one is easy to peel off i think light one is easy to peel off the left one is uh it's long lasting painting i i think it's because when i touch and when the touch this is much much smoother than the light one you see and also the material this silicone is quite nice but it's so sticky after after five years here is so sticky but this is not sticky at all it smells still smooth and this is easy to move so can you see this line this line is a original line but now still already put up okay now lens is the same right okay look at this this is now shorter you see so easy to move this case so this is the point why this is inexpensive and why this is expect quite expensive to keep this high quality look at the detail many work steps to completion smoothing they're you know all make nice case and tight fit so look at attention to detail pay attention to detail nice shape nice paint and nice quality so let me explain with global amulet this is global amulet every side has nice uniform uniform quality so every size has the same shape same material same you know texture just the difference in size and color same length of the top the length is the same after the case to the top head size is different sizes are different but shape is almost same and the coating is also same light so this is the something we have to consider why they are different than the others and this is uh durable so doable okay compared to the other size it's so soft you know easy to bend here is too thin compared to this this is very thin and here also easy to so in this size it's not so movable but the smaller size is easy to bend and compare to this this is the smallest size but so tough so that's the difference it's so doable also we can purchase individually by size if i lose if i lose size eight i can buy eight but this kind of uh inexpensive versions we have to buy per set not individually they are when we calculate by one by one that is not expressed at all but when we have to purchase a set it's it costs almost the same as these right sometimes higher than this so and also we don't need the other side just need one so it is not good or this is the reason why this they are sometimes expensive rather than inexpensive next is uh how to deteriorate this is easy to deteriorate this is susan base but this is not so expensive it's very nice close to the foot but look at the some points are missing so this is just one layer of calling and this is our also so compared to this this is uh this added a top coating so this is nice fit nicer finish than the susan bates or boy but maybe someone watched some crochet foot are already removed peeled off but paint are peeled off or some are banded so that is how easy to deteriorate but when you purchase the expensive crochet food it's hard to deteriorate because uh even they are not long-lasting or everlasting but quite hard to deteriorate that's the reason why they are a little bit more expensive than their you know mass product mass produced ducted are produced crucifix and also the plant name or blood name has after cells after sales service and brand value and also sometimes you may see extremely high plastic closure fix that is the price is relatively high due to the small production volume so we can buy the them easily at any time but some are always sold out sodas sold out and sometimes pop out and sold so quickly that is the small production volume and the the applies are quite high some and also some crochet effects are developed especially for professional certain crochet stitches look at this this is a hamanaka and this is how this has shoulder shaft quite short the reason why this chart is short is this is for beginners and this is for a nice crochet fix four single crochet half double crochet and double crochet and it's not good for or many puff stitches together or like a lift crochet and jasmine stitch like a jasmine stitch a tunisian closet when you crochet an eyelash closer and you need some tunisian closure techniques this crochet fig doesn't match to that stitch that's why this crochet fig is suitable for beginners and that's why this closure if you can keep them good tension and makes good gauge and i don't have all the examples but some closest fix are developed for handicapped people okay for example this is susan bates susan bates has inline this inline allows us to crochet you know slightly so if you have a handicap on your list or if you cannot move as smooth as before you can use this crochet foot and cross it like in a slight movement so move like this you can close it like make a double crochet in this movement or this one also this is this bamboo crochet hook is also in line they are not expensive but this is close uh this one suits or suit for handicapped on this people this is quite heavy so it's not good for the knife uh pen holding when you crochet that larger size fit the reason why because this uh this is developed for beginners hold like knife grip and there is a you can the the yarn will stop on the root of the crochet fixed shaft here because this is the case this also this is for pen pen pen holding style so that's why this is uh this has shoulder crossfit inside so here is nothing quite lightweight much much lighter than this crochet fit so this one fits to pen holding style this is nice really nice crochet fix because this is for beginners and look at that top this is the same manufacturer and the same size but the head size is different this crochet fig has smaller head and this closet has deeper hook here so easy to catch the yarn than this one so deep here even they are the same manufacturer but they change the shape to fit for in a certain target and this is quite a bigness to the professional everyone can use this very smoothly and very nice i call it this work beginners but you can use for ears and ears ears but please remember you cannot use like this because this has short shaft this has short shaft and here is holding space but you can still use to this point so you when you use longer shaft you need longer shaft you can use this one but this one cannot uh you know the good point has always to be the weak point and this is also the show or beginners because this is triangle shape the triangle shape is nice to hold like a pen and the shoulder shaft here very short so you the yarn doesn't move a lot so yeah always stop here so you can make nice stitch tight stitch so this is the uh topic of the um high quality closet fig and let me talk about something about cheap closure fix so the most point is oh these sets are you know cheap materials and a few are steps to complete and imperfect detailing and quality is not uniform but i would like to mention about that this is 10 and this is all eight here you know do you think this tip is the same shape no absolutely no then someone forgot to cut here here is to light this is not straight but the same and here is rounded tip top and here is the light top is they are the same manufacturer can you believe that no absolutely no that right so this is the point the quality is not uniform they are also come in one as one in one set so in many cases products are sold as a set only and cannot be purchased one so when you lose this size you cannot buy this alone you have to buy them at a time this one is double foot and closet fix and i would like to talk about size six and size five and size five here so then learn three size five here all size five and look at this shaft the shaft is here okay let me hold like this okay look at them they are same width or same diameter can you see that no absolutely no this is the largest and this is the smallest right even the same size they don't have same size diameter so that's their one and it costs five or six dollars or ten dollars to purchase per set and look at here it's so loud when you touch it you can feel how rough it is so um but the nice point you can use double foot and of course it tunisian crochet even the side is a lit a slightly different but four and five is almost same and the shaft shaft is almost same so you can use as a crosstalk thick of double end i forgot to knit and crochet thick of double end so that's why i bought this one to or try this method like this when you purchase the you know exact exactly one that developed for that situation it cost more because the i i'm like i mentioned because certain crock may have been developed especially for professional crocheting youth so this is a universal design so that's why i can purchase very very cheap but if you want same size both ends it will cost a lot because that is folder one two crochet tunisian closet with double hook end and this one is very very you know inexpensive one and barely also dog's design but the orthodox close effects are often suitable for most all kinds of patterns so you can use or uh in jasmine stitch or you know star stitches or many puff stitches together or sometimes a short short with a tunisian clothing fix but this cannot use like that right so this is the difference and usually they have many many options to enjoy the crochet patterns so that's why they are popular even they are not they are inexpensive this has 3.5 this kind of size is mostly or used as aluminum well well well i don't know where is it where is it okay like this so this size is used as the aluminum foot and lightweight and but i prefer a heavy weight of still that you know the hot texture of steel food that's why i bought this one and also i prefer bamboo holding this is almost almost the same shape as pen e so i think they copied penny with bamboo but they are quite nice because the bamboo is lightweight but as you can see the size is different position not uniform it's not uniformed but this is lightweight and different thickness but this is 0.5 and usually a pen e has different thickness here on the on the end or body right but this is according to the size because this is two that's why thinner than eight but uh this is not uniform because this is 0.5 and this is 2.25 so much much different but the thickness is different this is thicker than this one and look at the size oh oh my god this is the smallest but thicker than the much larger thick you see like that okay so this is the topic of the plus uh the releasing the lessons of the place okay after that let me talk about which do the boss best people use yeah actually i see them clover penny susan bates in line boy boy and tulip etimo and clover amulet a moo and then this is the no blood so and also this bamboo why why so different yeah that's the reason the which dude was the best people use they they use all almost all people who have been using old brands for decades like uh like a susan bates or [Music] or sometimes tulip steel fit tulip formula food they are mostly clafsmen they love one blonde and they use all the they use them decays and sometimes you may see who use high-end plants developed by the latest engineering like first or neat plo or some something and sometimes i guess they are provided by the manufacturer and then they have you know from they have to promote the food or something or maybe sometimes they love them because they are you know latest design in that case most in the most cases they are designers sometimes they use their original blends with bamboo or you may see this this bamboo slice the people who use original glass may use them to sell their own tools i guess or to uh to show to shows their you know identity and the food people those who use a very cheap crochet food also dogs must market to useful decays no blend and using them decays they are often class men or an enthusiast there are some you know that they tend to use their favorite tools for dks but i i understand that because when they change the crosshair foot the gauge will change and the stitch or stitch will change so does you know it it's uh its effect to their finishing and so that's why i think they use their you know the same closet decades and people who add glyphs on their you know or modify their equipment to make it easier to use something they clay on their grip earlier with really pretty design so it in that case some some are designers and artists they prefer that they love to be happy they love to be happy so they need to modify something to fit to suit themselves you know for the happiness or maybe it's better to use it's more easier to use or to make the food to fit their hands or something consider that there is not obviously used to choose the closure fixed so they have difference of by prices or you know manufacturers but the world's best people use anything to fit their hands so please try to find their something to fit your hands so in conclusion good people tended to use tools that are comfortable in their hands for decades regardless of the price even if the color peels off and second to use them for decades so if you want to use them decades please choose study tools and store them carefully like like in that case or like this in a case like this to keep them you know nice condition and cheap tools need to be used a lot to nurture for years until they are at their most useful i made a video to make this bamboo crocs very smooth because i i wanted to make the you know the best condition but to to do this on this week i need to cross it a lot so that you know some and some uh when out you know as more as i use the more i use the crochet fook becomes more smoothly tip twos need to be used a lot and neutral for years until they are at their most useful point and some people take good care of o2 that were given to them by relatives or first vote when they were children so some sometimes you may see the people who use or very old like a hundred years ago because it fixed like that in that case they are given from by relatives you may see they use gesture in the belly the cheapest crucifix series for decays in that case or maybe like a boy or something in the case of the their mothers bought for them for the as their when they a child children so they could they debuted with this food and they used them for decades so that's why because uh this is hard to destroy or harder to be blocking so we can use the case as keep as we when we keep them nice and correctly uh does that listen i i guess it's not the creation but it might not get easier but i guess that so the next point is the last point so when to this point you know why that price is different and the worst best people use what kind of crucial effects you know and also next is the points to keep in mind when purchasing okay so let me talk about the larger size when you purchase larger size this metal foot has some weight so i prefer bamboo or plastic compare this and this and this this is the heaviest and this is the lightest the bamboo is the most lightweight and also when you purchase please try to find a round head when larger size why because if it is so pointy it will black the yarn if this is heavy that if the closet larger size fit is heavy you'll get tired easily and if the tip is sharp it will block the twist of the yarn so try to find round head and lightweight so this is plastic and lightweight it's very nice shape and for the smaller size choose one with the a pointy and a nice finish on the inside so let me talk about this and this okay look at the head this is pointy so try to find a pointy top if round like this it is hard to insert and look at the side here is rounding it with it will affect smooth moving this is slight so when insert it's easy to slide to go on but this will stop here like that if the tip is loud it is difficult to get in into the stitch and next point inside if inside is jugged like this can you see this is jacked it's not smooth as like this if if the inside is shut it will catch on the yarn and damage it so this jackie when we pull it the yang will pew is it i know we'll black the nice yarn so try to find it smooth inside so that's why i polished inside so it's very smooth now but first it was really you know jaggy um inexpensive crushed fig that can be purchased one at a time and good to take with you when you go out or travel okay let me talk about this crochet figure this crosstalk is one dollar right now less than one dollar that is 100 yen in japan and we can buy in the individually in this kind of closure fixed value you know useful because when we go out or when we travel we can carry this and if i drop or if i lose it it's okay because we can buy again one by one but this cost six or seven dollars at a time and when we dropped it i need once again nearly ten dollars to buy every size at a time and when we drop one and we cannot buy one alone so we need this size we have to buy this set again so takes ten dollars again so that's why this kind of uh cheap closet if you can buy a loan it's really nice to have it when if you are if you often go out or you often travel so if you lose it the loss is small and you can bind it again that's why in exchange close effects that can be passes one at a time and good to take with you or when you go out or travel and next choose a maker with a short shaft if you are your stitches are loose or make a with a long shaft that glides well if your stitches are tied so i have two examples here this is a good examples and this is size eight and both are eight okay look at here the top shape is almost same similar it's almost same right but this has short shaft and this has no and when you touch it this one is much smoother so it glides well if your stitches are tight please try so smooth and glides well so your stitch will be more you know loose and if your stitch is too loose to cannot obtain the gauge please try harmonica this has very short shaft so if you close it show a single crochet tau double crochet double crochet only this is very nice crochet fit to obtain the gauge or tight stitch because this has short shaft and not so gliding not so glass well it's very nice smooth crochet movement and it's so short shaft so it will stop young will stop here so always stop here so you can keep the same tension and same gauge and there also so i mentioned that short shots are easier to use for single crochet and longer shots are easier to use for leaf crochet so that's why where is it where is my crochet right here this is two lip still closed figure i see many crochet eyelids crochet or leaf closure use this crochet fig this has long shaft and here is quite thick it's so durable and this is a smoothie so single crochet double crochet half double crochet is nice too oh it's this this is this fits two single crochet half double crochet and double crochet so havana is nice crochet thick to use it so try to find short shafts like this this is for i mentioned this is for beginners because this has also short shaft than this one this one has no shaft so it will glide well very well but bamboo will catch the yarn than the metal so the yarn will stop in at at many points so it doesn't move well inline foot is very nice because in life it's too late so move very well and easy to handle and also people with least angeles use choose an inline that can be pushed later so that i mentioned you can close it like this move like this so that's the point when you purchase the cross effect and this is also in line so if you are not sure how inline works please try this set or please buy a loan this you can buy this alone so please try in some site and in the size you want to try so the conclusion or i think some people pick closet fig according to the occasion excuse me or or people will pick their fook or buy the food according to their preference so please consider yourself which crochet food is suitable for yourself and try the try some i have many kinds of kosher food because i want to know why this food are made or why they use this so i wanted to know why they use this or this or this or this or this or this that's why i bought them and now i i'm almost uh have conclusion conclusion that uh and points to keep in mind and i have some you know other note that this topic today and this is down dollarable downloadable so if you are interested in uh please visit my online store and please or be my member and after that you can download this this uh topic by pdf file by own by fully totally so please if you are interested in please visit my store so describe in the description box below linked in the box below okay all right so thank you for watching till the end see you in my next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @vicentacastillo363 [1 likes]: 🧶❤️👍😍🥰👏👏👏😘

- The Top 5 Best Knot Tying Tool in 2025 - Must Watch Before Buying!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to top best picks. The best knot tying tool is probably one of the most useful gadgets for any angller from seasoned professionals to weekend warriors because it dramatically simplifies the process of creating strong, reliable knots, saving you valuable time on the water and eliminating the frustration of fumbling with tiny lines. This tool ensures consistent knot quality, leading to fewer breakages and lost catches, ultimately enhancing your overall fishing experience and increasing your chances of a successful day. I will show you how to use this tool and what to consider when choosing one. [Music] Number five, Hook E fishing knot tool. It's easy to hurt yourself on a fish hook. This tool protects you by covering the sharp barb while you tie your tackle. A great gift for any angller. It works with hooks from size 40 down to number 28. Use it for hooks, jig heads, swivels, and more. It even includes a line cutter. Whether you're a seasoned pro or just starting, this tool makes tying knots easier. It's perfect for anyone with dexterity issues. Two, keep your hooks covered and your gear safe during transport. Protect your car, boat, and family from accidental injuries. It's made from durable polyropylene and stainless steel, so it can handle any weather condition. Perfect for ice fishing or saltwater fishing. What we like? It protects your hands from sharp hooks while tying and it's suitable for various fishing tackle from small hooks to large ones. If you are a beginner angler or have dexterity issues, this tool simplifies not tying and makes fishing safer and more enjoyable for everyone. It's also great for safely transporting your fully rigged poles. What people say, it is a clever little gadget. I love this safe and effective knot tying tool. Also covers the hook as advertised and clips on for travel to prevent snags in the car or to the kids, pet, boat, etc. Comes in a pack of two so you can gift one to a friend or keep a spare in another box or on another pole like I do. Works great, awesome quality and does what it is meant for. Good price and would buy it again. Number four, fishing line not tire. Tired of struggling with fishing line knots? This handy tool makes tying knots quick and easy, saving you valuable fishing time. It's so simple, anyone can use it. Just follow the easy instructions and you'll be tying perfect knots in seconds. It ensures your knots are secure and reliable, giving you confidence in your fishing line. Made from one piece stainless steel, it's built to last. This is a tool you can depend on for years to come. It's crafted with pride right here in the USA. Using high-quality materials and manufacturing standards. We've included both written and video instructions to guide you through the process. You'll be tying knots like a pro in no time. Learn how to tie both the nail knot and the needle nail knot. With this tool, it simplifies these techniques for perfect results every time. What we like, it's incredibly easy and safe to use, and it's made from durable stainless steel. If you are looking for a simple, reliable knot tying tool that gets the job done quickly and efficiently, this is the one for you. Its straightforward design makes it perfect for anglers of all skill levels. Number three, Gerber Gear Line Driver. It's the ultimate fishing multi-tool designed for precision and efficiency. Get ready to streamline your fishing experience with its six incredible functions. This innovative vice securely holds your hooks, making bait changes and not tying a breeze. It's a gamecher for speed and precision. Easily cut your line with a sharp dual serrated scissors. Then use the integrated crimper for perfect split shot adjustments every time. It's incredibly compact at just 5 in long and weighs only 1.6 oz. Yet, it's built with a durable aluminum body to withstand the rigors of fishing. For over 85 years, Gerber has crafted high-quality blades and tools for adventurers everywhere. It's a legacy of quality and innovation you can trust. This multi-tool is more than just convenient. It's a testament to Gerber's commitment to quality and performance. Upgrade your fishing game today. What we like. This is a multi-tool that offers precision and compactness. If you value versatility and efficiency in a compact package, this tool is perfect for you. It streamlines line management and makes bait changes quick and easy. Ideal for anglers who appreciate quality and convenience. this fishing tool has several useful features all in one neat package, including scissors, split shot crimper, a hook threader, and an eyelet cleaner. The end with the eyelet cleaner also rotates, so you can use that end to hold your hook and spin it to help with not tying, such as tying a clinch no. This is the extra hand you sometimes need when tying a knot. The blades have stayed ultra sharp. The line tying function is the one thing I wouldn't think I would use. My mind was changed after using the hook vise and swivel head. Love that it has a belt clip and the jaws stay slightly open to manage your line handsfree. Using it to thread my hooks at night makes night fishing easy. I had three snags on a recent fishing trip. Reached down, picked up the tool, cut my line in a heartbeat. The hook vice is perfect. I'm using size 14 hooks. The eye cleaner works too, removing painted over jig heads. The vice spins so you can tie line fast, too. Number two, Sam's fishing tools kit. This tool makes tying fishing knots incredibly fast and easy. No more struggling with complex knots. It's simple and reliable, ensuring your line stays secure. Removing hooks from fish's mouths has never been easier. Its multi-unctional design makes quick work of even deeply embedded hooks, minimizing stress on the fish. This kit includes everything you need for efficient fishing. You get a nut tire, hook remover, and even a handy retractor all in one convenient package. It's built to last with high-quality stainless steel components. The durable construction ensures it can withstand the rigors of fishing trip after trip. The included retractor keeps your tools close at hand. Attach it to your vest and always know where your essential fishing gear is. This kit is ideal for fly fishing enthusiasts. It simplifies the process of tying small and intricate knots, making your fly fishing experience more enjoyable. What we like this four in one tool is a multi-unctional and handy kit for various fishing tasks. If you need a versatile tool that combines knot tying, hook removal, and loop tying, this is a great option. Its all-in-one design makes it perfect for fly fishing enthusiasts and those who prefer to have everything they need in one compact tool. the tools will take some learning, but they work better than just fat fingering the knots. Both of these tools are a great help. They're compact and can be fastened to your clothes for easy reach and easy hook tying. Number one, knot puller. This innovative tool makes tying fishing knots easier than ever. It's designed to protect your hands and create perfectly tight knots every time. Simply unscrew it, tie your knot, wrap the line around, and pull. It's that simple. It's made from lightweight, corrosion resistant aluminum alloy. This ensures it's durable and ready for any fishing trip. This knot puller is incredibly strong and long-lasting, a reliable tool for all your fishing needs. The non-slip design provides a comfortable and secure grip even when wet. Enjoy effortless knot tying. At just 7.1 in and 6 oz, it's small and lightweight, perfect for carrying in your tackle box. What we like, it's easy to use, made of high-quality materials, and is highly portable. If you're looking for a tool that makes tying strong and reliable knots effortless while also being easy to carry around, this knot puller is for you. Its lightweight and compact design makes it ideal for anglers on the go. well-made product takes the pain out of tightening fishing knots, especially braided lines. No more loose knots and cut hands. Heavy leaders, no problem. You can really pull down tight with this tool. Quality material and craftsmanship. Makes knot tying with braid easy to get the knots tight. You can find the Amazon purchase link in the description below. Hope this video can be helpful to you. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GamersGettingPlayed: Wow incredibly bad maybe a redo I'm sure you've picked up a few tips and I've learned a little bit since you did this video and you might get more people watching it

- STAHLWILLE 96722802 Hook Tool Set Review (2025): Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Mr. Worker. Today I want to introduce the stall wheel set of hook tools. This versatile collection includes four precision engineered tools, straight, 45°, 90°, and curved. Perfect for tackling a variety of tasks. Whether you are punching soft materials or assembling small parts like seals and O-rings, these tools are designed for precision and ease. And they come in a handy textile bag for effortless storage and transport. Elevate your tool kit with the stall wheel set of hook tools. Your go-to solution for every project. Mr. Worker. Work tools for professionals.

- Best Fishing Knot Tying Tool in 2025 - Must Watch Before Buying!: Kind: captions Language: en do you want to have the best fishing experience with your loved ones it is time to get the best tools for the trade one of the top rated tools that you need is the fishing knot tying tool tying professional knots can be a very intimidating process for any beginning angler which is why nut tying tools have become so popular in recent years these handy dandy tools make it easier to tie a wide variety of popular and common knots in no time at all even a beginner can tie knots just like a seasoned professional after hours of research and after taking experts advice we've listed the five best fishing knot tying tools to help you choose the one that suits you perfectly the links for the products mentioned in the videos are in the description below you can also find a more detailed analysis and a comparison tool on our website pickadvisor.com let's get right into our top picks [Applause] thank you number five TQ own app Quick not tying tool TQ ownep's not tying tool is a very good idea at an excellent buy for Anglers struggling with the dexterity needed to tie a Snell Knot it also provides the ability to tie the nail knot making this a nice combo tool for fresh and salt water essentially four Tools in one you'll find reasonably effective clippers for cutting line a hook sharpening file and a small tool for tying the snail and nail knots you'll also find a tiny Spike that's great for learning excess paint from fly eyes the included Zinger is not the highest quality and you'll want to use one of your own for creating a retractable connection to your vest or PFD overall this inexpensive option has proven itself in the real world and we appreciate what it does for us number four tie fast knot Tire the next best fishing net tier is a tie fast knot Tire this fishing knot tying tool is very effective and also fast it is easy and safe for any angler and will serve both seasoned fishermen and newcomers exactly the same as if that's not enough this tool is also enclosed in a single piece of the stainless steel metallic alloy the alloy makes it easy to use and also gives it one of the best durability touches and for the people who need something better stronger and easier to work with the Thai fast knot tires almost assured deal to go with for the use of tie nail knot and the tie needle nail knots the tie fast knot tire is one of the tools that you can depend on fully even so it also has a high-end non-reflective finish that also maximizes the durability of the tool the non-reflective finish will prevent any form of corrosion it also makes a tie fast knot Tire an easy tool for both the fresh and also the salty water fishing spree in case you want to make use of this model you should read the user manual that comes with it and ensure that you follow it to the letter as a new wave ensuring that you get the best knots this model also comes with an easy to rig design that will prevent any form of breakages number three fishing knot needle the portable and long lasting knot needle is a handy device that every angler needs it's an easy to use tool that quickly ties knots without any hassles the fishing nut needle offers a new improved and trusted way to tie a knot it can tie as many as 20 different knots all in a quick easy and better and professional manner it is very quick and efficient in offering tied up knots so that you do not waste precious time in the bargain when you decide to go fishing the device is made of high quality plastic and stainless steel making it durable and rust resistant don't worry though it has a soft rubber gripper that grips and maintains the Integrity of your line you can easily slip this fishing knot tying tool in any pocket in a tackle bag or vest it is sure to prove to be beneficial when assisting Anglers and tying all kinds of common fly fishing knots this includes surgeon's knots blood knots clinched knots nail knots improved clinch knots Orvis knots Perfection nuts dropper Loop knots unit knots and non-slip knots it effortlessly satisfies the needs of every fisherman and angler and all types of fishing conditions number two type pro fishing knot tying tool this tool makes it on the best fishing net time tool list as it offers you a unique way to create Loops it spins while doing so and ensures it aids in tying and threading lines its spring-loaded handle offers users a firm grip it does not matter whether you are an expert at angling or are just getting into the groove of things this tool ensures you can depend on it to make secure knots easily it has a firm grip even when the wires are rough or if you are a little clumsy and find it difficult to work with your hands even a saltwater tackle won't lead to corrosion with this product if you find it difficult to see in dim light this product is easy to use so you can effortlessly make Dependable knots it possesses a line cutter that is made from stainless steel you can always keep it attached to a breakaway lanyard at Arm's Reach by hanging it around your neck number one hook ease fishing knot tying tool if you are looking to tie fishing knots like a pro so that you save a great deal of time and energy in the bargain the hookies knot tire is an efficient and hassle-free Tool it is an ideal companion for all of your fishing excursions it comes with a built-in line cutter that is made from stainless steel it is a wonderful tool to tie knots when kayaking and ice fishing using this tool you do not have to worry about getting pricked or hurt by the hook the product helps the tie swivel jig heads and speed clips this makes it easy to attach lures or other rigs even small flies it works with all kinds of lines right from monofilament to braided it also makes connecting from Line to Line or line to leader you do not have to worry too much about flying FG knots Yucatan knots and blood knots as it swivels seamlessly to form uniform Loops this way you never have to put in additional effort when attempting to perform Bimini twists if you've been fishing for any period of time then you probably have a favorite knot or knots for tying on your lures or for connecting two lines at home they probably rarely fail you but somehow when you go away things tend to go awry maybe you're rust or you're not maybe your line was frayed from the day before or maybe those giant travoli and yellowfin tuna stress out a knot more than the bluegills in your local pond there are also knots that can be tough to tie when you're in a rocking boat or in the wind rather than in the comfort of your garage there are ways to simplify or improve the process though they may cost a few bucks but what sort of price can you put on the fishing trip of a lifetime and your one shot at a true trophy none of them take up much space in your luggage either but when you have the best fishing knot tying tool you can have a perfect and strong knot with just one try as a matter of fact some devices can help you make 15 different knots however getting the best fishing knot tying tool is quite challenging when you have plenty of Miles available on the market and with a decent design and Innovative features all the products mentioned above are a perfect blend of Versatility and Innovation providing users the Best in Class experience Choose Wisely which product suits you the best and will fulfill all your requirements let us know in the comments which model works for you the best and why thank you for watching the video and that is all for this one if you find this video helpful in any way give a huge thumbs up stay tuned for the upcoming videos by subscribing to our Channel see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @dennisprah223 [6 likes]: I have to agree on the hook ease !  I am a  handicapped vet .  My hands are extremely crippled up.  After trying several tyers the hook ease worked best for me !
  2. @adventureswithfrodo2721 [4 likes]: This video is done as usual out of ignorance. The person doesn't even fis. So typical P0S video.
  3. @wayned5872 [3 likes]: Tie-fast get my vote i have a few of them i keep in tackle bags for salt & freshwater fishing
  4. @pickadviser [2 likes]: Best Fishing Knot Tying Tool  Shown in This Video:

5. ►TQONEP Quick Knot Tying Tool: https://amzn.to/3VY5GxP
4. ►Tie-Fast Knot Tyer: https://amzn.to/3VxUmqw
3. ►Fishing Knot Kneedle: https://amzn.to/3xAuliE
2. ►TYEPRO Fishing Knot Tying Tool: https://amzn.to/3VENlV5
1. ►HOOK-EZE Fishing Knot Tying Tool: https://amzn.to/3VUi6ql
  5. @redfishonfly58 [2 likes]: What is a "unit knot"?
  6. @rabblescamp [1 likes]: Do you want a mindless computer advising you?
  7. @kaiserschnitselsr: garbage
dislike & downvote
  8. @silversech1: Maybe show be more clear showing how they actually work next time instead of talking about nonsense so people can see which would work best.
  9. @fishingdude67: Wouldn't need anything for hooks that massive! 

Size 12 to 16 flies (maybe 18) would be useful.
4th one looks interesting. 
Eyesight not great nowadays! 😅
  10. @jimroberts-l8i: I like to use swivels.  Which tool work better with swivel?
  11. @christophercook723: The passing off Chinese copy of the Hook Eze is the best and cheapest 😮😢
  12. @이종현-m1k: 매듭 원형 🖊   만들수이서요
  13. @이종현-m1k: 코카콜라  뚜껑 2 되꾼요?

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [33 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- This Insane Claude Setup Scrapes Viral TikToks + Finds Winning Ad Hooks: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, so in this video I'm going to show you how you can use Claude to scrape Tik Tok videos and find hook ideas and pain points and other copy in your ads and your marketing depending on what product you're selling. So first I'm going to show you how this works and then I'll show you how to set it up step by step. So, I'm just going to paste in a prompt here, and I'm going to say, "Use the Tik Tok scraper to scrape 10 Tik Tok videos about anti-aging skinincare. Analyze the pain points, the product claims, and the emotional drivers, and pull out any high performing hooks or standout comments." So, you can optimize this prompt however you want. I'm going to hit send. And what Claude is going to do is I have hooked it up to an Ampify scraper. I'll talk about that later on exactly what that means. And you can see it's accessing this tool. So I've basically given Claude access to a tool in in this case it's a tool that goes out or a scraper that goes out and scrapes Tik Tok videos. So, it's able to get the transcript of the video, the engagement metrics of the video, and you can see right now it's successfully scraped those videos, and now it's going to look at the data. Right? So, here it's pulling in the text. It's pulling in the engagement metrics, and it's going to do that for 10 videos. Now, this may take a minute or two, and I'm probably going to pause the video, but after it's done scraping this content, it's going to provide a report about the hooks, the pain points, and the other items that I asked about. All right, now it's moved on to the second part of the analysis. So, the first part it was scraping, and now it's extracting. So, you can see this is what I've asked for, pain points, product claims, emotional drivers, hooks, and phrases. So, it's taking in the transcripts of those videos and it's going to try to put these all together under certain buckets. So, you can see we've got aging, over 40, lack of skin, radiance, and glow. So, it's kind of pulling in all of these keywords and themes. All right. So, now you can see it's it's finished the analysis. That did take a couple of minutes. I just paused the video. And now it's writing the report, right? So, we've got user pain points. We've got the top product claims, the emotional drivers, some high performing hook phrases. It even comes up with the the top products and ingredients that are mentioned. And then it starts getting into the in insights around the content strategy, right? So simple product demonstrations perform exceptionally well. So it's pulling in the engagement metrics of the videos, pulls out the comments and the emotional hooks. And then it even comes up with some optimal hook formulas. And I can even ask it to make this as an artifact. So it's going to kind of open up the side view over here and put this into kind of a report that's a little bit easier to digest. And it's giving us the analysis here. Right. So, we looked at 10 Tik Tok videos, total 3.7 million views, and now we have again a report here that we could download as a PDF, or we could just copy and paste this and and send it to us as an email. But in less than 3 minutes, it was able to go out, scrape a bunch of popular Tik Tok videos in this specific niche, and generate a crazy detailed report. Again, we can use this in our messaging, with our ads, and our marketing. By the way, if you want access to all of my AI workflows for free, be sure to hop into my free school community, AI Automation Made Easy. So, this is basically AI for marketing and paid ads. We've got a bunch of paid media managers, creative strategists, agency owners, and growth marketers inside. Nearly 3,000 folks in here right now. Not only that, I've got a classroom full of free templates and NAN files. So, again, if you want access to these templates for free, be sure to hit up the free community. All right, so how do we set this up inside of Claude? Now, I'm not going to lie, it is somewhat technical, but it's easy to follow, and you only have to set it up once. Now, before we even get started, there are three things that you need. So, number one is this thing called Node.js. It's just a piece of software that you download on your computer. Chances are you already have it. If you don't, or if you are not sure, you can download it here on nodejs.org. and you just click on this get nodejs. The second thing that you need is clawed desktop. So this is able to run through the desktop app, not the web app. So you can download claw desktop for free on this page over here. And then the third thing that you're going to need is a free appy account. So aify is a collection of web scrapers. So in the example that I showed before, I was using a specific scraper. this Tik Tok scraper that went out and scraped all of these videos. And so what Ampify allows us to do is connect to these different web scrapers inside of Claude. And again, you can get started with a free account. All right, with all that said, once you are logged into your clawed desktop, the first thing that you need to do, you're not going to see it on my screen because I have already done it. But in the help window, what you will see is something that says enable developer mode. Again, I've already checked it on so I can't get it back, but you need to click on the dropown that says enable developer mode. Once you've done that, you want to go to clawed and then settings. And now what you'll see is this developer section down here. Now your screen is going to look a little bit different than mine again because mine is set up. But what you want to find is a button that says edit config. And when you click on that button, it's going to open up something on your desktop that's going to go directly to a file that looks like this. So it's this configuration file. Now what you want to do with this file is you want to rightclick it and you want to open with a text editor. So on my Mac, you know, I've got the notes app. I've got the text edit app. I'm going to use the text edit. So what happens when I open that up is it's going to open up a blank text edit file that says claw desktop config.json. Now, don't worry. I'm going to tell you exactly what to paste into this file. So I'll leave this Google document hopefully below this video. And what you can do is copy all of this and then go back to your text file. And again, yours is going to say claw desktop config. I'm just using a blank text file here cuz mine's already filled in. So you're going to paste yours in. And there are a couple of changes that you need to make. Now, the most important one is this Appify token. So this is your personal API key that Appify uses to verify that that you are actually you. And I've masked my key here, but what you're going to want to do is delete what is in between these two quotes here where it says Appify API your API key. And we're going to go back into Appify and you're going to get your API key to paste in here. So again, you're signed up for an Appify account. When you go into settings and then API and integrations, this is your API key that you want to keep secret. and you can copy that to your clipboard. Come back to your text edit file and you want to paste it right in between those two quotes. I'm not going to paste mine because it will reveal my secret key, but you want to paste yours right between those quotes. And again, it should match your API key that you copied over. All right, the second thing to be aware of, you don't necessarily have to change this and and really I suggest if this is your first time, maybe just leaving this as is. But as I mentioned, Ampify has a bunch of different scrapers, right? And these are called actors. So what you can see in my template file here for my claude, I have a couple of different scrapers, right? One that is going to scrape Twitter, one that scrapes Instagram, one that scrapes Tik Tok, which I showed before, one that scrapes LinkedIn, and then one that scrapes YouTube. So again, if you want to keep it simple, I would just leave this as is. And that's going to allow you to access these different scrapers. But if you want to get creative, let me show you how you can kind of change that file. So if we go into the Appify store. So let's say we wanted to search Google Maps, right? So I would go to see if Appify has a Google Maps scraper, which they do, right? So I just search for Google Maps. And there's a couple of options here. This one has 137,000 users. So, let's say I wanted to add Google Map Scraper to Claude, right? I would come in here and what I need to do is grab this identifier right here. And you can see I can copy that to my clipboard just by clicking copy. Now, I can go back into my text file. And if I wanted to add it here, I would just do it to the end, right? So, you can see right now before this quote, we have a YouTube scraper. So, I'm just going to add a comma. And then I'm gonna paste in that Google Maps identifier. Right? So, and with no spaces, right? So, you can see this is what I just added the compass crawler Google places which matches this ID. So, what this now means is that when I save this file, Claude, my Claude will now have access to a Google map scraper as well. Now, when you're done with your text edit file, right, your claw desktop config file, all you have to do is save it, right? So, hit controls save and then you can X out of the file. All right, once you've saved that file, what I recommend doing is quitting Claude entirely. Again, you're cla quit the application entirely. Reopen it. Right? That gives Claude a chance to reset and sync with the MCP server for Appify. And now what you should see when you open up Claude again fresh is this setting down here which is search and tools. Now when you open that up you can see I have a couple of different connections here but the ones that we just added is this one here. It's called actors MCP server which is the appy connection. And if you click on that little arrow you can toggle on and off the the different actors or the different scrapers. Right? So these are the ones that I have installed initially. Remember that tweet scraper, Instagram scraper, Tik Tok scraper, LinkedIn scraper, and YouTube scraper. And you can see these are all toggled on, which means if I instruct Claude to use it, it will be able to use that scraper. Now, just a couple of notes. When you're wanting Claude to use a specific scraper, just be specific, right? If you want it to scrape Twitter, say use the Twitter scraper. If you want to get even more specific, you can say use the API dojo/weetcraper so it knows exactly which scraper to use. The other final note is if you on a free clawed plan, it's possible you're going to get rate limited. You may see some errors just because your account is going to time out possibly before Appify can finish the scrape. So, if you're serious about doing this, I do recommend upgrading to a paid clawed

  Top Comments:
  1. @nickydee5491 [5 likes]: mate you did not provide the code of MCP which you are showing . where is that code
  2. @nikosnos790 [1 likes]: CODE FOR MCP CONNECTION

{
  "mcpServers": {
    "actors-mcp-server": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": [
        "-y",
        "@apify/actors-mcp-server",
        "--actors",
        "apidojo/tweet-scraper,apify/instagram-scraper,clockworks/tiktok-scraper,supreme_coder/linkedin-post,streamers/youtube-scraper"
      ],
      "env": {
        "APIFY_TOKEN": "YOUR_APIFY_TOKEN_HERE"
      }
    }
  }
}
  3. @Xpl-r5k: Bro why do you tell someone to copy this when you didn't even leave it below? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  4. @socialwithanand: How to edit it in windows
  5. @蔡诗淇: hi Mike, I tried to copy that text in my file but it always adds something like “preference…” in the file, and I cannot see the actor I added in Claude. What should I do?
  6. @CCA_veena: Hey Mike, Can i know if you're using Claude Pro or Max for this project ?
  7. @pH7Programming: Great explanation, straight to the point! Keep going! 👌
  8. @nickydee5491: is in the deep research do the task for you. what is the different between your method and deep research agent ?
  9. @manstrof5441: love ur vids

- I Studied 100 Viral Hooks, These 6 Will Make You Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en the biggest difference between winning and losing on social media is the hook this is the 8020 of video if you want your videos to perform better you need to focus on leveling up your hooks now I've studied thousands of videos and it turns out all of the best performers only use six different hook formats if you know these six you're set so in this video I'm going to break all that down first we're going to walk through all six hook formats with examples and then I'm going to give you a full playbook for how to actually write winning hooks on your own I guarantee this this will be the best video on hooks you ever watch and I know this works because I've done billions of views myself using these exact same methods all right now first before anything else we need to understand the psychology behind how hooks work this is super important hooks are designed for one reason to create a curiosity Loop think of it like a rabbit hole in the viewer's brain we need to get them curious enough about the topic that they couldn't dream of doing anything else other than watching our video now the best way to create that Curiosity Loop is with contrast the viewer starts the video believing one thing and then we introduce an alternative in the hook they believe a we show them B and the distance between A and B is contrast the bigger the contrast the more the Curiosity and the deeper the hook it really is as simple as that but the hard part is you only have 5 Seconds to make it stick so each of these six hook formats are specifically designed to create that contrast and build the Curiosity Loop all right now the first hook format is called the fortune teller and it's all about positioning the the present against the future the Creator is using some scenario or question to build curiosity about how the future might change so this could mean saying something like that new microwave is going to change cooking forever or that little blue light is going to impact traffic moving forward here are a couple other examples of the fortun teller hook in action we're witnessing one of the largest breakthroughs in marketing this is the future of animation and this fortune teller hook format Works super well because the human brain is designed to constantly think about the future so it's playing into that so the Tactical steps for using this hook format would be a establish what the current reality is B figure out how the future might change based on the video subject and C frame a question or statement teasing that new future as a possibility and this format is great for breaking news product Innovations really anybody that's trying to build Authority or interest around knowing the future of some topic and again I'm going through all six of these base formats first so we can build that Baseline before going deeper tactically into how to actually write the hooks and I'll go through that in a minute okay now the second hook format is called the experimentor and this one is all about the Creator showcasing how something works using a demo or experiment and specifically this is angled as peer-to-peer it's one friend showing another what they learned or came across so the contrast that's being built is coming from I used to do something this way I figured out some method or format let me show you how now I'm doing this thing this way and here are a couple examples of the experiment format in action does anything look weird about this shot to you I actually don't have have a camera in my hands I'm recording with these glasses on my face these are the rayan meta smart glasses and they're about to change the way that we create this right here is the brand new cha gbt agent that literally controls your browser and does tasks for you and this is an 11-step process and we're going to see if it does it now I especially love the Colin and Samir one because Samir is actually showing how the glasses work in the hook as well he doesn't have to use the hook to Tee It Up in the future because the glasses camera is the subject itself and that video did 50 million views for a reason and a lot of Mr Beast videos fall into this hook category as well he doesn't always explicitly explain them as experiments but he's basically doing human experiments and then letting you watch in real time to see what happens so the Tactical steps for using the experiment hook framework are to a establish the base pain point that needs solving B show that you solved the paino or tried some new method or tool with an experiment and then C walk through why that new experiment or solve is different and help solve the paino better and this format is great for product demos new Frameworks it's also great for B2B trying to Showcase how your tool or product works this is also the same hook framework where those people that make the elaborate outdoor structures camping or building a log cabin by hand this the same format they're using as well and before we keep going if you like the way I break this content stuff down using the metaphors and the names to make it a little bit easier I actually did the exact same thing around virality how does virality work breaking into a formula you can actually grabb that it's a free 5-day email course called The virality Blueprint explains Concepts like this but in way more depth you can grab that there's a link below or go to virality blueprint.com and you can sign up all right let's keep going now the third hook format is called the teacher and this one is similar to the experimenter except that instead of going peerto peer it's going more teacher to student and instead of showing things with a live experiment it's more showing them by Framing a lesson so it's kind of like I'm the teacher of this topic I just saw somebody who solved X with Y method let me break that down and explain to you how they did it again the contrast is coming from you're failing at this thing I found a new way to do it let me explain how to do it so that you can start winning and here's a few examples of the teacher format in action three things you can learn from aritzia here's how I got this shot I made this Ecom brand a million dollar in 12 hours using something called the product drop method and again these are all teaching setups so it's either the Creator tried something and extracted the lessons and is now teaching it not like experiment but teaching the methods or they studied someone else who solved that thing and then is now teaching those lessons back either way it's show by teaching and so the Tactical steps for using this one would be a establish the base paino B show that you have a solve through some set of learnings or method and then see walk them through why the process or steps worked because of your solve and this format is super good for anybody who's trying to build Authority in the category or become an expert to then sell that expertise okay now the fourth hook framework is a little bit different than the other five it's called the magician and it can be used as a precursor or in combination with the rest of them now the magician is basically a stun gun it's strategically using visuals and or language like hey look at that to visually Force the viewer's attention to a specific thing in the visual and it's usually something outlandish or just rhythmic and Visually Pops to stop the scroll now there are a ton of amazing examples of people who do this China CH what's up mttv chis yo check this out so president Trump just ordered the Resurgence of a 1980s plan for nuclear war in space let me explain so this can either be executed with some visual stun tactic like what Carl Shakur uses the kind of snap click or it could be the spoken words themselves like look at that crazy thing and really forcing the attention my favorite example of this is the neon sign guy who starts out as Trump with the wig makes a joke in the voice and then throws the wig off and immediately starts talking about the neon signs I've been using this on my own videos for the last 30 or so where I start all the videos saying check this out really quick and I roll into the first line with it check us out this check out this check out this check out this it just gives that kind of unique signature pattern that people recognize audibly when they hear it another great way to achieve the magician is with something called a visual pacifier now this is an activity that the subject is doing passively which holds just enough of your subconscious attention to let you focus on the thing this could either be like Alex Earl doing her makeup or this guy in this example stacking the cups it's the same psychological reason why people make those GTA Gam gameplay videos the split screen and you see the car driving through the course on one end and then the clip on the other it holds just enough subconscious attention to get you to focus and not churn on the main thing and I say this format is different because you can combine the magician with any of the other five a lot of people stack them so they use the magician immediately as a visual stun gun and then layer on one of the other five below so tactically to do this you either want to find some visual some sound or some signature thing that you can tie to your videos to kind of stun that's atypical and stops that scroll all right now the fifth hook format is called the investigator and this one is super common with this format you're basically trying to create contrast against some unknown secret or some finding that you found in your research that nobody knows about so the contrast is today you don't know the thing I show you the thing now you know the thing very simple almost all of my personal short form videos fall into this category it's kind of unearthing some tech or AI thing about the future potentially that people don't know about and there's a ton of amazing examples showcasing this format as well so this is one of the sneakier marketing campaigns I've seen Central sees brand sells out in seconds and what's crazy is that it's not just because he's a rapper Che out this is a secret Japanese City built at the base of Mount Fuji but it's not just any City so the Tactical steps if you want to use the investigator would be to tee up the fact that there is some secret that they don't know and then frame it against their current reality which is not knowing and the communicated contrast in this one is pretty straightforward because the base cases they don't know and then you tell them something they know some of these don't have to be super cheeky they could be pretty straightforward but inherently they'll still grab and create that interest this format is great for people to use who are trying to be at the Leading Edge of their field or showcase that in a research capacity they're finding the Deep insights that most people don't know okay and the sixth and final hook format is called the contrarian and this one is actually the easiest to understand where exactly the contrast sits the contrarian hook literally has the Creator come out specifically and say what they believe about the topic that is different than the conventional wisdom and the difference between this one and some of the others is that a few of the s kind of slightly try to hide that contrast in the framing whereas this one immediately you come straight out and just say you're doing your branding wrong you should be doing it this way it's very direct here are a few examples of the contrarian in practice so I think this is probably the most important thing that you need to be doing if you run a brand that you are probably not doing and this is having one-on-one conversations with your customers you have no creative ideas because your space sucks to live in this guy is a multi-millionaire from his clothing brand and the weird thing is they're best sellers are almost never in stock NOW of the six hook formats this one is the most direct at creating that contrast and it's really easy the Tactical steps would be figure out what you believe that most people don't believe and then say it explicitly this is great for the smarty pants expert use case or somebody that's trying to frame thems as a contrarian in a crowded space okay so there we have it those are the six hook archetypes the fortune teller the experimentor the teacher the magician the investigator and the contrarian now I'm going to tell you a secret you don't actually have to to figure out which one of the six works for your video because the truth is every single video idea could be manipulated to use any of the six hook formats for example let's say I made videos reviewing backpacks and this new interesting backpack just came out that I wanted to make a video about how would I go about using all six of these in different ways so for the fortune teller I may say something like this backpack is going to completely change the way Millennials travel for the experimenter I might say I just took this backpack 7,000 Mi across the world but it has three major design flaws for the teacher I may say something like if you're traveling internationally this summer this is the best way to pack your backpack for the magician I may do a rapid match cut with a bunch of different backpacks to visually stun them and then with the voiceover saying which of these backpacks is the best for a guy in their 20s for the investigator I may say something like I can't believe this company isn't marketing this one flaw in their bag and then for the contrarian I may say something like everybody loves this bag but if you use it every day it is so overhyped and see so you can pick any of those hooks directions with every single video topic and so the real question is how do you decide if you're staring at the blank page and you're trying to write a hook which of these is the best one for you in any given scenario and this really gets into the second part of the video which is tactically how do you actually write a banger hook that crushes every single time cuz that's where the sauce really lies so let's walk through that I'm going to break the whole thing down right now all hooks are made up of four components the spoken hook which is what you say the visual hook which is what you show on the screen the text hook which is what you write in text on the screen and then the audio hook which is the sound and sound effects that you play in the background and this is the big secret right here the difference between 500 and 500,000 views is unlocking Max alignment between those four things so if you say one thing verbally but then the visual even slightly different that creates misalignment and then the hook is not as effective to nail the hook you need all four of these things to line up perfectly and the reason this matters is because because of comprehension comprehension is the degree to which the viewer actually understands what they're seeing and hearing you can't hook them unless they fully understand and are interested in what they're watching if your verbal spoken Hook is different from your visual hook which is different from the music in your audio hook well that leads to confusion and confusion leads to comprehension loss which just makes it harder for the viewer to stick with the hook the way to drive Max comprehension is to make sure the visual and audio hooks are aligned and so how do you do this the way you do this is to understand exactly how the viewer takes in the video when they're watching and this gets to the Deep psychology which is my favorite thing to do imagine a subconscious heat map when somebody's watching the video where are they actually focusing their attention I'm going to tell you this is what all viewers do the first thing they do is they take in the visual and text hook they see the visual they may read the text hook if it's obvious enough in the right place and then their ears catch up and they hear the spoken hook after and after they hear what you're saying they look back at the visual and they're seeking visual confirmation with what they heard so it's visual audio visual that sandwich is how people actually take in videos at the subconscious level now why is this the case well the reason is our eyes process 10 to 100 times more information per second than our ears and this is essentially the speed of light vers speed of sound phenomenon so the viewer is seeing first then hearing and then looking back at the visual to match what they heard okay so tactically tying all this together what does this actually mean and why did I spend so much time going through those six hook archetypes what this means is that the most important part of getting the hook to actually perform well is the visual it's not what you say it's the visual I call this the key visual so when you first have your video idea the very first thing you should do is figure out what visual or visuals you have at your disposal that you could actually slot into the first 3 to 5 seconds and based on that key visual you then need to decide which of the six hook archetypes will create the most contrast and perfectly aligned with what that visual shows knowing the visual lets you set up the speech to then set back up to the visual this is the golden approach to hooks that nobody talks about at this level all right so now I'm going to say it again one more time but more organized so the very first step is you need to look at what visuals do you have the better the visual the more you can lean on the visual and the easier it will be to set up the contrast back to the visual if you don't have a good visual you need to really think should I make this video and if you do want to make it how are you going to manufacture the key visual with Motion Graphics or some stock footage to create this interesting thing to look at step two is that once you have the visual you need to think about what are the most interesting fact sets or angles things about the story that you have to work with and based on those what has the biggest contrast whichever one has the biggest contrast will inform which of the six hook archetypes that you actually use step three is that I would then write the spoken hook this is going to be two to four lines and it's going to follow the context lean contrast and contrarian Snapback approach that I detailed in my other Hook video I'll link that here step four is then what text can I put on screen overlaying the video to support that initial Visual and the reconfirmation of the visual after someone hears the speech and then step five I'm going to watch it back and gut check with myself does this achieve Max comprehension if the viewer goes visual speech visual are they very clear on what I'm talking about in this video and does that align with where I think the rest of the video will go if not I will stop not move forward and rework the hook that is how important it is all right now really quick I just want to walk through a couple examples of my own content to illustrate what I mean by good and bad hooks we're going to show one of each the first one is an example of a perfect hook this video is about life-size floor plans which is this really cool projected home floor plans in a warehouse this video did 15 million views so the first thing I want you to do is watch this video with no sound we're going to turn the sound off just watch the hook visually and I want you to think where do your eyes go what do you notice and what do you see so we're going to play that right now all right now the first place your eyes probably go is that sliding text that comes across that says the future of Home Design This first clip with a split screen you don't actually see that well the girl with the arms going up that was more just a visual stun gun the actual hero visual the key visual that I saw in the idea that I knew I was going to build the whole video around was the next visual in the full screen with the people walking on top of the floor plans what I did is I put text that said life-size floor plans with an arrow enhancing the fact that your visual eyeline went directly to that thing I wanted to make sure you saw that and so this was the visual shocker right there's embedded contrast here most people have never seen this before so the fact that it existed on its own created a large contrast I knew that visual was a great key visual to build off of okay so the next thing is I had actually pick which of the hook formats that I want to go with and then how would I actually write the hook itself so when I looked at the formats there were two that made sense one was the fortune teller this is the future of Home Design and the second one was The Secret Keeper I found this secret about how people are designing homes that nobody knew they're close to the same but slightly different I went with the fortune teller one because which is easier to explain and creates more of a shock this is what the future of Home Design will look like right so that's what I picked and then step three was I had to actually write the hook so context lean contrast contrarian take so I literally said check this out that was my magician scroll stop thing and then I said these are life-size floor plant you can literally walk through your exact Home Design before you build it right so that's context lean that is me literally describing exactly what you're seeing that is perfect alignment with showing the visual and saying the thing then for this one I didn't actually need a contrasting word I didn't need to say but here's what's crazy because the fact that it existed on its own was already contrast enough so my contrarian take which maps to the Future hook fortune teller was I think this is the future of how people are going to design their homes right so it's exactly what I'm saying I picked the fortune teller I talked about the future I set up the context lean what you're seeing with pure Al alignment and then I framed this is the future of how people are going to design their homes that is tailor made how you build the hook with pure alignment and this one worked 15 million views now before we end the video Let's quickly go through one bad example where I made a video but it didn't work out that well it got maybe 100,000 views or less and the hook was just executed super poorly so I want to explain what went wrong and what I should have done looking back okay so the same thing here I want you to watch this video without sound just watch the first 15 seconds and tell me where you focus your attention [Music] right away you see the tech sliding across again future of Storytelling and then you see a bunch of these rooms kind of like magically appearing out of nowhere just that alone is kind of misaligned future of Storytelling is a bit of an abstract concept and so visualizing that with those rooms does that really mean future of Storytelling not really so already just in the visual and with the text there is comprehension lost then when you turn the sound on it gets even more confusing so I say this is the future of Storytelling it's called a generative World model it lets you turn a single image into a photorealistic cinematic World okay so if you really take that down future of Storytelling it's so abstract it's like what do you even show for that maybe it's a book with a video or a robot coming out of it maybe I could have used that the problem is nobody knows what generative World model is nobody knows what photorealistic world so I use these crazy terms that I didn't have good visuals to show and you can tell immediately it's just a little confusing it's not as straightforward as the life-size floor plans one and so when you watch this yeah maybe you're like oh those are cool visuals but you're not actually hearing what I'm saying when you don't hear what I'm saying you have comprehension loss when you have comprehension loss you're not purely tied and aligned with the video and so looking back maybe what I should have done has gone more explicit so these rooms are the future of commercials and if I had visuals of guys actually using those rooms to film commercials and I could show that perspective maybe that would have worked the truth is this video didn't have great b-roll that was easy to explain so what I should have done is probably canned the idea not made it in general and that's really what you need to decide when you're going through this process what is the visual what is the hook format writing the hook is there Clarity and Alignment if there isn't you probably should throw out the video because there's always more ideas that you could make so that's really the process in a nutshell you have to have that Clarity and if you don't that's the difference between 10,000 views and 10 million views and look the reason that I can go so deep and I'm so nerdy on this stuff is because I live and breathe this content stuff all day long and I'm making this channel because I'm trying to show my experiments and show my work to help other people grow with content but look if you don't want to have to worry about which hook format to use and how to exactly write it you don't want to take 60 minutes a day making videos that's completely fine I built sand castles which is a software to infuse all of these learnings and formulas and formats into it so all you have to do is put your video in and we'll do it for you we go through the full diagnostic to figure out what is the right hook formula how should we frame it where is the best contrast it's all automatic so if you want to try that out sandcastles a have a free trial for you below that's the easiest way that you can close the gap on this without having to do all the work and guys if you like how I think about this stuff there is a ton more for free in the description I have a free contact Community called wavy world with over 13,000 people that are learning the advanced psychology behind this stuff there's a free invite for you below make sure to grab that and keep me posted on what you guys want next keep the shares coming keep the comments coming until then we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [27 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ryanthecoach [1 likes]: seriously? your "free guide" takes DAYS to come but... didn't ever come?!?!! Just a dozen marketing emails.
  3. @ignaciogutierreznabias: You are really good explaining thks for this!
  4. @Studio81000: Lets go viral baby!
  5. @FinanzasAztecas: I love your content, you bring so much value! But you speak so fast my brain doesnt have enough time to associate and process all. I feel like i miss stuff, so i always end up leaving your videos around half of it
  6. @EverythingAinowllc: This video is awesome
  7. @htdstf: Bro please this video please auto translate with Hindi start please enable the setting
  8. @DreamNestBedtime: https://youtu.be/W1-OicF3MaI?feature=shared
  9. @LifeGrazfully: Thank you sir. I was doing a bunch of nonsense on my page.
  10. @benjimeko: it helps kall thank you
  11. @shubniggurath47: The best video on this topic so far!
  12. @finessingtheindustry: Best videos out ..great content
  13. @Ojan_Cuan: You're Genius
  14. @ramgautamvlog: Thank you very much 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  15. @ayamoormusic: This is a lot of fascinating info. What if you’re an artist trying to gain a following?
  16. @TheWhisperingPoet: This video is visually so good that it seems AI.
  17. @duttslab: Awesome insight
  18. @thecatplayer9684: 15:26 i don't see the link anywhere
  19. @life_force_health: You're a gangster dude. Very much appreciating your stuff.
  20. @NitishRathoresVlog: Mind Blowing !!! 🇮🇳

- Try Not to Cringe (I Failed): Kind: captions Language: en Today on Louis A. I cringe. Oh god. No. I get angry that I cringed. Why can't I do that? And I marry Tyler Vatelli. Me and Tyler getting married. Hey guys. Is he going to be okay? Oh dear. That was not a good start. My name's Louis A. Although I feel like I just knocked two wise off with that fall. Actually, no. Never mind. That spells Louisa. How's your life going? Hopefully you're having a good one. It's about to get a whole lot better cuz today we're doing a try not to cringe challenge. And I failed. Okay. Okay. The cringe is out the way. I'm not going to cringe again. Hope you don't mind. >> Oh, goodness me. >> But could you tell me >> what you're doing? Tell me what you're doing. What's going on? Why are there two of him? >> WHERE THE HELL IS THE B? >> I don't know whether to be more disturbed by the Hello Kitty trousers or dancers or the wolf hands. Why are you staring at me? >> You smile, you lose. >> That is not the right video. We're not doing that. We're doing If you cringe, you lose. You don't decide the rules. Why would this make me smile? Okay, I don't like this. >> Have I created enough? I've I've definitely failed. >> This is giving me shivers. >> Where's the report button? Oh, what is this? Somehow the videos are actually getting weirder. I don't know how. Please don't tell me the whole video is just this. Oh, he's turned around. I'm going to have to skip. >> I just want to say >> Oh god, no. Please, can I just skip? >> Ain't no girl can handle this. Wild stallion. >> This isn't going very well, is it? >> Okay, that's enough internet for today. How do you know I'm still here? Oh, as if we needed more. Please go away. Oh, thank you. >> And that, my friends, is why you need to believe in yourself. >> Oh, no. The school ones are always extremely cringe. >> GUYS, OUR TEACHER'S RIGHT. >> OH GOD, don't say it. >> I think if WE ALL BELIEVE IN OURSELVES, ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE. >> UM, ALEX, YOU GET THE DOOR. >> OH, ALEX, go on, Alex. All right. Jesus Christ. Alex, what are YOU DOING? >> UM, CHRIS, YOU GET THE SNASK. >> CHRIS, please just be normal. >> Chocolate? >> Sure, chocolate works. >> Did you say chocolate? >> Well, actually, you did, but that's fine. >> Chocolate. >> Chris, please just be normal. CHOCOLATE. >> CHRIS, NO. >> PENELOPE. YOU JUST BE PENELOPEY. >> PENELOPE. >> Who are you pointing at? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm getting a FaceTime. >> Hello. >> Okay, I'm hanging up. >> Wait, why are you here, too? >> Hi, Bubba. >> Who's that director at? >> I told you to call me Keith. >> I know what I'm going to call you. Weird. >> Let me see if there's any boys around you. >> Okay. What is actually going on here? POV. the protective couple on. Oh, that makes more sense. That's right, guys. The cringe continues with comment of the day. It never ends. Maybe today's one won't be so cringey. Who knows? Let's take a look. Today's comment of the day goes to Jay Lee plays Roblox. I made I I made I I made AI make this. It's beautiful, ain't it? Is that me and Tyler getting married? No. This might be the worst comment so far. Lee, maybe you should stick to Roblox because this is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life. Just to clarify, Tyler is sending me American candy. We are not getting married. But anyway, congratulations on comment of the day. I'm genuinely terrified to see what you're going to comment next, so maybe don't. But let's get back to the cringe. I said get back to the cr. Very funny. >> Derek. >> Hi, Derek. What have you done to Derek? >> Oh, the sound is so cring. No. Someone just save Derek, please. That doesn't look like saving to me, bro. Spare Derek at least some dignity. Jesus. We are not about to do this. Derek. >> Oh my god. Stop saying his name like that. We've turned Derek into a water balloon. Can we have some justice for Derek? Please stop doing that, bro. Just leave him alone. He's been through enough. >> Okay, just when you think it can't get any worse, Derek starts to we must be a law against this somewhere. You're really starting to scare me now. Great. Time to check someone washing beef mints off my bingo card. Pizza bologn. What is pizza bologn? I don't think the Italians are going to be happy about this one. You forgot the S. What is that? You're about to melt the glass. Can you move it away from the hole? Oh, Jesus Christ. Set the smoke alarm off. I wouldn't have a word. Where's the laser? What? That's my brain. What have they cooked there? Not even the pasta can save that. It's like the cherry on top of the cake, except the cake is made from American cheese. Really? I want to see if melted. >> That's going to stay. I really didn't need the helicopter POV. What was the point of it? >> Nah, I'm not hungry. Oh, no. You really think that's going to work? No, I'm done with this video. >> We have to do something and we have to do it now. >> What the hell? >> Who's that? >> That's me. I never joined that. Cool. Oh, that is amazing. Oh my god. Who made this? Oh my god. Skeletons 2026. Well played. Well played. That is hilarious. >> I love having steak for dinner. >> Oh god. Where's this going? >> I also love having brownies for dessert. Man, I wish I could just have both. >> Don't you dare. I'm warning you. I'm not actually going to leave, am I? Oh god. No. It's impossible not to cringe. These videos are so bad. I think this is a mistake. >> You did not just that. >> Brownie should be square, but this pan is too big. >> Oh well. Thanks for the warning. I guess I didn't mind. >> The aroma in my house is quite indescribable. >> Chocolate steak. That was easy. >> But it looks great. >> Well, yeah. It's not going to look like a cow, is it? It's >> super moist looking. I'm hoping it's chocolate. >> I'm lucky, mate. That would be the raw sirloin. >> But the next day, >> hurry up. I'm going to be Louis Gay by the time you say something. >> It doesn't really taste like anything. >> I waited all that time for that. I could have flown to Brazil. >> It's weird. It's really weird. >> You sound way too surprised. You've literally mixed a chocolate brownie with a rump steak. >> Not bad. >> No. >> You realize you're now interrupting playback time, right? Welcome back to Playback Time, everyone. I know. I know. Hell yeah. Playback time is where you tell me the things I've missed or got wrong in my videos. So, let's see if you can spot it. There's no way. No. I know. I'm trying it. I'm going to try. Here we go. That doesn't look right. No. No. I'm trying it. I'm going to try. Here we go. Oh, okay. Fine. That's why it didn't work. You guys told me that I'd need to fill it up right to the top. And you see there was quite a big gap there. So that's why I got wet. Great. So, thanks for letting me know, guys. I will try and fill up my water bottles completely next time. Right back to the cringe. Can you just stop trying? What just happened? Participating in this activity could result in you or others getting hurt. Who others? The fruits. I really hope that sound was the strawberry, not his chin. Oh. Why can't I do that? I'm new here. Is this normal? >> Picture this, right? You're sitting at your table one day and you see an apple there and you're thinking, "Hm, I'm not going to eat the apple today. I'm going to turn into a human hydraulic press and I'm going to squish it." How have we gone from an apple to a banana? Are they not meant to get harder? Oh, he's got a can now. Don't tell me the drink's still in it. I just want to see the apple round two at this point. Ow. This is optional, by the way. >> Did you lose or did you win? >> Well, it depends what you're talking about cuz I didn't smile, but I did cringe. Hey team, let me know if any of these made you cringe in the comments. And if today's video made you smile, then that's great. And if it didn't, then you're cringe. I've been Louis A, and I will see you next time after a short bonus clip.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItsLouisAyy [4100 likes]: Did you cringe too? 😩
  2. @Paige-y3f4q: A little bit where it's the pizza bolognese was one of the cheese had a plastic on it
  3. @Crystal_clearn1g: Me when I tapped on this video-alright, let’s cringe with louisayy😊
  4. @lisad2012ld: Love you Vids
  5. @ST4R-4570: 0:45 yh no
  6. @ArchieOlliesToyWorld: The clean girl made Merch you need to open it on stream 💄🧽
  7. @fejose9692: 🎉
  8. @Malikahplays: I feel bad for cebeeies bro they ruined small potatoes uk can relate
  9. @gracalencastre4060: If humans cant see air then can fish see water?? And if humans can see water... THEN CAN FISH SEE AIR!!!!
  10. @Sprout-is-the-best-toon: Don’t worry, I did the same while watching these clips😂
  11. @WeeDeb: Hello  mate  congratulations your a bride
  12. @GMOMMA63: weres the report button got me 😂
  13. @Kingisaac-x1m4s: No
  14. @firedragons2990: louisayyyy ?? if there is a tornado in my kitchen can i give it some caramelllllll????????????????????????????????
  15. @WeRFamily1023: Who’s having the baby Louise or Tyler?
  16. @RoslynMateo: i
  17. @autumnwise9929: I'm a 00000.1Percent Italian And I don't approve
  18. @autumnwise9929: poor derrick
  19. @BannsAbdullasaeed: I am Abdulla I made this for you 😂😂
  20. @theOGcat99: #justiceforderektherhino

- How TikTok Food Critic Keith Lee Resuscitated a Struggling Restaurant: Kind: captions Language: en this is one of the best wings I've ever had the 10. Keith Lee a Las Vegas food critic proved just how powerful his influence was when his review dramatically turned things around for a struggling family-owned restaurant I got an email from an employee of a family-owned restaurant here in Vegas I got it let's try it I called my order Frank was the owner and he was so nice on the phone like he was so patient he was kind uh I was ordering and he literally take your time I was looking at the menu the whole time I was ordering he was like just take your time like relax you okay and I personally love customer service I've worked in customer service for like my most of my adult life so I really value customer service and I went and I picked up my food and he had no idea who I was he posted a rave review on Tick Tock them some huge pepperonis boy I swear this is why I started making videos like this because places like this that don't nobody know of this a 9.8 out of 10. Frank from me to you this is my opinion there is no way you should be behind a ring or struggling to pay rent it is marketing that's 100 what I feel like that food is delicious the service is amazing that video changed everything in just 24 hours yeah yesterday I did a review today chaos for starters when I discovered they ticked out it was at 2 000 followers now seventy thousand in less than 24 hours 10 a.m to 5 p.m lying out the door obviously I knew he was gonna have some business but I never thought it was going to be to that magnitude it got like 10 million views in the first like three hours four hours uh it it blew up like crazy I tried to call the same day to like just say thank you because the food was that good and I couldn't get it I couldn't get in touch with him because the phones were off the hook um I went the next day and it was insane I went the next day and it was out the door he literally went from he was telling me he went from making like four orders a day to make it 400 in less than 12 hours he was a static he was hugging me he was jumping up and down since then the restaurant has been slammed the attention has been overwhelming for both Frank and King it was cooking from 9am to 5 p.m no lunch breaks no breaks at all no stopping Frank was like I gotta shut down for a second we need to breathe and eat what did you do and I was at like 30 million views and uh the news reached out the news did a piece and he was on the news he was extremely emotional he was extremely grateful my mom came and woke me up like the morning that it was on the news she was screaming at the edge of my bed my wife was screaming at the edge of my bed my dad was there and uh they were like you on the news you want to lose you on the news our phone never stopped ringing I sold more lemon pepper wings in the last two days that I have in the last four months it's just been overwhelming it's been a blessing this restaurant has been a dream of mine for 30 years for 30 years it sounds like they're working 16 hour shifts they haven't been able to stop uh they haven't been able to relax even two seconds I've helped restaurants in Vegas before but I feel like this one was was probably like the craziest part as far as like the response somebody saw this man on tick tock Keith's been a food reviewer for years and he hopes to make this into a full-time career a career out of being me and literally just doing that just being myself is definitely something that I want to do for the rest of my life and be able to get paid from it and be able to take care of my kids and their kids kids um yeah I'm gonna just keep working hard on being authentic I appreciate y'all God bless you guys y'all are amazing we doing it Mama we made it we're inside edition digital I'm Andrea Swindoll [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @NomadicCrierhttps [1 likes]: THIS is what America is all about!!  Praise Yeshua!!
  2. @absentstars474 [1 likes]: Closed in 2024. Rip.
  3. @charlita25: So nice 👍🏾
  4. @KeithHartman-qq7rq: WOW!!
  5. @onlyhispresenceohp2607: Kudos for Frank!
  6. @danielamercol9884: I want to hug Frank
  7. @maryoguns6612: I’m glad!! God used you to elevate human being like you, you will be great in life and more blessings 💪🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️😇
  8. @debbierichardson9575: Gotta be a downer  here. I wish they hadn't shown Frank working without gloves on AND a sore on his finger. That scab can come off in the dough.....
  9. @CathermalCorvus: LOVE THIS!!!!
  10. @lungiledlamini4447: Wow. That line outside is CRAZY 😂😂😂
  11. @priscilladawson5313: I love this for everyone involved! This is what America really represents❤❤❤
  12. @bradleybunt6556: That young man and his video forever changed the lives of that man, his family, his employees, and the community!  Young men like that dude who did the review did more with one single video than our entire Congress will do in an entire year.  That is incredibly powerful beyond measure from that young man and it is beyond pathetic for every last member of Congress.  World needs more good men like Keith Lee.
  13. @jonjonsarms: The law slumbers but never die. You deserved your success, sir.
  14. @Taurus_Moon_Rising: I wonder who the employee was
  15. @GlovesOff3456: I followed Keith just because of his positive impact.  This is what the world needs right now.
  16. @ricardoespinoza3132: What a great story. It's awesome that you helped a small business. Awesome!
  17. @g.m.prince7052: AWESOME
  18. @BrandonReyes-qh8st: 4 to 400 😂 ❤
  19. @MFobe: Yess frank 🍕 🍔 🐔 x & thank you kieith. 

From 🇬🇧 😎
  20. @CJ-iz4rz: HELLZ YEAH 👍💯❤❤❤❤

- Doctor Reacts To TERRIBLE TikTok Medical Advice: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm Doctor Posha, functional urologist and surgeon. - A functional urologist and surgeon. What's a dysfunctional urologist and surgeon? Is that, like, meaning he's stable? - Number one, let's talk deodorants. - Okay. - Conventional brands like Dove, Old Spice-- - I actually use Old Spice. - Contain aluminum which is a know neurotoxin. (cheerful music) - It's so easy to just, before you make the little short clip, Google it. See if deodorant has aluminum in it. It doesn't, it's that simple of a Google, look. - A natural and cheaper alternative? - Oh my god, yeah. - Take a lemon, cut it in half... - Rub it under your arms. A half a lemon can last up to a week. - Half a lemon would also irritate the (bleep) out of your armpit, 'cause it's acidic and not very comfortable. When that patient comes into my office for an episode of contact dermatitis, I'll be sure to say that a functional urologist referred them. - A bonus tip, if you eat cleanly, you won't have as much of a body odor. - What does it mean to eat cleanly? Kids who grow up on a farm surrounded by dirt and bacteria have been shown by some preliminary research to have better functional immune systems, less episodes of asthma and allergies. So what does it mean to be eating cleanly? I'm getting stressed out from this functional. Maybe that's the "function" of that "functional" specialty. - Are you kidding? That's unfair, she made those, I need to calm down. - "This is what I did for Halloween this year." Ah, I can't really tell what's happening here. Is this, uh, an amputation of some sort? Oh, it's a little, uh, donkey ride along. It's an AKA, above-knee amputation. (laughing) This is so fun. - Your man might have the Star Wars Lego Set Death Star, but can he chug a sparkling water and not burp? - I don't know if that's beneficial 'cause then you have all that air inside your stomach and it's probably not comfortable. (clock ticking) Oh, no. - (gags) Oh my gosh. Ah, what do I do? (burps) - Oh! Did not expect that. Yeah, don't do that, you're gonna get some acid reflux situation. And the worst form of it, by the way, is not if it causes heartburn, but if it shoots all the way up to your oral pharynx causing laryngopharyngeal reflux, which is actually a unique way that some people have a chronic cough and sore throat and mucus in the back of their throat, which they think is caused by virus or bacteria, but is actually as a result of acid from your stomach. "You killed someone but your Pilates instructor saw you." (laughs) Yeah, don't round the back. You're gonna put a lot of pressure on those discs. "Germs when you drop food on the floor." - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa... (clamoring) - No, no, no, they don't say "whoa". - One! - Oh. - Two! Oh shit! Yo, yo! Three! Let's go! Four, her we go! (cheering) Oh my god, what is this rule, bro? Why do we do this? We look like idiots! - See, I wish they would've done something like we did in touch football where you count Mississippis. - Mississippi? I said count to five. (sitcom laugh track) - Mississippi-less-ly? - I put my balls into ice cold water for three minutes every single day to enhance my fertility. - I can't even tell, at this point, if these TikToks are joking or serious, 'cause that's how ridiculous these health claims are. (coughing in the background) Sam's dying over here. - The quality of your sperm and your fertility depends on the health of your entire body. And your testicles is what produces your testosterone and your sperm. They are meant to be cool. - They're not meant to be frozen, they're meant to be a few degrees cooler than body temperature. (laughing) - Increases T, more swimmers, faster swimmers, better looking swimmers, and overall improved fertility. - Olympic performance gains. So, we went from hot tubs, cold plunges, tanning testicles, freezing testicles, what's next, kicking? - [Voiceover] At Adapt Basketball, we're all about training in the unpredictable, (laughing) and having to adapt to our environment. Here's a quick glimpse into one of our sessions. - Oh my god, don't do this. No, no, no, oh my god, something bad's gonna happen. We're gonna have to use blurs and I'm gonna be stressed. Oh, no, oh. It's hard to balance, bounce a basketball where there's wetness on the floor. The water, like, makes it splosh. (crocodiles splashing) Oh my god, why, why? Oh yeah, trying to do this against Bear and Ruby's tough. No, no, no, no, no, no! Oh my god, don't do that. Medical advice, an ostrich, they're so violent, they actually eat rocks to help them digest food. That's how tough they are. Are you impressed that I just pulled out an ostrich fact out of thin air? - [Sam] I am, you didn't research that at all. - (laughing) Yeah. "It's giving gas station hot dogs on a roller vibes." I'm not necessarily one that's like pro natural everything, but like... Swaddle the kid on your own. There's so much more to the swaddling and bonding when the child can smell you, hear your heartbeat, all the stuff. I know everyone's gonna be like, "you don't have kid, you don't know." I know, I know, yell at me all you want in the comment section to help engagement, and boost viewership. (laughs) - [Voiceover] Is this the best hospital in the world? It's called, Memorial, and its located in Istanbul, Turkiye. At this state-of-the-art hospital, you can get the most thorough VIP full-body-- - Oh, no. - [Voiceover] From the airport and your hotel in a luxury vehicle like you're VIP. - Oh, Maybach. - [Voiceover] And when you walk into the hospital, it looks like a five-star hotel. - Yeah, except they demand payment upfront and they won't let you leave the hospital until you pay them. - [Voiceover] You meet with several specialists to get a blood test, monitored my heart, and saw my heart for the first time in a ultrasound. Got a panoramic dental x-ray, and a dental checkup. Got a stomach and throat ultrasound-- - A lot of these tests, I mean, I don't know about this individual, but if they're just giving them to everybody, they're not beneficial. They're not screening tests, so you don't give them to healthy people, you give them to people that you're trying to diagnose a condition in. Because when you do it in mass to a lot of people, you're gonna find things that you're not gonna know what to do with. You're gonna need to follow up, you're gonna cause health anxiety. And some of the tests are procedures that you'll need to do to get to the bottom of the diagnosis that you've started can actually cause legitimate harm. - [Voiceover] Full-body checkup like this would cost thousands in America, but this only cost me $975. - Yeah, so the problem with a lot of medical tourism that happens to Turkiye, there's actually a really good warning from the US embassy in Turkiye about this. That you need to plan very carefully if you choose to do this. Ideally, speak to a medical expert here in the United States before going, and your ability to sue for malpractice in Turkiye is very, very limited. And if something goes wrong and you're uninsured, it's very difficult to find your way out of it there. - When you do this, if there is pain in your stomach, there's blockages there. - If I feel pain in a very specific way in a specific quadrant of your abdomen, 'cause we divide it up into upper, lower, left, right, in addition to a history, to a complete physical, to some labs, I still won't be able to give you a diagnosis with 100 percent accuracy. But this person can 'cause they don't have a shirt on. - This is something that you can do to help clear it right away. Okay. - Press on the side of your stomach. Pretend like you're about to choke your intestines, and then bounce and exhale through your nose like-- - Just live a balanced lifestyle, stay well-hydrated, exercise, live your life, enjoy. If something goes wrong, see a physician. And if you like doing Zumba-esque movements while squeezing, actually I don't even see a need to do this. "You're failing leg extensions but remember "you're a med student." That's a legitimate patella reflex. That's why whenever I do that, I try and stand away from my patients so they don't just reflexively kick me. During moments where patients are having sciatic pain like nerve pain radiating from the back, you could have such severe pressure on the nerve or damage to the nerve that it could actually impact deep tendon reflexes. And, yeah, it's not gonna be strong enough to lift a weight. (laughing) What the, oh, this is, wait, what? Oh, that's cool. Okay, so I'm trying to think, who's showing more strength? I think it's probably the person on the bottom, because the person on the bottom is exhibiting very strong eccentric control where they're able to actually allow the muscle to lengthen while under pressure. And, interestingly enough, the more eccentric exercise you do, the more sore you get. So, for example, if you run downhill where you're actually exerting pressure to lengthen the muscle as you go down, you will become more sore than traditional running. Same thing that, if you prioritize not just pushing up on the bench press, but slowly lowering it, you're gonna develop a lot more soreness. "When you are broke but want microneedling." (laughing) I don't recommend that. You can create open tears in the skin, get a really mean infection. There's actually something known as, cat-scratch disease, it's a serious condition. "Every time I try and grab a healthy snack..." Gentleman's grabbing a banana. Oreo, not very healthy. I wonder if this is how Doctor Gundry feels when he says things that like, "if you're eating grapes, might as well eat chocolate." - Might as well. - What? - This is literally what has to be happening at Doctor Gundry's, I mean, like, are we hiding some secret ingredient to make candy healthy? Whether or not you have high fructose corn syrup or cane sugar as a sweetener, the problem is still the fact that it's a sweetener and we're overeating the thing. I'm stressed, and I'm sweaty, and clearly I didn't eat cleanly 'cause it smells and I didn't use my lemon today. - [Voiceover] Day 217 of screenmaxxing my toddler. - What's screenmaxxing? - [Voiceover] We ease him into the day with a single screen during breakfast. Then we go to our local screen store where we check if they have any new screens for us. - Oh my god. - [Voiceover] This is his main station where he can get upwards of 72 hours of screen time in. - [Mike] Oh my god, this reminds me of my friends who used to multi-table online poker and they would play 14 tables at once. I'm not, "you're not even paying attention!" - [Voiceover] And when we're winding down for bed, I'll put on something less stimulating like a podcast or a soothing blue light. - Soothing blue light, the opposite of what you need to stimulate melatonin, the sleepiness hormone. - Successful people don't own pets and here's why. - Yeah, yeah, I do. - The time and the resources it takes to take care of an animal, take it on walks, vet bills, clean up it's (bleep). - [Mike] Bear, come here. Today, I'm gonna try and work really hard and be really successful, oh my god! Oh my god, the disruptors to my success, come up here. So much disruption, oh my god, so little success. This is how we're successful, look at his successful face. Ruby's bigger than Bear now, look at this monster. - [Voiceover] Um, excuse me what the actual-- - Do you know how many followers my YouTube channel would have if it wasn't for you holding my success back? - And in return, you get licked on is not a good ROI. - It's actually the best ROI. - The only exception is if there's multiple people in the house that can also take care of the animal. - Okay, that's true too. - You never ever see a successful person living alone with pets. - I lived alone with pets. I'm not saying that because I did something means everyone should do it, but when you say, "you'll never see it," and I'm a person that did, (bangs on table) chest compressions. (chainsaw buzzing) (Mike gasps) (speaking in a foreign language) What am I witnessing here? Oh my god, this is not an injury reaction video. I should not be watching this. Oh... My... Whoa... Don't do that, don't do... That's like a trust fall, but with a tree. Too much trust put in the bark of that tree. That tree is all bark, no bite. Oh! He could've been permanently, permanently damaged by that. An injury that high up in the cervical spine if the spinal cord were to be damaged, that's a lethal condition. - Hey, you guys. - My nose. - Oh, she got hit right in the face. They're gonna need a Rhino Rocket for her. - [Voiceover] When you are bonked on the nose, be it by a ball or a wall or the hand of a man, it's over quickly but the pain is terrific. - It is and I've been bonked on the nose and face quite a few times by gentleman named, iDubbbz, by a professional UFC fighter, Chris Avila. - [Voiceover] When you are bonked, your nose momentarily retreats backwards into your head, displacing your brain. For an instant, your brain floats vertically like a sleeping whale. - (laughing) This is so fun. - [Voiceover] Your negative thoughts sink to the bottom. Your worldview becomes clouded by darkness. - Oh my god, medically, totally inaccurate. Psychologically, very well accurate. - [Voiceover] When all returns to normal, your brain is permanently wonky, off-balance. - When you have a concussion, you do have some axonal injury of sheering force, so that does exist after the fact, but it's not because the brain does one of those. - You cannot trust medical advice from medical professionals. That doesn't mean that you don't have a great doctor that you should listen to, but-- - That's actually exactly what you said. - You need to take control of your own healthcare. - Okay. (clears throat) I'm gonna do this live right here, no break. You shouldn't trust pilots on an airplane. You should take control of that airplane and fly the plane yourself and land it! Do you see how insane I sound? That's exactly what's being said in this clip. You should not let experts who spend decades studying and researching the thing you have a question about and, instead, this person is saying you should go on Google and just figure it out off the internet. As Chris Tucker once said, "cha-mon!" - Cha-mon. - Carter! - Cha-mon, Lee. - Cha-mon! - Did you know there's a very painful medical condition that can actually be treated by going on a rollercoaster? - Kidney stones! I'm pretty sure this was published in the Osteopathic Medical Journal. - They suspected that the jarring nature of the rollercoaster would help move the kidney stone into a position that was more favorable for passing. What they found was on the back of the right rollercoaster, there is about a 70 percent passage rate of these kidney stones. - Is that wild? - However, they cautioned, if you're trying to do this yourself, the right rollercoaster has to be quick and rough with numerous twists and turns-- - I would not recommend this to my patient, unless they really wanna try it. "Helping out the OR team on your first day "as a medical student." Honestly, most of the time, you're just holding retractors. Retractors are those big medical devices that you're either holding skin, fat, bones out of the way in order to make the visual field cleaner for the surgical team. I wouldn't even say this is accurate. If they had the med student carrying the entire load with one of those bands on the bottom, and then everyone else, kind of, just looking around, that would be the more accurate depiction. - This is how to properly hydrate yourself. - Okay, I'm gonna show you. (slurps and swallows) Hydrated. - If you're drinking plain water, then you're probably not properly hydrated. - You probably are. - Often times, if you're just drinking a ton of tap water, you can be actually depleting your body of electrolytes and minerals. - If you're only drinking tap water, not consuming any other substance on the face of the earth over a long period of time, maybe. - I really recommend filtering your water. Tap water can be filled with a lot of extra added weird stuff. - Weird stuff, that's why we have organs to clean out weird stuff. - Starting out with some electrolytes-- - Oh, we're selling electrolytes. Electrolytes I'm not even against, they just have to be used with a purpose. So, unless you're sweating a lot, you don't need significantly added electrolytes. In fact, most people are over consuming electrolytes, aka sodium, in their diets. - I like to add some colostrum. This is great for immunity in gut health. Make sure to get a grass-fed brand. - Yeah, because if they ate non-grass-fed, the colostrum would be so non-un-toxifying. - I like to add a splash of cranberry. This is really great for bloating and water retention. If I'm consistent with my cranberry-- - People just say things now. I don't wanna be mean, but this is just so inaccurate and terrible. Someone is telling this person that they're doing a good job and they're not. If they said this was delicious and tasty, that's one thing, but they're making health claims about it which are untrue. Do you know how much sugar's in that? - You guys aren't gonna believe this. Aah, I have the best news! - Tell us. - So my surgeon and my infectious disease doctor spoke regarding my last surgery's results, and everything came back negative again, of course, and so your girl is going off the meds. - Woo, no more antibiotics for Bea! Talk about a great way to end a memes video. In fact, if you haven't seen my interview about the incredible story of what Bea's went through, click here, check that out. And, as always, stay happy and healthy. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @vereenigdeoostindischecomp9932: The ball dude just has a CBT fetish and is so far down the hole in defending it. 

I bet someone caught him being freaky with ice.
  2. @1089LeonhardEuler: This vid unconfused me because i was this many days old when I realized antipersperant and deoderant were different
And antipersperant has the aluminum, not deoderant so thanks
  3. @opieyumyum: When you think about who appointed Robert f Kennedy jr to his position it all makes sense. A dementia ridden buffoon put him in his position as he is also a dementia ridden buffoon. Two little peas in the same insane pod.
  4. @haileymailey24: About RFK telling people to ignore doctors, I’m currently pregnant and the amount of groups that have popped up on my Facebook feed about breastfeeding or other infant care stuff is insane and EVERY post is something like „this is what’s wrong with my baby, what should I do?“ and every time, I’m like „WHY ARE YOU ASKING SOCIAL MEDIA? GO TO THE DOCTOR WHO WILL KNOW WHAT’S WRONG!!!“ I can almost guarantee you (99.9%) that not one of those commenters went to medical school. WHY WOULD YOU LISTEN TO THEM???
  5. @sverrg: Every time I see RFK Jr. speaking I get this nervous feeling like I need to get up and start preparing to do chest compressions, seriously if someone starting making those sounds in a restaurant I feel like everyone who knows how to Heimlich would get their spidey senses tingling
  6. @สมานหกขุนทด-ฅ2ว: Those who didn’t come from TikTok are allowed to like this comment.
  7. @daniellekennemur4646: Ummm - all bird eat "rocks" or pebbles to help process their food.  It is the literal function of the gizzard
  8. @MindUrCraftyBusiness: I’m loving the dose of Rib and Bear!! Makes me want to get a Newfoundland.
  9. @HellmeiTV: Classic tiktok
  10. @Marshall-s5x: Water causes autism and with prolonged use can result in rabies.
  11. @Judes_Jumpstart: 13:27 last time that happened it didn’t end well 💀
  12. @UrumaJr: No the icing balls actually has been proven i mean why do you think we manspread?
  13. @NancyLiedel: My 2 ulcers would like to discuss that with blockage dude.
  14. @viapsilocybin: the random ostrich fact made me yearn for you like a middle aged woman. wild what happens on dr mikes channel.
  15. @heroblaze4438: 1:13 Probably don't eat anything with garlic in it but that's just an gauss of what the hell he meant by that.

11:08 Never say never (unless it's gambling) because  one in a million shots is all you need.

13:10 🤨 But why are they professionals?

15:33 Want to use your liver eat some apple seeds. (Like one apple or if you wait a while after the first apple an second apple.)
  16. @Verycoolcave: I got cat scratch fever in middle school it was so bad I couldn’t walk since scratch was on my thigh
  17. @Bhvya000: Sorry doctor mike, But iv read the  back of a deodorant bottle. And it says aluminum- xyz. Is that the same thing is t he aluminum metal?
  18. @moaljabriy2125: Love your videos ❤
  19. @cassidy4358: Please do a collab with smosh!
  20. @RomyTostado: 4:29 Mike pulled a House MD move there

- Delivery Driver Takes Back Food After Getting $8 Tip: Kind: captions Language: en this food delivery driver is furious over the tip she got i need to speak to you i don't think you realize where they're coming from so i need to speak to you where what's coming from the driver who delivers for doordash was captured on the homeowner's ring camera i drove 40 minutes and it was extremely far and i got it too early so i don't think you realize where you work from that's a 15 20 minute drive it's not well we decided to check for ourselves the restaurant was in comac new york the house was in smithtown according to google maps that's a 5.5 mile drive and should take only 12 minutes why did you need to adjust your tip to make it right so what was the tip you gave an eight dollar tip what the hell are you looking for i gave him an eight buck i'm gonna bring my that's right she took the food back so who was in the right we went to etiquette expert thomas farley a.k.a mr manners even if you are unhappy with a tip you do not ever penalize the customer by removing the service it'll be the equivalent of a taxi driver not being happy with your tip and saying well i don't like that tip i'm taking you back to where we started and dropping you off there that would not happen doordash told inside edition the actions of the delivery woman were inappropriate and grounds for [Music] deactivation

  Top Comments:
  1. @Francis-c3o [1 likes]: She should lose her job and go to the psych Ward for 72 hours 0:48
  2. @Tritiuminducedfusion [1 likes]: With all the fees they are lucky they get any tip.
  3. @pruthvinedunuri2983: I don't get tipped for doing my job
  4. @TravisTheTimeTraveler: 🤪🤪🤪shame
  5. @slyphwing: $8 is a lot for a tip
  6. @robertweathermon8962: Still to this day, she claims to be a "Victim". Pathetic!
  7. @kason89: "I need to speak to the Manager of this House!" 😂😂😂
  8. @beverlysmith6539: She should find another job! Tips are not mandatory it's if your service was good! WTH with people
  9. @1golfchap: I have never ever tipped my food delivery, I don't tip the postman, or the gas man
  10. @GaryHaines-h3o: Fire that driver
  11. @vass169: would like to know if this was all Doordash did to address this situation
  12. @vass169: Needs to be banned from being a delivery driver
  13. @beatofmyowndrum87: You really needed an "expert" to clarify who was right?!
  14. @TroySlinkard: It shows the tip advance. If you accept a delivery, you need to complete it. You already knew what the tip was. And by accepting deliveries with unacceptable tips, you are screwing over all of the other drivers by telling the customers that the tip is acceptable.
  15. @kl7051: These aren't tips. Customers are paying for a delivery service-the vehicle, the gas and the driver's round trip time. I don't blame the driver or the customer. Door Dash is scamming people. Should be set rate based on time worked and the round trip mileage.
  16. @Nonamegiven2: Deadass I don’t tip
  17. @Mr01andrew: That's called theft...report it to the police as such....let's stamp this entitled behaviour out by prosecutions for theft
  18. @Bygrace314: Yet they don’t say she was fired 🤔
  19. @Joeblo-i9c: I give a $5 tip for a $30 order.The restaurant charges a $5 delivery fee.If that ain't enough find a better job.
  20. @irynalebedyeva7900: The idea of strangers delivering food for a tip is just wrong. It invites creeps - why would anyone do that? Didn’t a FedEx driver kill a girl recently while delivering her presents ? Why letting more strangers than necessary to your home? I’d have a separate home for mail and no strangers. Cleaning people only from agencies with verified backgrounds etc, no delivery people if all sorts, Amazon and mail delivery to a location nearby etc

- Jackie Chan Hilariously Critiques Amateur Stunt People: Kind: captions Language: en to shoot a master of stunts and when it comes to that you about the best at it oh we're gonna have a little fun with you I'm gonna play a video of someone attempting to do a stunt then I'm gonna pause it and then I want you to guess if they complete it two stunts or they fall on their face okay okay all right this is called stunt work or needs work all right all right let's see the first video [Applause] and let me see how high if he do a triple somersault he will ending if the single he fell you know what I mean now because that's a triple one that's a triple one and to him I stay here for just one he fell well if I do the triple I'm dead alright let's see it's okay that's okay no you can't yell it doesn't hurt much no yeah it's alright get your ass up come on let's go we got take two that's how we do I know we're making a movie boom I read tell you okay yeah okay when you say no you're out you run out the job yes yes all right let's see the next one Wow [Music] it he tried to kick here try the here try to kick the yeah yeah he's trying to kick that light wrong shoes wrong pan he got nothing right wrong shoes wrong friends definitely found come on Lucy I'll just go to the nuts me boys oh cool what'd you think Jackie I see here the he jumps to the ground she's tried to jump to the thing I attempt to defend not fast enough come to the grand yes he might hit just like this but he definitely ain't got enough speed to clear that damn fence let's go Jackie let's see that's her that's her he jumped his ass through the gate how did he think he was gonna make that yeah it's not that speed not not fast enough you should yes no no could I see that one one more time I like that would show me that one more time if if he the way he in the end ya know s tu and if the his body in between the end yes he can deal oh oh he was on the in in stunts yeah he back there behind s hey Jackie Chan is an honest sir I've always been a huge fan of hey I'm Steve Harvey you all more of that well don't just sit there go get it press subscribe or click on this list and you can see all the amazing videos you want press it press it

  Top Comments:
  1. @S54321 [27 likes]: 4:04 The way Steve addresses Jackie as "sir" and says he's such a huge fan shows his respect and admiration for a true legend.
  2. @jay_dave8722 [1 likes]: All his predictions were right, he even explained why and he's even confused why the crowd was laughing.
  3. @GeorgeVCohea: I want to see an Actors on Actors episode between Jackie Chan and Tom Cruise.
  4. @Nephilim2001: I dont have many heroes I look up to. But Jackie is one.
  5. @Ba_con55: This is so impressive tbh and what makes it even better is he isnt trying to be funny but his critique is hilarious
  6. @TheTruth70777: He's pretty accurate. Legend thats still with us
  7. @neumann1940: 0:35 LOL he's ready for it !
  8. @jlarruda1986: Jackie Chan is one of the greatest stuntmen ever…such a worldwide treasure
  9. @lilmsgs: Always remember, Steve Harvey is a dimwitted blithering idiot
  10. @S54321: The fact that Jackie could accurately predict the outcomes of the stunts shown in the clips is a testament to his years of personal experience performing complex stunts, which is exactly why he is the legend he is today. 🥋🌟
  11. @davidcooke8005: I mean, if the guy was trying to headbutt the light he nailed it.
  12. @SGFTI: Jackie Chan is one of those people it makes sense they kept their accent. He still lives in China, he still usually speaks Chinese, English is his second language. 

Then you got Arnold who's lived in the U.S. since the 60s, he's spoken English longer than I've been alive and still has the accent.
  13. @spinnettdesigns: Thank you both 😊

Wonderful is all I can say…!

He’s so unattached to ego and such a real man and down to earth (his upbringing no doubt, had a lot to do w it, I hear that it wasn’t easy) that I’m continually delighted by his nature. A living example of real resilience 👏🏻👌🏻

I wish him and his family, so very well ❤
  14. @gjrkoe: Jackie said:"He can 跳! " LOL
  15. @toinilindstrom7130: Jakie best ❤❤❤❤
  16. @astrayelmgod: I'd guess he knows right away because he's done each of those stunts and failed for the same reasons.
  17. @Sensei.shonuff: For jackie to be able to look at a perso. N not only see what need done but he can even tellhow bad the miss hurt
  18. @butwaitihaveaquestion: One of the greatest men in the world, imo. Long time fan. ❤
  19. @butwaitihaveaquestion: 2:49 - I love how he has to stand up to think better. I do the same thing, and I swear it helps. 😂❤
  20. @12parkourdude12: A triple? Yeah...sure Jackie...sure.

- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [39 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  3. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  4. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  5. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  6. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  7. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  8. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  9. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  10. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  11. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  12. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  13. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!
  14. @eyeprops5422: Insurance salespeople are the new You Tubers.
  15. @UniversumMensch: Very good! THX 😁
  16. @KorayJackMariaJungmin: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @Liokeedit: Give me notes of this video
  18. @build-by-vansh: Bro please add hindi audio.
  19. @AaashishKaushik: which tool you use for video editing ?
  20. @antoniaosborne4972: Can you do a video on visual hooks and ideas?

- UNDERSTANDING BELL HOOKS IN 5 MINUTES: Kind: captions Language: en Some people change the world with their words, and&nbsp; bell hooks was one of them. A fearless thinker,&nbsp;&nbsp; a passionate writer, and an educator at heart,&nbsp; she spent her life challenging ideas about race,&nbsp;&nbsp; gender, class, and love. Her words continue to&nbsp; inspire and empower new generations to think&nbsp;&nbsp; critically and act boldly for justice. Let's dive&nbsp; into the life and legacy of this extraordinary&nbsp;&nbsp; woman who reminded us that feminism is for&nbsp; everybody and that love is a revolutionary act. &nbsp; bell hooks was born as Gloria Jean Watkins on&nbsp; September 25, 1952, in Hopkinsville, Kentucky,&nbsp;&nbsp; into a working-class African American family. As&nbsp; one of seven children, she grew up in a segregated&nbsp;&nbsp; environment that exposed her to racism and&nbsp; inequality from an early age. Despite these&nbsp;&nbsp; challenges, she was a bright and curious child&nbsp; who loved books. She attended segregated schools,&nbsp;&nbsp; where teachers encouraged her passion&nbsp; for learning and critical thinking. She later attended Stanford University, where&nbsp; she earned a degree in English literature. She&nbsp;&nbsp; continued her education at the University of&nbsp; Wisconsin-Madison, obtaining a master's degree,&nbsp;&nbsp; and later earned a doctorate from the University&nbsp; of California, Santa Cruz. Her education laid&nbsp;&nbsp; the foundation for her groundbreaking work in&nbsp; feminism, cultural criticism, and education. She chose the pen name "bell hooks"&nbsp; in honor of her great-grandmother,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bell Blair Hooks. But why all lowercase?&nbsp; She wanted people to focus on her work,&nbsp;&nbsp; not her name. This simple but radical act set&nbsp; the tone for her approach-direct, inclusive,&nbsp;&nbsp; and focused on substance over status. bell hooks wasn't just a writer;&nbsp;&nbsp; she was a movement. She wrote over 30&nbsp; books on feminism, race, education,&nbsp;&nbsp; and love, making her one of the most influential&nbsp; thinkers of her time. Her writing was accessible,&nbsp;&nbsp; rejecting the complex jargon of academia so that&nbsp; her ideas could reach as many people as possible. Some of her most impactful books include: * Ain't I a Woman? Black Women and Feminism&nbsp;&nbsp; (1981) - This groundbreaking book revealed&nbsp; how Black women were often overlooked in&nbsp;&nbsp; both the feminist and civil rights movements.&nbsp; She argued that sexism and racism were deeply&nbsp;&nbsp; connected and must be addressed together. * Feminism Is for Everybody (2000) - A clear,&nbsp;&nbsp; engaging guide that explains feminism in a way&nbsp; that welcomes all people into the movement,&nbsp;&nbsp; showing that gender equality benefits everyone. * All About Love: New Visions (2000) - A deeply&nbsp;&nbsp; personal and philosophical look&nbsp; at how love-romantic, self-love,&nbsp;&nbsp; and communal love-can transform society. * Teaching to Transgress: Education as&nbsp;&nbsp; the Practice of Freedom (1994) - This book&nbsp; redefined education as a path to liberation,&nbsp;&nbsp; arguing that learning should be an act&nbsp; of resistance, joy, and empowerment. * The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love&nbsp; (2004) - A bold exploration of toxic masculinity,&nbsp;&nbsp; encouraging men to break free from damaging&nbsp; stereotypes and embrace emotional growth. Despite writing passionately about love&nbsp; and relationships, bell hooks never married&nbsp;&nbsp; and did not have children. Instead,&nbsp; she poured her heart into her work,&nbsp;&nbsp; friendships, and teaching. She was known for&nbsp; her warmth, humor, and ability to challenge&nbsp;&nbsp; people in ways that made them think deeply&nbsp; about the world and their place in it. She taught at prestigious institutions like&nbsp; Yale, Oberlin College, and Berea College,&nbsp;&nbsp; always emphasizing the power of education to&nbsp; inspire change. Her classroom was never just&nbsp;&nbsp; about lectures-it was a space for critical&nbsp; discussion, liberation, and transformation. bell hooks reshaped feminism by making it more&nbsp; inclusive and emphasizing its connection to race&nbsp;&nbsp; and class struggles. She reminded the world&nbsp; that feminism isn't just for women-it's about&nbsp;&nbsp; dismantling oppression for everyone. She also&nbsp; championed love as a political act, urging people&nbsp;&nbsp; to embrace compassion and vulnerability as a&nbsp; way to fight against systems of domination. Her ideas are still relevant today, influencing&nbsp; activists, educators, and anyone committed to&nbsp;&nbsp; justice. In an era where inequality persists,&nbsp; hooks' work serves as a powerful guide for&nbsp;&nbsp; building a more just and loving society. bell hooks passed away on December 15, 2021,&nbsp;&nbsp; but her impact is far from over. Her words&nbsp; continue to inspire, her lessons continue to&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge, and her vision for a better world&nbsp; lives on in those who read her work. Whether&nbsp;&nbsp; you're new to her ideas or a longtime admirer,&nbsp; one thing is certain: bell hooks didn't just&nbsp;&nbsp; write about change-she was the change. So the next time you hear someone ask,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Why does feminism matter?" or "What's love got to&nbsp; do with social justice?" just hand them a copy of&nbsp;&nbsp; Feminism Is for Everybody or All About Love and&nbsp; say, "Let me introduce you to bell hooks."

  Top Comments:
  1. @tibrown1653 [3 likes]: Beautiful explanation!! Reading all about love and wanted to get more info on this genius!
  2. @whatsoever036 [1 likes]: Oh this is beautiful!! I have only started reading her essay.. "Understanding Patriarchy" & your video is amazing when I'm only starting to read her through also the name your channel itself Immortal! How cool is that!
  3. @welcomexnewlin8144: hello, is there any way to contact you? I need someone for a new project, i like youir work
  4. @dionnetate4194: Thank you for sharing your research on bell hooks.  I learned a lot and enjoyed listening to your video. 📚🙏🏽

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [64 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  3. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  4. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  5. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  6. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  7. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??
  8. @kavithashekar8751: This was killer. Thank you very much!!!!
  9. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لاتوجد دبلجه بلغة العربية
  11. @thee.zaraa0: Hey can someone explain me 4th point i cant understand
  12. @princessriley3335: Statistics
  13. @Gregorymalcollm: Cara que legal, vou continuar te acompanhando e te conheci por esse vídeo e me identifiquei demais com o jeito que você se organiza porque eu sou assim também muito obrigado❤
  14. @Vexus_Blox: 6:21
  15. @Krishbusinessinsight: Thanks bro ❤
  16. @AdviserLK: Thank you mate, your content has really helped me out
  17. @AweakanStar: omg thank you i watched a lot of viedeos but you are differnt you helped me a lot
  18. @Banana_025: Top😊
  19. @donathewriter: Hey is this guy AI ?
  20. @XanderBelarmino: Also the hand gestures has effects

- Ricky Montgomery - Line Without a Hook (Official Lyric Video): Kind: captions Language: en i don't really give a damn about the way you touch me when we're alone you can hold my hand if no one's do you like it when i'm away if i wouldn't hurt my body baby would you love [Music] and i found oh baby i am a wreck when i'm without you i need you here to stay i broke all if oh when i'm without you i need you here to stay i broke all my bones that day i found you crying at the legs i is it in between and in my eyes there is a tiny dancer watching over me he's singing and she's she's a lady and i am just when i'm without something i said to you you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheodoreKhonghat [15 likes]: Anyone at 19th may 2026
  2. @HafizLukman-mp2ks [1 likes]: .
  3. @zexmigaming [1 likes]: I think i am nothing for her eyes
  4. @kurnia-z7k [1 likes]: 20 may anyone???
  5. @Its_Random123: I will do it again
  6. @Its_Random123: I did my best
  7. @DINANORAYLE: She's a she's a lady
  8. @dhungelshristi: anyone 2026🌼?
  9. @ChenYanMei-wm4ue: Everytime I hear this song ,I miss you Howl🌻Can you come back to me one day?please!
  10. @zenitsu-e-i: Anyone 2026
  11. @Anggahow: I don't really give a damn about the way you touch me
When we're alone
You can hold my hand
If no one's home
Do you like it when I'm away?
If I went and hurt my body, baby
Would you love me the same?
I can feel all my bones coming back
And I'm craving motion
Mama never really learned how to live by herself

It's a curse
And it's growing
You're a pond and I'm an ocean
Oh, all my emotions
Feel like explosions when you are around
And I've found a way to kill the sounds, oh

Oh, baby, I am a wreck when I'm without you
I need you here to stay
I broke all my bones that day I found you
Crying at the lake
Was it something I said to make you feel like you're a burden?
Oh, and if I could take it all back
I swear that I would pull you from the tide

Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa
I said no, I said no
Listen close, it's a no
The wind is a-pounding on my back
And I found hope in a heart attack
Oh, at last, it is past
Now I've got it, and you can't have it

Oh, baby, I am a wreck when I'm without you
I need you here to stay
I broke all my bones that day I found you
Crying at the lake
Was it something I said to make you feel like you're a burden? Oh
And if I could take it all back
I swear that I would pull you from the tide

Darling, when I'm fast asleep
I've seen this person watching me
Saying, "Is it worth it? Is it worth it? Tell me, is it worth it?"

'Cause there is something, and there is nothing
There is nothing in between
And in my eyes, there is a tiny dancer
Watching over me, he's singing
"She's a, she's a lady, and I am just a boy"
He's singing, "She's a, she's a lady, and I am just a line without a hook"

Oh, baby, I am a wreck when I'm without you
I need you here to stay
Broke all my bones that day I found you
Crying at the lake
Was it something I said to make you feel like you're a burden? Oh
And if I could take it all back
I swear that I would pull you from the tide
  12. @Aria-s1q: 3:08 If you’re looking for the she’s a lady part specifically
  13. @helsonfedillaga: Others:😢😢😢


                 👁️
            👁️👃👁️
Ricky:✋👄🤚
  14. @ShanmathiMuthukumar: 3:09 fantastic lines ❤🙌🫴
  15. @tuksngfbhewrweag: IM IF SO ALONE
  16. @sleepynotess: Heyy this is the future
  17. @freespace2420: I love her man, i really love her 

But she see me like a best (closest) friend out of all in college 
I haven't confessed yet we are in same college she is in a long distance but that's weak and guess what she has developed crush on one of the boy in our batch
  18. @kurnia-z7k: 2026 and still related with ts song
  19. @kurnia-z7k: hope she will with me
  20. @kurnia-z7k: miss ex

- Viral hooks for ecommerce brands: start with the end in mind. A case study.: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] free audio postproduction by Al phonic.com to this video about DBS chocolates and why they're a great e-commerce brand and what they actually did was starting just with verality in mind so they designed a product just based on uniqueness and word of mouths that it would generate so what did they do well they added certain elements to chocolates that made them more erotic and this really has a viral component because obviously couples can talk about them and prove or show the results which makes people curious and makes them buy it and based on that they were able to also expand into other products such as grof which will give you more energy they also have chill to wind down and all of these sprs are something that works really well on social media so this is where TOS really shine so they worked with a lot of influencers and they obviously used the hook of talking about the special effects of this chocolates and then based on the winner or organic content that they saw going viral they actually placed more advertisements around it uh they used the winning hooks with other creators as well to really push this type of chocolate uh out and make people more Curious and therefore really building hype and momentum around the brands so as you can see they really have a lot of social media posts and this allows them to build up momentum and yeah just show people results influencers results and then influencers are motivated because they see that other influencers are earning money so they want to join their program as well and as you can see what they did really well was increasing the average order value by adding all these products and they have different colors they have different variations and this actually pushes the product price up until more than $70 which is a great price point also to run Facebook ads and rewards the influencers and they have some more explanation about the ingredients so yeah their landing page is actually quite simple showing the products and can obviously click on the products for more information let's do that so instead of starting with a problem or product itself they really aimed for a product that had a viral component in it which is brilliant because it worked really well and um this was their first product and now they're expanding to other products that also have a viral elements and as you can see their land Landing pitch is very visual so they explain why the product is so great they also have wonderful packaging spend a lot of time and energy on that as well explaining how it works and also creating packs with combinations of products so as you can see they have been big product line with several complementing products let's take a look at proof as well and this one focuses on energy obviously also something that a lot of people crave say mention it's very easy to use and consume once again the form factor of the product makes it super interesting because it's not a drink or it's something that stands out like it's a great hook because you're curious what's going on and from there they push their products so I think what they did great was always keeping the viral components in mind so that they can push the product on Tik Tok and get it really going in an organic way so that was a quick look at Taps thank you for watching this video And subscribe for more e-commerce content thank you and have a great day free audio post production by off phonic.com

- Cheetos l Other Hand l Case Study l Cannes Lions 2025: Kind: captions Language: en I can't wait to taste it. Here we go. Have you ever thought about which hand you use to eat Cheetos? No. Well, we did. It turns out that 99% of people eat Cheetos with their dominant hand, which means they have to do everything else with their other hand. Even barbers. What do you think? Sketch artists, Mr. Guy. Dark players, bakers, football players, and even plastic surgeons. How's it look? Even drivers in New York City. So, we saw this, right? What the hell? Even out of home installers and calligraphers and photographers and illustrators and even the operator of the Las Vegas sphere. Even advertising copyrighters even NBA champion Jamal Murray missing on high fives. even the best font designers in the world who designed the worst font in the world that people actually downloaded and used. Even package designers. Yo, there's a misprint hot Cheeto bag. Even people doing other hand challenges on social media. Even case study editors. Okay, I think we've proved our point. The entire campaign made people think about the way they eat Cheetos, which made them think about eating Cheetos, which made them buy more Cheetos. Using your other hand, it's a Cheetos thing. Cheetos. That's a good one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tysongoudie2568 [1 likes]: I’d say it’s a solid campaign but I live in a major US city and this is my first time ever seeing any part of this campaign
  2. @misamcconnell5135: The package design got me 💀

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- How to use psychology to hack viewers brains (& make more money): Kind: captions Language: en the best way to grow any business is better content it's a cheat code and the only thing holding you back from making better content is understanding the psychology of how viewers act online so I'm going to break down that psychology show you a bunch of different examples and then show you the Tactical changes that you should make to your content to drive better outcomes now I've used this framework to grow my personal channels from zero to half a million followers in 18 months I've also helped many Brands behind the scenes dramatically level up their content thinking with this same method and it works because it's not some secret formula it's just understanding basic human behavior in the context of social media all marketing boils down to one simple principle can you get the viewer or listener or reader to feel an emotion that will most compel them to take an action so emotion to action that's what we want now not all emotions Trigger action love for example is an extremely strong emotion but it doesn't always trigger an action if you love someone and you see something that makes you of them you may message them but love alone is not closely tied to purchase and purchase is the action we're looking for because if someone would be willing to purchase they're for sure going to sign up for your newsletter or share your thing so we're looking for emotions that drive purchase now there's one emotion above all others that best triggers purchase fear and I'm not talking about chainsaw in the woods type fear I'm talking about foma it's fom's cousin fear of missing anything anytime you watched content and it compelled you to buy subconcious iously you were afraid of missing out or losing something or dying early or not being healthy enough or not being enough or not being cool Etc no matter how long the thread if you pull long enough the subconscious motivation behind almost every purchase is fear let's say you see a piece of content about chocolates and flowers that are on sale for Valentine's Day you have a wife or husband or boyfriend or girlfriend that you buy these for and you may say it wasn't fear I wasn't afraid of them I bought them cuz I love them and yeah that's true you're not afraid of them but deep down you bought them because you were afraid that they wouldn't know how much you cared about them it's the fear of them not knowing that pushed the purchase not the love or even worse for some people in that scenario they'll buy them because they fear their partner will be upset if they don't so to quell that subconscious fear they buy buying the chocolates and flowers is a sign of love but the fear of them not knowing or the fear of them being upset is the reason you purchase let's take another example let's say you see a video about a gut supplement that improves your digestive system so you buy it now why did you buy it it's not because you like taking supplements or even because you want to be healthy it's really because you fear the consequences of being unhealthy and in extreme cases dying so the fear of something is the most potent emotion that you can make a customer feel that will compel them to purchase and this happens on big stages too why do McKenzie Bane and BCG have billion dooll businesses basically telling Executives what they already know because those Executives fear the wrath of their board or their shareholders or their bosses for not having done the research to back that decision it's fear cya now the big question is how do we adjust our content to drive more fear so that purchases go up because the obvious answer is not going to work if you start every piece of content with you're going to die soon or you're going to get fired people will think you're a whack job and they will lose trust and the only thing that can counteract the pull from Fear to buy is the push to not buy from lack of trust so we can't afford to sacrifice trust the art of content and marketing and persuasion and copyrighting is to make someone feel that fear without explicitly saying it so how do we do this the best way is to show an example of someone or something that they relate to experiencing that fear in the same way and making them make the leap so for example let's say you're selling a course about learning how to code a beginner at content may say something like I just made the best course for coding or there's a hundred different modules in my course but most people will look right past that because it doesn't trigger the fear it's highlighting the features and features don't sell fear sells instead better content might be talking about how other Industries are firing a lot of people but the one that isn't is software development this would subconsciously instill the fear that a non-developer might lose their job and so by taking the coding course and becoming a developer they may be able to protect themsel and it doesn't all have to be negative in this way it could play out in every scenario in every industry let's say you launch a new brand of running shoes you may pay cool famous athletes to wear them and you're doing that because it appeals to Runners who are afraid of not being cool this is obviously a very popular Playbook and what most clothing brands do but it's very crowded and easy to see through because so many people do it another angle for shoes might be to say that you are building them for longevity because they're specifically designed to protect your ankles which will appeal to Runners who are afraid of not being able to walk when they're older or arthritis or a number of health conditions this would obviously be a much deeper fear and a smaller audience but way stickier now here's a tactical tip a good way to hide the fear is to bake it into a curiosity loop at the beginning of the content for the foot Paine shoe example you might start content with Nikes being sued for all these Runners injuries or 90% of 80-year-olds can't walk because they wore this brand of shoes the Curiosity Loop of what you're talking about makes people want to hear more and it makes them not think directly about the fear the fear slides to the subconscious but they of course hear it so the framework is step one figure out who your Target customer is that's really key step two figure out what their biggest fears are as a collective step three figure out how to message or show that fear coming to life without expl itly saying it and this Nuance this art is where the gold is but this is only the first half of the equation the second half is showing that your product is the best solve to quell the fear so if someone's afraid of that foot injury and you make a chart showing the percent of injury for every Footwear brand and yours is the best that might be a way to show that your brand is best designed to solve that fear and now this is a really key point on the content side the goal is to establish the fear immediately and then compress the time that it takes to demonstrate the value that your your product could be the solve in other words you want to show that your stuff solves the fear as early as possible in the content you can give lots of other deeper examples throughout the content but you want to demonstrate value as soon as you can now what does this mean let's keep going with the foot pain shoe example if you spend the first 90 seconds of a 2-minute video hammering the foot pain and talking about the injury over and over without demonstrating value it's possible that many viewers that feel this pain will churn before you get to the last 30 seconds talking about the product because it's so intense the fear and pain is so intense they don't want to listen to it but if they know that you have a solve that might be coming later they might stick around that's why the best marketing messaging clearly establishes a fear teases the solve presses on the fear to amplify and then gives the rest of the solve when fear is at a maximum that's the cycle and this Loop works for any product any brand any time any channel it always works so to revisit the full framework step one figure out who your Target customer is step two figure out what their deepest fears are at as a collective step three figure out how to message that fear coming to life without saying it explicitly step four tease the solve for that fear as soon as possible step five amplify the fear and step six demonstrate the solve by now you probably get it but let me show you two examples of me doing this in practice also if you like the way I think about this stuff I write this thing called wavy where I break down viral content and extract the best learnings and Frameworks out of it my goal is to make this like a god tier resource for anybody that makes content mark marketers Founders creators people are loving it if you want it links in the description now for the examples it's important to note that number of views is actually not the most important metric here the most important metric is dollar conversion views Grows by shares dollars Grows by actions it's of course helpful to have views and shares to get more eyes on something if it's optimized but in this video I'm talking about optimizing for dollar conversion I'll make another video in the future talking specifically about the views and just amplifying the number if that's what you're interested in so for conversion this is a good example of a video I made it's about this thing called brick which is a super simple productivity tool that helps you block out apps on your phone for certain periods of time let's watch the first part of this video together ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well this thing just fix that it's called brick and it changed everything for me but before I get into why I just got to say this is not sponsored I'm making this video because the brick has become my single biggest productivity hack what I needed was a way to temporarily disable social media before bed on walks in the gym when I'm working I was at the point where I'd be scrolling for hours without even noticing now this video drove over $10,000 in sales for Brick and only took me 2 hours to make and to break it down first I hammered the paint which is the fear of missing out on life because the phone is controlling you and this was a bit more on the explicit side because I find with short form video the shorter the medium is the more explicit you need to be on hammering the fear because you just don't have as much time to establish with multiple sentences so I try to be pretty explicit in short form videos with long form videos videos and other formats you have a little bit more time to establish that fear now the second sentence well this thing just fixed that it's called brick and it changed everything for me that's creating a curiosity Loop people are like what is that but it's also teasing that I have some solve it's this brick device the third part is me saying what I needed was to temporarily disable social media so this is me pressing on the fear pressing on the pain and then the fourth part is me breaking down how Brick Works and what the solve actually is by the end if someone watched this and they also experienced the pain of scrolling too much and feeling they were missing life this is going to be a perfect solve for them it was an Impulse buy and so it converted highly here's the second example in the same category I actually used this as inspiration for the brick video so the hook is the same this is called The Light phone which is a super minimal zero screen phone where you can't use social media let's watch this video together you ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well these guys invented the light phone and as soon as I saw it I knew it was a home run the design is super simple intentionally it's meant to give you back control over your dopamine you've got the ability to call and text and a couple other tools like podcast music notes and directions but that's it no social media no anxiety inducing notifications no internet browsing it's a phone as a tool not a Vie the screen is a black and white matte finish like what you see on a Kindle and because of that there's no blue light messing with your eyes or internal clock now these guys didn't pay me to say this but I think I'm going to get one of these it's $2.99 and honestly some weekends I just want to get rid of my iPhone and be more present this is the first thing I've seen that would let me do that while still being able to get around and get in touch with my friends what do you guys think does this resonate or did they take it too far from the mainstream so for the first part I use the same hook here really talking about the fear of missing life fomo of missing life because you're on your phone and then the second part was teasing the solve teasing the phone saying well these guys invented a solve and it's I knew it was going to be a home run the Light phone showing it that's kind of teasing that solve and then in this case the rest of the video was actually me intertwining the amplification of the fear and the solve because short form is so compressed I didn't have a lot of time to show here's the fear you're losing dopamine you're losing control and then separately show the solve so I kind of intertwined it but you can see both of those components here this video got 2.3 million views and I think it crashed their website the team reached out I'm pretty sure it flooded them with orders now it's important to establish that not every piece of content is designed to drive purchase otherwise it would be a pretty uneventful and not fun internet but in my mind every piece of content should be designed to have the viewer take some action whether that's to sign up for a newsletter or to follow or something else if it's a newsletter the fear should be eliciting the fear of not knowing certain information which would make someone subscribe you can either do that by making a video that's so good that it pulls them into your bio looking for other sources of information and subscribing or you can just say if you want to stay up to date follow and that creates that fear that lack of information all right I can talk about this forever I'm going to end the video here thank you guys so much for watching if you like this video you like how I talk about psychology and marketing strategy make sure to like And subscribe and we will see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [3 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Odin.Putra..0 [1 likes]: Please please please please please please please please 🙏🙏🙏🙏 provide this video in Hindi language ❤from 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  3. @woxywanders [1 likes]: i hope i can like this video 5x 
This is Gold! Thank you! Just subscribed! Keep it up, Sir!
  4. @senttientt [1 likes]: hey. i wanted to thank you for the incredibly educational content you put out there. you’re truly brilliant, you deserve everything you’ve achieved and more. thank you so much 💙💙
  5. @hanami_bloom: Wow this content is the best. I love the useful knowledge I get.
  6. @HéctorEstrada-t2p4m: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @HumanChaptersHub: very nice
  8. @CJ-jc-d6c: Can you do a gaming focused video on hooks? I’m great at audience retention but I’m god awful at hooking. Specifically for gaming videos. I can hook really well in my music videos but not gaming
  9. @HellavatorGrowup: This is really usefull for me but I really need Persian subtitle
  10. @tropevp33: It is interesting that you use fear to get attention, have you thought other emotions?
  11. @TrungTran-wd3wi: I would like to add that there are two main types of fear, the first is the fear of not being loved (by family, friends), the second is the fear of not having enough (not enough money, not enough health, not enough time), these are the two biggest fears of humans.
  12. @LucasJR7: 8:10
  13. @MilquetoastQT: 3:05 : I don't know, man. Works for Alex Jones 😂
  14. @BOOKED_PROSPERS: 2:36 Well that's half true. 

There is also another huge emotion that compels people to buy that yummy looking candy, or make a bad decision with a pretty girl.

Desire. 

Fear & desire are the 2 most compelling emotions that drive purchase
  15. @X_The_Android: 8:19 "This is NOT sponsored," yet you somehow have access to information of how many Bricks that ""not ad"" sold.
  16. @XBMotivates: Your videos and so helpful. Thank you!
  17. @TheSilentInfluence: You're a GOAT❤
  18. @GatewayintoComics: Hail Thine Inmost Self
  19. @ArtIntel-y1e: amazing
  20. @ajeetyadav1111a: From when I got your Channel i am watching each video of yours one by one ... 07 Done out of 35 ❤❤

- 18 Psychology Tricks to Get Viewers Addicted to Your Videos: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to engineer your storytelling to get a viewer to think and act how you want and if you can do this on command you win now I have over a million followers done a billion views and this one thing has been the biggest cheat code to my success it is the foundational building block that powers everything and I'm just going to give it to you this is my full content psychology Playbook 18 different tricks that you can use to get people addicted to your videos without them knowing it all right so I boil down every video into six steps think of these like Gates or checkpoints and I need to get the viewer through these six checkpoints before they bounce or the video flops now for each one I use a combination of different psychology hacks to pull them through and I'm going to break down each one of those hacks and how you can use them in your videos okay so the first major checkpoint in any video is paino acceptance before you do anything else you have to get the viewer to feel whatever pain point it is you're solving for in the video usually the core pain stems from not having enough money time health or access those are the four horsemen of pain and there's many ways to frame a pain but at a base level before you do anything else in the video the viewer has to feel a pain point now I can already hear the skep iics in the nose beds what about entertainment style content like Mr Beast or Minecraft videos there's no pain point in those and you're 100% right those are pure entertainment plays and those can work but my take is that if you're playing for pure entertainment the competition is much much steeper because you're competing against family time Hollywood grade movies Mr Beast himself the Instagram feed reading in bed if you're not an absolute Pro you're going to lose the entertainment game but if you're solving a specific paino all of a sudden you fit into a different category in the viewer's brain and if your goal is to make money online Value First paino driven content is the best way to do it okay so checkpoint one is making them accept the pain now what are the exact psychological hacks to get them to do this I have four methods the first one is by going one standard deviation away from the pain to trick them into accepting it so let me explain what that means the key with content is getting a viewer to opt into accepting they have a paino without triggering their be s detector it's like robbing a bank if you trip the red wire the alarms will go off and they're going to call the police you remember when I said all core pain stem from not having time money health or access well the problem is if you come out directly and say something like if you want to make more money do this it often triggers their BS detector and they'll dismiss you and this happens because most viewers are smart and they think to themselves Well it can't be that easy right this must be nonsense and so then they start second guessing what you're saying and this is all happening subconsciously because of their psychology once the BS detector is tripped in their mind you've lost them because now they don't trust you so this is where the one standard deviation away hack comes in sometimes it could be easier to get someone to opt into a pain by going one standard deviation away from what they actually want and having them make the leap themselves for example let's take the pain of trying to grow on social media that's what I talk about most people want to grow on social media because they think it'll help them make more money they don't actually want to spend 40 hours a week making videos they want the money but the beauty is that most people assume that if they grow on social media they will make money they treat them as the same so targeting the pain that they aren't growing their social channels fast enough is a way to disarm them on the money pain without triggering their BS detector they will make the leap that you helping them with social media will help them make more money which is what they really want and to prove this is the case if you look at all of my videos on my YouTube channel anytime I talk specifically about making more money those videos don't perform very well but anytime I talk about specifics of making better videos or new social trends for growing faster people associate that with making more money and those videos crush and this isn't an accident this is psychology at work so the specific tactic here is understanding which of the four horsemen base pains you're targeting and then figuring out how to go one standard deviation away to solve a tactical problem all right the second hack for trying to get a viewer to accept the paino is what I call twisting the knife here your goal is to remind the viewer of their paino and the frustration that they've been experiencing because they haven't solved it twist the knife the best way to do this tactically no surprise is to talk about the pain point and that frustration as bluntly and directly as possible so for example I might say something like if you've been struggling with storytelling I've been there I know how hard it is this reminds them of the struggle and deepens the Gap it seems obvious but this is adding Tinder to the burning fire of them wanting to solve the problem also fomo and jealousy are other great ways to remind them of this frustration and deepen the pain all right the third psychology hack for getting a viewer to accept the pain point is what I call an audience of one and this is very simple speak to them directly don't use the word I use the word you make it about them make them the main character make them think about themselves and their unique situation I use the word you more than any other word in my videos it's like a teacher yelling hey you to a group of kindergarteners right it stuns them immediately and makes them lock back in I also try in my delivery to make it seem like I'm talking directly to you and no one else and this comes mostly from tone and Rhythm which you have to just adjust over time the best way to do this is observe two people having a conversation and then try to mimic that tone and Rhythm nobody wants a preacher they want a friend again these things seem obvious and I'm going to show you an example in a second about why they're so powerful but I'm telling you stacking these on top of each other creates this deep pain Point all right the fourth and last hack for getting a user to accept the paino is to create the paino solution Gap you need them to realize that there is both a paino to be solved and a gap between between where they are today and where they want to be you can do this tactically by literally moving your hands from one side to the other or you could use Graphics or you could continue to Pepper examples showing the distance between where they are and where they want to be as you can tell and I've heard this in the comments I find the hands thing to be super helpful with this now you don't have to do all four of those hacks all together every single video but by doing these four things you make them aware of the right pain frame it so it applies to them specifically and build an urgency for them to figure out how to close the gap if you do this you have them Hook Line and Sinker through that first checkpoint and they are super eager to find out what comes next now I'm going to show you an example the first three checkpoints all happen in the hook of the video in the first 10 to 30 seconds so I'm really breaking it down but this happens super super quickly getting them through those first three checkpoints let's review the hook that I used in this video just a couple minutes ago and I'm going to show you exactly how I do this in practice by the way the reason you're still watching is because I use this exact psychology hack to hook you so if you're wondering if it works it works today we're talking about about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to all right so here's the transcript of the first half of the hook for this video and I'm going to color code each of the four psychology hacks that deal with this first paino checkpoint now the first line is just me setting context that it's about psychology I kind of had to do that then immediately I start twisting the knife using jealousy I say by all your favorite creators now I could have started by explicitly stating the pain itself like you're trying to grow on social media through video but that is implied by me using Creator so at this point subconsciously you feel this frustration cuz you want to grow like your favorite creators but you haven't figured it out I'm reminding you of that frustration subconsciously that deepens the paino Gap if you want your videos to perform better so I'm saying it directly right here again I know every single person watching this wants to make money that's why they're trying to grow on social media so this is the one standard deviation away from the core Four Horseman pain now that rolls directly into the paino solution Gap if you want better videos paino you need to understand psychology solution and this is all happening in real time but like 7 seconds in I've already kind of got you deeply reminded of the pain jealous about the other creators and interested in how to solve it happens fast now because psychology as a concept is kind of high level and not clear I decided to use another line to reiterate exactly what I'm talking about and how you can apply it to making better videos so I say psychology is how you engineer people to do and act how you want and if you do this you can win again paino solution Gap if you do this you can win now the last thing to highlight is how many times I use the word you in the first half of this hook nine times and I use the word I zero this is also intentional this video video is not about me it's about you it's about helping you solve the pain I'm not talking about me yet now I spent so much time on checkpoint one in this video so far because again if you can't get the viewer to accept that there's a pain point you lose do not pass go there is no reason to continue you have to nail this first now before I go on to the next checkpoints why does this work so well it works so well because human brains are problem-solving machines if you give a brain a problem it is designed to figure out how to solve it by starting with the problem in the video script we are hacking the viewers neurochemistry to get them to pay attention to it and this first step is critical because it aligns their subconscious on the problem so that you can tell them the rest of the story before watching the video they may not have been problem aware or if they knew the problem they weren't consciously focusing so you need to angle their attention on the problem and then continue okay so this is checkpoint one at this point the viewer is now deeply problem aware and interested in figuring out how to solve it all right before I move on and there is some gold coming up I just got to say guys nobody talks about content the way I do I've looked so far for people to make videos like this and there just aren't any I take all of this and I put it for free in the description in my free community wavy world my free newsletter content. game I want you guys to win I think there's so much opportunity for everyone to win the way they want so I give it all for free make sure you check the description if you like the way I talk about this stuff all right let's keep going okay so as soon as the viewer is aware of the paino The Next Step checkpoint two you need to immediately Sprint to trust you you need them to trust you ASAP you essentially have between 10 and 30 seconds after they accept that a problem is real to pass their BS detector for them to trust that you're the type of person that could solve it if they sense that you don't know what you're talking about that you don't have proof that you've done this before or that you don't have the answer they're going to bounce and you lose them and this checkpoint 2 is another make or break moment in Psychology hacking do they trust you so what are the ways to get them to trust you this is the list in order from most effective to least effective the best in top of the list is proof that you have solved this problem for someone just like them this is why On Target case studies and testimonials are so critical it's why they're all over sales Pages if a viewer sees themselves in a success story that you have they immediately trust that you can do this for them if you don't have a testimonial of you doing this for others the next best case is proof that you've done it for yourself this proves that you can do it but they may not trust you as much as the testimonial if they don't see themselves in you the third highest trust Builder would be massive social followings on any account ideally the account you're on or a prei cosign from someone that they trust social followings basically prove that you are trusted and vetted by many at scale this helps decrease their fear that you don't know what you're talking about the fourth is evidence that you have been in their shoes and you are not in their shoes anymore this doesn't necessarily mean that you were the one that controlled the transformation but it does mean you have underwent the transformation so you at least know where they have been and where they want to go Fifth and this is second from the bottom is Common Ground anything you can do to build common ground between them and you just to build rapport and then last but I think still effective is the overall look and quality of your presentation of the information the studio the audio the confidence the posture the way the whole package is put together if you come off like you know what you're doing they will subconsciously start to trust you a little bit this alone isn't going to get you there but it's helpful icing on the top and this look thing this is why most sales people wear suits there's a reason why people do the things they do why they put testimonials on their sites why sales people wear suits is because they're trying to build trust now like I said you don't need the full one through six list to be true if you have any one of the top three you're probably good that's all you need but if you don't you may need multiple of the bottom three the bigger the ask the more trust required the deeper the pain the less trust required now I have three super quick psychological hacks that go one level deeper for how you actually facilitate this trust transfer so the first one around proof this is going to sound stupidly obvious but use screenshots of the testimonials bank statements a B tests before and afters social followings some visual proof is usually all you need to justify credibility that you've done what you say and it usually just takes one or two of these flashed rapidly and then the trust is built now if you have no proof you need to build common ground or show that you've been in their shoes before and even if you try this it may not stick but you have to try something the best way to build common ground is to hack their subconscious Psychology by saying things like I've been exactly where you are I've gone through this same thing I know what it feels like right saying those things helps build empathy empathy and Common Ground between them and you at this point if you don't have proof they are running the BS filter scan in their head absorbing everything trying to vet do I trust them do I trust them and I'll be honest the longer they're running that BS scan the less chance you have so you really want to establish trust as quickly as possible now in addition to building Common Ground an easy way to hack their trust like I said is having a professional setup this is a huge way to increase trust because when you're small and you have no credibility you have no proof but people see you have a legit set up immediately in their mind they're wondering wait how does this person not have any proof how does this person not have any wins he has such a great setup she has such a great setup they actually start to root for you in a weird way it inverts that's why having this professional look is so critical again if you have crazy proof you can record on a lowquality 720p camera in your underwear but if you don't have any proof this is a way to kind of elevate yourself without having done anything else again this trust checkpoint is critical if the viewer does not trust you they're not going to continue watching and you lose now one note on this at the beginning of your journey making content the reason why it takes so long to grow initially is because you don't have proof for credibility and so a low fraction of people trust you long enough to listen to your information that's why it takes so long to get those first thousand 2,000 5,000 subscribers but as you get some trust as you grow you start to build a following people then trust the following and the cosign is easier from people and then the compounding continues this is why it takes so long to grow at the beginning because you don't have trust I actually didn't start making YouTube videos until I had half a million followers on Instagram and Tik Tok and this was strategic I didn't want to risk spending $1,000 per YouTube video on editing and thumbnails until I knew that I had at least number three on that list of credibility now I actually do have almost a million followers I actually have driven over a billion views I actually have done the transformation myself and I know the answer so it's easy for you to trust me because I have these things so I now have proof figuring this out for myself I have big social followings I've been where you were because I used to not Plus I speak directly to entrepreneurs and builders that were like me so I have established Common Ground I also spent a ton of time and money building out this set so of the list of six 2 3 4 5 six I have all of them except the top one and now for the top one I have an Academy of entrepreneurs that I'm teaching the methods to I'm also getting cold DMS of people that are using my YouTube videos to get traction on their own so very soon I'll have the top one as well I will have the full six and this is really important to me because to me everything I do is optimize to build trust that's why I give the answers away I want everyone to trust me because I want to help people I genuinely do and so that goes back and forth and it helps build the trust immediately okay so that's checkpoint two so to reorient us the viewer has now accepted that a pain point is there they want to solve and they now trust you as a potential vehicle that could solve it so what comes next okay so checkpoint three is plan of attack as soon as they feel like the paino applies to them and they trust you as someone that may solve it immediately they want to know if you have a plan for doing doing so if you don't share a legit plan they will then churn so there are two things you need to do here in checkpoint 3 you need to share that you have a plan and explain why your plan is different than anything else they've seen before the first one is to create the point of difference between your plan and everyone else's now the easiest way to create the point of difference is to create contrast between what they've commonly seen and what you believe your contrarian take right so if they want to accomplish X and everyone says to do y and you say to do Z and you can convince them that Z is better they will hold to see what Z is the brain constantly is looking for easier better faster ways to solve their problem so if you create the problem and they trust you as a solve for it and you suggest something that may be different than what they've seen before they are going to be so curious that they will wait to find out what it is this is building that point of difference the contrast the Curiosity Loop whatever you call it that's how you do it now the other psychology hack here once you establish you have a point of difference immediately they want to know what is your plan now people like structure they like order they like alignment structure helps them remember things when they remember things they feel smart when they feel smart they associate feeling smart with you as the person that makes them feel smart and they trust you more so the best way to deliver the plan in structure is a list these are my five tips for doing X these are my 18 psychology hacks present your thoughts in a structured list the brain is very good at understanding numbers and chunking things down into steps that's how we learn everything as a kid if you jump into your tactics in the video without teeing it up as a list without putting a structure around it people will feel lost and confused if they're lost and confused they turn so now for the last time I'm going to pull up my full Hook from this video one more time and I'm going to show you how I walk through creating the list and creating the point of difference okay now I actually embedded the point of difference a little bit earlier like two birds one stone I talked about this in the paino section but this is the point of difference so I said if you want to grow on social media you need Psychology but not psychology in a book you need to understand how to implement psychology to hack viewers brains to do and act how you want there's kind of two points of difference there there's growth you think it's this I say psych ology there's psychology you think it's book learning I say it's actually implementing in videos there's actually two subconsciously there and I did it earlier instead of later because I'm trying to use the fewest amount of sentences I figured it was two birds one stone now the ordered Lis thing comes later obviously this is me saying I have 18 psychology hacks I have a full Playbook this is me presenting the plan to you and then right after I finish the hook I then reiterate that there are six checkpoints and those checkpoints or stage Gates I say it again because I don't want 18 to feel overwhelming so I say six again to break it down that's how important it is to explain things with structure and this all happened in 24 seconds across 12 sentences if you can pull a viewer through these three checkpoints as fast as possible they will then be primed for the rest of the video okay so at this point the viewer has accepted there's a paino to solve they trust you and they know you have a plan to solve it so there's just one big question left and this is one that matters so so much do they want you to be the one to solve it for them do they like you this is likability the number one psychological hack or checkpoint or bucket to get people addicted to your content is to make them like you enough to want to watch it people disarm their inhibitions when they genuinely like a person I'm not just talking about physical attraction do they like the energy and brand that you bring forward this is critical and as someone who's typically monotone I have brought my energy up to create this likeability or at least I hope if you're watching this I hope you like the way I'm presenting this I have three psychological hacks to improve your likeability if you're a Creator now the first first one the biggest one is energy people act like mirrors if you give low energy they will receive that and start giving low energy back if you have high energy it's infectious the easiest way to get people to resonate with your content on a psychological level is to bring your energy of delivery up by like 50% and the easiest way to do this this is what I do is I record one line at a time it sounds crazy but when you talk in paragraphs you start to Trail off towards the end of your sentences reading six seven sentences off the top of your your head you just lose energy but if you record one line at a time yes you have to chop it after but you can deliver with high energy every single line This is a super super easy hack to up your energy now the second best way to increase likability is simplification again people like when they feel smart if you make them feel dumb they will not like you it's really that simple this means using simple words and short sentences so what I do is I repeat my points twice if I say something with technical jargon I'll repeat it a the second time saying it again with simpler terms and maybe using a metaphor that's a little bit easier to understand and I kind of just talk in this way normally I think that's one of the superpowers of my style but this simplification by force is actually a really helpful way to increase people's comprehension when they can hear you and understand you they like you more now the third best way to become more likable is to genuinely just be yourself and I know it sounds so basic but people can detect when you're playing a character I legitimately wear this black hoodie every single day this black hat every day I talk like this I'm a Content nerd I'm a business nerd you cannot fake this energy around this stuff and because of that you can sense that through the camera and you like me more for it whether you believe what I say or not you like when people talk about things they like that's how the brain works they just perceive authenticity and this is the big thing when you're likable people root for you and they want to be around you they want you to be the one that solves their problems and as a Creator when you're trying to identify a problem a pain point that they pay attention to and solve it this is all you're after now if you're not likable if you're kind of a grouch you can still win but it's going to take so much longer because your value and your information has to be so good that it overcomes the deficiency of your personality it's much easier if people just like you now the sooner someone likes you the better and the easier it will be to hold them so it's possible they may already come into a video having liked you from something else so in that case checkpoint 4 is already checked off but if this is the first thing they're seeing of you they're probably going to take 3 to 5 minutes and make a call whether they like you or not those three things I mentioned are ways to improve your chances of someone liking you more all right so checkpoint five at this point the viewer has understood the pain point they trust you they understand you have a plan and they like you but this is all preal this is like the intro stage you were just trying to get them to opt in to giving you a chance to hear what you have to say and now you can see why the hook in your video is so important and why it takes so much time to dial it in we've deployed like 12 psychology tactics up to this point just trying to get the viewer primed to accept any kind of message so the next question checkpoint 5 is can we get them to pay attention long enough to hear what we have to say it's crazy when you really think about it right you spent all that time all that effort all that energy trying to get them to pay attention long enough to potentially give you the chance to deliver a message and still you have to fight to hold their attention it's pretty crazy but this is kind of the most important checkpoint within the body of the video is getting them to continue to pay attention until the last stage so of course have a few psychology hacks for getting them to hold their attention the first one is to create a hunt people's brains work in Loops when they open a loop they need to close it that is why to-do lists are so nagging you write something down on a to-do list you fret until it's closed people work in open and closed Loops so when you need to keep someone interested for 20 or 30 minutes to watch a full video you need to continually open Loops in their brain the best way to do this is to lead with the most valuable piece of information first and then tease that there are other things like it buried throughout the video that first piece is like a dopamine release and it validates that it's worth staying then you create this hunt these Loops that people have to hunt to close to do this tactically just continue reminding them about the gold at the end I didn't really do it well in this video but you can think about when people talk about six tactics and when they're on number two they say and wait for the end because the last one's going to be great right that is them opening a long-term Loop while they close these Min ones they want you to stay to close that long-term Loop all right hack number 14 is reh hooking in previous videos I've talked a lot about the importance of reh hooking throughout your content because you do all that work to lay the initial hook but then if you don't rehook everything just atrophies down to zero so you have to keep reh hooking their interest and the best way to do that is to keep reigniting that paino solution Gap where are they where do they want to be remind them where are they where do they want to be create contrast against where they are where they want to be common belief contrar in take continue to create that contrast and you'll be able to rehook them throughout now the best way to do this is that and flip so saying things like now that point was good but honestly if you don't figure out this point it's never going to work right continuing to give that zigzag dance that's how you rehook them all right another way to keep them interested throughout and I talk a lot about this in my storytelling video which I'll link here if you want to check out the during the body storytelling a lot of these techniques I broke down a lot deeper in some other videos but a great way to do this is what I call a trans Rhythm if you create a desirable rhythm with the Cadence of your words they will stay because it's soothing to listen to I've noticed that that the monotony that comes with same length sentences actually leads to boredom and then people churn so the best way to do this is to use your voice as an instrument and try to deliver off balance enunciation off-balance Cadence to create this Rhythm keep them on their toes some short sentences and then deliver some long Legato sentences some compound sentences some quick sentences keep them off balance and it creates this trans style Rhythm where they're just locked into hearing it it's almost like music in a way if you look down your script and you don't see a jagged line with the end of your sentences that means all of your sentences are around the same length and it creates that monotonous plotting feeling you want that Jagged line so look down your script and make sure you have that all right so now we've come to the last checkpoint checkpoint six this is what you're after the whole reason you do one through five is to get people to checkpoint 6 checkpoint 6 is getting the viewer to take an action so far you've established a paino built trust laid out a plan got them to like you and re-hooked them throughout the video so that they could absorb most of your value the last step can you get them to take the action after all that's why we're making content in the first place we need viewers to take some action now that action could be to subscribe it could be to share it could be to sign up for a free email list or a lead Magnet or a community it also could be to convert and transact for a paid product right from the video the actions vary but we need the viewer to take an action if they don't it's not that the rep was all for nothing but we don't really Clos the process that we were trying to do here now I've got three final psychology hacks to trick the viewer into taking the action the first one is called close the loop at the end of the video tell the viewer that you have successfully closed the paino solution Gap and that by doing this they should have everything they need to be able to take the information in the video and solve for it themsel but if they would like to increase the speed and get to the solution faster then they can take your action or purchase your product this hack of reminding them that all the information is there but if they want speed they can pay for it is super effective and it works because almost no one can absorb 100% of the information on the first go round but the whole point of the video was to demonstrate that you have the end to- endend knowledge and 5% of people are going to be able to take that watch it three times and implement it thems God bless them it's the other 95% that want to pay for Speed now that they trust you that'll take the action the hack is that you reminded them that the loop is closed because by reminding them it res signals that pain point that they wanted to solve they will feel like it's still unsolved because they haven't absorbed all the information and they will look to take an action to solve it all right my second hack for getting the viewer to take the desired action is an unexpected surise surprise most of Life boils down to expectations verse reality if they expected a highquality masterpiece in your video but you fell short chances are they're not going to take the action but if the reality of watching the video blew away their expectations especially if it was because of how valuable the information actually was they are way more likely to take the action that you suggested this is why I was able to grow from 0 to 65,000 Subs on YouTube in like two months I try to make all of my videos at a 12 out of 10 quality that blows people away so this the unexpected surprise works every time all right and the last psychology tip hack number 18 is the recap tell the viewer what you're going to do do it and then remind them at the end of what you did that reminding is the recap this is the final nail that closes the loop on that paino solution Gap and that by doing that it reminds them that they should take the action if they haven't yet solved the pain watch I'm going to show you an example right here as I close this but I'm only doing it as long as you take the action look in the description all right guys that's all I have for this video those were 18 tricks to hack viewer psychology to get more addicted into your content if you like this video and you want more breakdowns like this I kind of like making these but I don't know if you like them too if you like them leave a comment let me know what I should cover in the next video and remember there is so much free stuff in the description I'm giving it all away if you want your videos to be better if you want to grow faster on social media the links and the invites are below for you to take advantage of until next time we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [23 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @pamithadesilva1955: I’ve being binge watching this channel since early this week. I wish I came across these videos earlier. Such great learnings
  3. @shashankthakur2090: god bless u bro thankyou so much
  4. @IrvinZurita-t5l: Perfect content ❤
  5. @CovenantCrossings-n1d: Just stumbled across your channel. I am almost 70 years old, excellent presentation, just subscribe.
  6. @RonNezaticky: Good stuff! Loads of value! Thank you
  7. @RoxanaHashemi: Great thank you 🙏
  8. @Thecreabrix: thank you <3
  9. @TechnicalIndiaA1: You addressed pain point of content creator
  10. @eNVyyuh: that’s so scary i’m so high bro literally just explained exactly what made me want to press his video 😭
  11. @gregh_777: i hate everything about this video.
  12. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  13. @Toplegends7: that's perfect
  14. @philliprocker2719: New to social media so these tips made some things finally make sense.
  15. @madievb7728: This video was super helpful, thank you for sharing your expertise with us. I checked out the Sandcastle program and it looks wonderful, but unfortunately I can't afford it right now. 😢
  16. @Ben-g2i8w: your lessons are valuable . thanks for the good work
  17. @lydiamartinezebling: Amazing! 🙏🏻💪🏼
  18. @nexryn1: We'll definitely make it
  19. @Jonathan-u6q6h: Love your teaching
  20. @Jolly-Good-Planet: You are the great teacher. Thanks! 🎉 ❤

- Psychology behind viral content (Here’s How It Works): Kind: captions Language: en Now, you ever wonder why some videos go viral while others don't? Why certain brands, influencers, or even shady marketers seem to hack your brain, making you click, watch, and even buy without thinking twice. Well, that's not an accident. It's dark psychology at work. Welcome to Mastering Mind Control, where we expose the hidden psychological tricks used to manipulate your decisions every single day. Today we're diving into why dark psychology dominates viral content. And by the end of this video, you'll see the internet in a way you never have before. Let's get started. What is dark psychology? Dark psychology is the art of psychological manipulation. It's about using human emotions, fear, greed, guilt, or desire to control behavior. Ever clicked on a video that said, "You won't believe what happened." Or a post that warned 99% of people fail this test? That's manipulative marketing at its finest, playing on your curiosity, fear of missing out, and need for social validation. But here's where it gets even more interesting. The science behind virality, dopamine triggers, and algorithmic bias. Virality isn't magic. It's chemistry and code. Why do these tactics work so well? Two reasons: dopamine and algorithms. First, dopamine, your brain's reward chemical. Every time you scroll, click, or get a notification, your brain gets a tiny dopamine hit. This keeps you coming back, craving more. The more emotionally intense the content, the bigger the dopamine spike. Second, algorithms love engagement. Platforms like YouTube and Instagram push content that keeps you watching. So, creators use manipulation tactics to maximize retention, dramatic thumbnails, shocking headlines, and psychological hooks. And guess what? The more emotional, controversial or fear inducing the content, the more viral it becomes. Shock, suspense, controversy, fear. These emotions keep people hooked, which keeps the algorithm happy. Now that you know why dark psychology dominates, let's dive deeper. How do marketers and influencers use manipulative marketing tactics to control your decisions? Five dark psychology laws of viral content. Now, let's go even deeper. If you think going viral is random, think again. There are five dark psychology laws that control what blows up on the internet. The biggest creators, brands, and marketers all use them, whether you realize it or not. And today, we're breaking them down one by one. Law one, emotional hijacking. The fastest way to take over someone's mind. The first law of viral content, hijack emotions. The strongest emotions, fear, anger, shock, excitement, trigger high engagement. Your brain can't help but react. That's why news headlines always sound extreme. Case in point, the Tide Pod Challenge. A ridiculous internet trend where teenagers ate Tide Pods. Dangerous? Yes. But why did it go viral? Because it triggered two powerful emotions at once. Curiosity and danger. People couldn't believe others were actually doing it. It sparked outrage, news coverage, and millions of views. How to trigger fear, anger, or shock ethically? Use shocking statistics. Example: 90% of people don't realize this is happening to them. Create urgent problems. Example, if you don't do this now, you'll regret it later. Evoke outrage in a controlled way without misleading people. The key, you don't have to spread fear or negativity. You just have to evoke it. The strongest content makes people feel something instantly. Law two, social proof engineering. How to make anything look popular. People follow the crowd. Period. If everyone's talking about something, you assume it's worth your attention. This is why social proof is a dark psychology super weapon. Let's take Dollar Shave Club as an example. When they launched, they made it seem like everyone wanted their razors by creating fake scarcity. They told customers only a limited number of spots left. This triggered fear of missing out, making their launch an instant success. How to create artificial demand using herd mentality. Use the bandwagon effect. Say things like, "100,000 people have already signed up. Leverage fake scarcity. Only available for the next 24 hours. Show off big numbers, likes, views, testimonials, anything that makes people think, "I don't want to be left behind." The best part, it doesn't matter if you're a brand, YouTuber, or marketer. Social proof always works. Law three, curiosity gap, manipulation. How to make people desperate to click. One of the most powerful tactics in viral content is teasing the brain. This is called the curiosity gap. Giving just enough information to hook people, but not enough to satisfy them. Case study. Mr. Beast's one versus $1 million thumbnail strategy. Look at any Mr. Beast thumbnail. What do you notice? He shows the end result, but never the full picture. He uses extreme contrast like $1 house versus $1 million house. He makes people ask questions. What's the catch? What happens next? This formula forces the brain to fill in the missing gap. And the only way to get the answer, click the video. The 90% reveal, 10% conceal formula. Here's how you can use this in any type of content. Show the setup, but not the full resolution. Example, this one mistake will ruin your finances. Most people don't realize it until it's too late. Create an unanswered question. Example, why do rich people never talk about this? It's not what you think. Use extreme contrasts. Example, eating for $1 versus $1,000. Which one is actually better? This is why clickbait works. But remember, never lie. Always deliver what you promise or people will stop trusting you. Law four, authority exploitation. Why people believe anything from experts. People trust authority figures even when they shouldn't. And that's exactly why brands, influencers, and even political campaigns use this tactic. A perfect example, Pelaton's celebrity endorsed controversy. Pelaton, a luxury fitness brand, launched an ad where a husband gifted his wife a Pelaton bike. Social media erupted in outrage, saying the ad promoted toxic beauty standards. But guess what? Sales skyrocketed. Why? Because Pelaton turned this controversy into a false consensus strategy. They made it seem like every celebrity, every news channel, and every fitness guru was talking about it. Even if people disagreed, they still watched, discussed, and debated. And that gave them millions of dollars in free advertising. How to build trust even without credibility. Use endorsements from experts, even if they're self-proclaimed. Create fake authority with numbers. Example: Trusted by 1 million plus users. Leverage controversy to force conversations. Example, the secret billionaires don't want you to know. People automatically trust what looks legitimate. The real game making it look that way. Law five, moral polarization. How outrage creates instant virality. The final and most dangerous law of viral content is moral polarization. Nothing spreads faster than a strong opinion. The more controversial, the better. That's why political commentators like Ben Shapiro go viral all the time. He doesn't just share facts, he takes a side, making his audience feel like they have to pick one, too. Case study. Ben Shapiro's viral outrage strategy. Shapiro's content is engineered for debate. His titles, thumbnails, and arguments are designed to make half of people angry, and half of people agree 100%. This does two things. One, it forces people to share it. Even haters will post about it, giving it more exposure. Two, it sparks a neverending comment war. And YouTube loves videos with tons of engagement. How to use outrage for growth without ruining your reputation. Pick a controversial take, but stay factual. Example, why the education system is failing and nobody wants to fix it. Frame debates, not attacks. Example, rich versus poor. Who really works harder? Make people feel like they have to respond. Example, 90% of people are wrong about this. The goal isn't to be toxic. It's to trigger emotionally charged discussions because when people fight over content, it spreads like wildfire. Final thoughts. The dark psychology blueprint of virality. So now you know the five dark psychology laws that dominate viral content. One, emotional hijacking. Strong emotions, high engagement. Two, social proof engineering. If it looks popular, people assume it's valuable. Three, curiosity gap manipulation. Tease just enough to make people need to know more. Authority exploitation. People trust experts even if they're not real experts. Five. Moral polarization. Outrage creates endless engagement. The question is, will you use these tactics or will they use you? If you want to stay ahead of the manipulation, subscribe to Mastering Mind Control because trust me, this is just the beginning. The beginning.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pro_playz55 [4 likes]: Finally new video
  2. @Uerjslslslks [2 likes]: We miss you bro, come back
  3. @ms_0308 [1 likes]: Algorithm will give me more videos like this 🫥
  4. @mr.sterinsonglella7541: ❤
  5. @HamzaHamji: ❤❤❤❤
  6. @elitecharmer7580: bro made a vid about how to make viral content and his vid only got 1k views ofc its better than nothing but still
  7. @Darkintellect-s9n: Hwy dude , where can I get the background music you are using? Or could you please share the bavkground musics you use in your videos please?
  8. @shitanshuverma2839: Ha bro you make late but video is best so late is ignored so make this type of video iam always and daily visit your channel to see or waiting for New video but finally I watched videos and also download in my YouTube playlist ❤❤❤ Love you bro please complete my one wish pls make a video to revise tactic of psychology mein topic I need se seduction❤ pls bro
  9. @ImBrokeWhatAboutU: how 348k subs but 345 views
  10. @Uerjslslslks: Bro MMC dude's still alive??

- Craig Jones - Proper Heel Hook Defense vs. Proper Ankle Lock Defense - Quick Tip!: Kind: captions Language: en alright guys so let's talk about the the first step in defending heal books and I think it's the first step everyone makes because I mean especially when I started heel hooks the only knowledge I really had was in straight ankle locks so when we switch from defending straight ankle up to defending a heel hook we have to make make this very obvious replica say we defended it in collage there's this concept people use which is putting the boot on wrap a piece if we look at a straight ankle look they're trying to stretch out kill easy and put a lot of pressure on that right so we need to fend that usually by putting the boot on her so it's like you're like you're putting your shoe on you're applying the heel pressure forward and that helps us relieve some of the pressure of a straight ankle look because if we apply straight ankle okay Alec gillies is getting stretched so what we're trying to do here is push our heel in and that would be the opposite of what we want to do when we're defending a hill look so we come back you know and my opponent was attacking healed it actually makes my heel a lot bigger so when you were in the same position if I put the boot on I'm actually exposing my Owen Hill it's gonna make a really easy for opponent to Google Gus and that's why I think when people first start playing with heel hooks they've got this knowledge of putting the boot on so they get heel hooks straight away every time what we want to do to defend the heel hook is the exact opposite form a definitive straight ankle lock and that's what I want to extend my toes if that's all you do that's all you know that would be the first step in defending heel hooks we extend our toes it's gonna make our heel smaller obviously experienced guys are still gonna get it but it makes the ability for them to expose our heel a lot less right so if they're applying a straight ankle look we're putting the boot on if they're gone for a heel hook we're extending out toes so see that's what we're dealing with more advanced opponents in applying different pressure we have to try and almost predict or feel out what they're attacking next and defend accordingly so just a recap straight and cool ugh we put the boot on defending a heel hook we're extending out toe straight to make the heel smaller

  Top Comments:
  1. @paleo704 [15 likes]: Ankle Locks are so painful.  Heel hooks are so scary.  Bad dilemma
  2. @RomeoBarnes [8 likes]: Everyone needs to see this. Beautifully taught very clear and precise.
  3. @jakes1594 [3 likes]: Great tip
  4. @cwistophy6312: I really just wanted to say that in a world of increasing having to rent various things and rebuy video games I've bought in the past, I really appreciate that you're website is a one time fee for lifetime access. It has been an amazing investment in my jiujitsu journey that keeps on giving.
  5. @ManofOneGod: Well if you extend wouldnt they counter that with ankle lock?
  6. @kampfkunstschuleguardianangel: Thx!

- The Key to Adventure | Advanced Gamemastery: Kind: captions Language: en In the procedural genre the narrative is defined by a focus on technical detail - the procedure of solving a crime in a cop film or the procedure of diagnosing illness and treating injury in a hospital show. Those were the procedural stories. Over time, however, the procedural genre has become closely associated with a specific form of episodic television with a predictable structure that is easily repeated in every episode. This makes it easy to write new episodes for these shows, allowing them to continue more or less in perpetuity. Although not referred to as procedurals, sitcoms often have similar formulas, once again putting focus on specific, procedural actions that are repeated by the main characters. A similar kind of procedural scaffolding is very useful for designing RPG adventures: We have dungeons and mysteries and hexcrawls and so forth. They allow us to prep the specific things that the PCs will do; the procedures they need to follow in order to reach the next procedure. Enter Dungeon Room A and fight the monsters who are there. Then go to the next dungeon room and fight the monsters who are there. It's a simple procedure. String enough of these procedural scenes together, add a conclusion at the end, and you've got a reliable evening of gaming. You'll know what to prep, the players will know what to do, and the adventure will work. But there's something missing. These simple, procedural elements of a story are essential, but they are not what makes for a truly great film or television series. And the same is true for RPG adventures. You can play through a flawless procedural adventure without a single hiccup... and it can still be forgettable. It will be... fine. But it won't be the kind of session that your players think about and talk about years later. So how do we prep that? Creating and running an adventure is more art than science, but there are, if you'll pardon the pun, a few procedures you can use to up your odds of success. Start by identifying the premise of your campaign. The premise is simply who the characters are and what they do. Many roleplaying games actually feature a default premise. In Call of Cthulhu, for example, the PCs are investigators who want to learn more about the strange and inexplicable terrors of the Lovecraftian Mythos. In Dungeons & Dragons they're wandering heroes or mercenaries who explore the world, slay evil monsters, and loot treasure. In Night's Black Agents they're retired intelligence operatives attempting to destroy a vast vampire conspiracy. Entire campaigns can be built with nothing more than a default premise. In practice, more specific premises will emerge from the characters during play. These wandering heroes aren't just trying to explore the world, they're specifically trying to reclaim the lost dwarven city of Khunbaral. They're no longer investigating any old Lovecraftian horror, they're specifically trying to stop Nyarlathotep's cultists. Or they were exploring Icewind Dale, but then one of them got elected Speaker of Good Mead, and the new premise is that they're civic leaders trying to strengthen their community. Running specific campaigns, whether published or of your own creation, will often mean that a more explicit premise gets assigned to the players: This is a campaign about stopping the Cult of the Dragon. Or you're Elturian squires who are trying to become Knights of the Companion. At the other extreme, some roleplaying games like Over the Edge, Eclipse Phase, or Heavy Gear won't have a default premise at all. If you're running one of these games, you're going to want to make a point of determining what your group's initial premise is during character creation, or you're going to want to specifically structure the first couple sessions of play so that the players can find it organically. Which, to at least some extent, means that your initial premise will be, "They're wastrels who are trying to figure out what to do with their lives." And, of course, you can also do this with many games that have default premises. You can run a Call of Cthulhu campaign where the PCs are eldritch librarians collecting ancient tomes. Or a D&D campaign where they run a tavern. Once you know your campaign's premise, you're ready to start prepping adventures. All you need to do is make sure that the premise of the adventure is directly connected to the campaign premise. If your D&D group has the default premise of "explore the world, slay evil monsters, and loot treasure," then when you drop a scenario hook for the Cave of Wonders, you can be pretty certain they'll scoop that up and run off to find the cave. If they've committed to the premise of running a tavern in Waterdeep, on the other hand, you may be unpleasantly surprised when they just ignore it. More importantly, the Cave of Wonders will feel integral to the first campaign, whereas in the tavernkeeping campaign, even if the players take your hook, the adventure may still end up feeling like a pointless waste of time. Like a filler episode in a long-running anime series. This can be a real problem if you use published adventures, because those adventures will usually stick to the default, generic premise of the game. This can result in groups sticking with that default premise, even though it will turn their campaigns into unmotivated, generic mush. What you want to do instead, of course, is figure out how to take the premise of the adventure and make it relevant to the campaign premise. If the scenario has been prepped as a situation instead of a plot, this is a lot easier to pull off. For plotted scenarios, unfortunately, you'll probably need to start by ripping the plot out. Of course, you'd want to do that anyway. But that's a topic for a different video. Either way, this can be a lot easier than it sounds. It largely boils down to asking yourself, "Why would the PCs want to get involved in this?" For example, let's imagine a campaign in which the PC is a street rat who steals things. If you told this PC there was a weird cave out in the desert and suggested it might be cool to go explore it... well, that's not really his jam. He's an urban street rat who steals stuff; not a wandering adventurer who explores dungeons. But what if you instead had a mysterious patron offer to hire the PC to steal something from the cave? Suddenly that cave sounds a lot more wondrous. Moving beyond the premise of the adventure, we now want to look at its procedural elements. What are the PCs actually doing in the adventure? We want these actions to properly align with the premise of the scenario. If you're using a well-established scenario structure, this will largely take care of itself. In a hexcrawl, for example, the default action is to pick a direction and see what's there. That naturally aligns with the default premise of a hexcrawl, which is to explore. Similarly, the default action of a mystery scenario - to search for clues - obviously syncs up with the premise of solving a mystery. Now let's turn our attention to the player characters. We've already touched on this a bit, but obviously as the players are creating their characters, they should be doing so with the campaign premise in mind. If you're creating characters for Call of Cthulhu, those characters should want to investigate the supernatural. If they're creating characters for D&D, they should be characters who go delving in dungeons and slaying dragons. If they're creating characters for our Street Rats campaign, they should be building them to be good at stealing stuff. This is all fairly straightforward, of course. But you want to take this one step further and challenge the players to answer a crucial question: Why? Why do they want to investigate the supernatural? Why do they go delving in dungeons? Why do they steal stuff? And importantly, what you're looking for is the emotional answer to this question. For example, Agent Mulder in The X-Files believes the truth is out there and, therefore, investigates supernatural phenomena. But the emotional reason he does that is because he loves his abducted sister and wants to rescue her. Aladdin is a street rat who steals things. But his emotional core is that he wants to be seen and respected by a society that has thrown him into the gutter. Now, a typical RPG campaign will obviously have multiple characters. And each of those characters will likely have their own unique emotional connection to the campaign premise, but they will all have a connection. And, in fact, the different emotions that they bring to the premise will interact with each other in unexpected, fiery, and transformational ways. You can think of this as a conduit: When the conduit is all properly aligned, the emotional core will flow from the characters through the premise, through the default action, and into the specific action of the adventure. The impersonal becomes personal. The low stakes become high stakes. The meaningless becomes meaningful. This is the key to great adventures. Now the street rat isn't just doing a job for cash. He's pursuing his dreams. And the obstacles he faces during that adventure aren't just ephemeral impediments; they become fundamental challenges to who he is as a person. When he fights a monster, he's not just fighting for survival. He's fighting for his LIFE. The adventure becomes a crucible for the characters. And your games will never be the same. Okay, let's quickly review what we've done: First, we've identified our campaign premise. Second, we've connected our adventure premise to the campaign premise. Third, we've created characters who are committed Fourth, we've defined the emotional Why for each character's connection to the premise. The heart of your campaign really is that simple. Everything else is just execution. If you're looking for proven scenario structures that you can use to start building campaigns like this, you should check out my book So You Want To Be a Game Master, coming this fall from Macmillan and Page Street Publishing. It'll show you exactly how to prep and run dungeons, megadungeons, raids, heists, hexcrawls, urbancrawls, and more. There'll be a link down in the Font of All-Knowledge with more information! Check it out now! Good gaming! I'm Justin Alexander, and I'll see you at the table!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Candyapplebone [13 likes]: Some guy in my writing club referred me to one of your articles, i ended up reading the essays on node based story telling for over two hours, and then i found your YouTube channel. NOICE! I changed how I dm my games - now everything’s a node with clues. EVERYTHING. I’m doing it in obsidian and i am using plugins (dataview, leaflet) to have maps with links to articles, and the articles have lists of clues pointing to them from other nodes (I’m a software engineer). Shits great! I’ll make a YT video about it later and ping you on twitter or something
  2. @Hjorth87 [2 likes]: I love your articles about game mastering so it's great to see your vids as well.
Your 3 node open planning really speaks to me, and it's influencing me heavily right now as I'm prepping a guest hosting in our normal campaign. The party is going to the plane of air 😊
  3. @WhizzarD44 [2 likes]: 2 years ago I started to DM with no gaming experience at all, and did exactly this to set it all up. Now, 88 sessions later we are still going strong. I thought about how to start and how to prep for a bit, and now I see my sources of info, you and Matt Colville, explaining quite clear exactly the conclusion and methods I decided upon back then. Great video! Thanks a lot.
  4. @martinaelle4154 [1 likes]: The intro is a piece of art❤ (from a fan of "Law & Order")
  5. @BillNyeTheBountyGuy [1 likes]: 'You've completed watching the moving pictures in the box, taking in the information your Wisdom has increased by 1!'
  6. @zonegamma8197 [1 likes]: ordered the book !
very good thanks
  7. @lladonzombie [1 likes]: I’m a simple man, I see things written by Justin Alexander and I buy them.
  8. @Silas-v7i: This is the nobody loser who called Charlie Kirk’s family Nazis and cheered on his death. Regardless of how one feels about Kirk’s views, this jobless troglodyte is a garbage human being who couldn’t make it as a real writer
  9. @morenz70: at times, I come back here to listen to this lectio magistralis
  10. @buckaroobonzai9847: This design is simply just the premise of course,.  The details depend on the Players and what type of gaming they enjoy, no two players are alike.  I've had a hundred fantasy RPG players who want to explore and combat all the time, yet a couple dozen who could spend 4 hours in roleplaying base don there character's backstory. Many of my players WANT AW STRONG OVERARCHING PLOT as the top priority, they don't get excited other wise.  Other players want there character to be the driving impetus of the plots.  There is no one size fit all solution.  Though yes, for a basic premise this fits well for sure.  But much needs to be built through gameplay and will.
  11. @lucaslorencini3453: Great tips
  12. @AlejandroLópez-v5j2m: I will reinforce the 'why?' On my next sesion
  13. @catfishcooler1566: Nope. The "every PC is personally connected to the adventure" thing is the WORST kind of hacky garbage. I see it time and time again. The GM has the Cleric's evil twin sister make an appearance and reveal how the Druid's dead father stole the Fighter's magic codpiece and sold it to sworn blood enemy of the Monk's family. Now the big bad is using it to terrorize the Wizard's village. That type of thing is unrealistic and the worst kind of railroad-y pandering. In the real world, things aren't ever that conveniently connected. So forcing that hacky crap into the game to manufacture some artificial "connection" to motivate the PCs is just silly. If your players need FAKE motivation to entice them into adventure, find better players.
  14. @RadeFoxxy: Fabulous info, and your book is an invaluable aid for any GM!
  15. @BreDSite: Hey man, love your blog and your videos. Thank you for putting your thoughts out there! I am starting a new campaign after a TPK in Waterdeep heist... Was a worthy story, but Xanathars is a minefield. They had opportunities to save themselves but there's only so much you can do. 😅

Starting a new campaign soon and since you helped so much with Dragon heist where better to look! This time, homebrew. Might have to pick up a copy of your book! Cheers.
  16. @caesaraguilar7451: Hi Justin! I was wondering if you could make a Pacing 101 video on how to keep the pace in your TTRPG games. I am on the struggle bus when it comes to pacing and I am tired of blaming my players and ready to take ownership but I need help 😅
  17. @Hjorth87: Off note, your style and views remind me a lot of Beau of the fifth column.
Based on your past statements I think you will find him enjoyable, if you don't know him already ❤
  18. @pratzuli: This is literally the best explanation.
  19. @andrewmn3024: Thanks for the solid content as always.  How do you get players to buy in or even create those emotional hooks?
  20. @robertogallardo8157: Great video as always! Book is pre-ordered.... Leaving my comment for the algorithm.

- Copywriting Examples: How To Write A KILLER HOOK In Your Sales Copy: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know what the single most important part of any copy is? Whether you're writing an ad, a landing page, a sales page or an email, if you can nail this, your copy practically writes itself. Any guesses? Keep watching. Hey guys, it's Alex and this week we're going to talk about the single most important part of copywriting, the art of crafting the perfect hook. In copywriting and marketing a hook is exactly what it sounds like, a concept or an idea that gets people interested in what you have to say and what you have to offer. So a good hook has the job of reeling in a prospect by getting their attention enough to take the next step. Because let's face it, it doesn't matter if your sales copy is the most interesting, engaging, well-written masterpiece on the planet, if you can't get your prospects' attention, does it even matter? We are in the attention and retention business first, which is why using a powerful hook in your headlines, subject lines or at the beginning of a sales or landing page is absolutely critical, no matter your niche, product or market. It's what the reader sees first and determines whether or not they'll open that email, read the next section or click an ad. So arguably, writing killer hooks is the most important skill you can develop in copywriting. It's what determines whether your copy converts or flops. When comparing copywriting to screenwriting, your hook is essentially the log line. That one big idea that determines whether or not you're watching that movie or that docu-series on Netflix this Friday night. Why do you think 34 million people watched Tiger King the weekend it came out on Netflix? I mean, sure, you could argue that they were stuck at home and they had nothing better to do. But the show is about a gay gun-toting operator of a tiger park who was charged with murder-for-hire. Yeah, that is a pretty good hook. A great hook makes people go wait, what? Oh, I gotta see what this is all about! But there's something I really want to make clear. This is not an invitation to use clickbait, which is something very, very different from a great hook. There's a lot of debate out there right now about what's considered clickbait and everyone seems to have a different definition. To me, it's simple, clickbait is an intentionally misleading hook or headline that leads to content that's irrelevant, provides no value or just straight out lies. Great hooks are still majorly click-worthy but they are relevant, lead to value, whether it be educational, entertainment or inspirational value and they do not mislead your prospects. I've said this several times and I'll say it again, always lead with value and use empathy and connection in your copywriting - and if you want more tips, techniques and tutorials that are working today, go ahead and hit that subscribe button below to join the global Copy Posse. Now in this video, I'm going to share five of my favorite Copy Posse-Approved hooks to grab and hold your customers' attention with nothing but powerful and precise wording. As I like to say, the right phrase pays. These five hooks are a sneak peek at my full list of proven and effective hooks that I teach in my copywriter coaching program at the Copy Posse Launch Pad. By the way, if you're interested and ready to ignite your freelance copywriting business, you can now get the recordings of this program which includes access to all the training modules, Q&A sessions, workbooks, guides, formulas and lots and lots of juicy bonus content. You can find out more about how to get your hands on that in the description below. Alright, now here they are, five powerful hooks that you can use to capture and keep attention. Now please bear in mind that these five hooks are not mutually exclusive. Often a great hook can utilize more than one of these concepts or angles. Let's start with hook numero uno - Threat, Warning and Pain. Now guys, I don't mean to start things off super intense but the heart of this first hook is primal. It's an old-school approach that still works today. Illustrating a threatening situation or an urgent warning or an unwanted pain that resonates with your prospects will likely get their attention. Science has proven that all decisions made by us humans are either to avoid pain or gain pleasure but here's the plot twist, people will actually do much more to avoid pain than to gain pleasure. The notion here is that you would likely act faster if you were say about to be attacked by a bear than if someone offered you a suitcase full of cash. Not that you have to get that intense in your copy but really think about the problems your audience is facing. Don't unnecessarily fear-monger or use clickbait, of course, make sure that it's relevant to your product and that it would lead your prospect to something that can actually help them solve their problem. And it goes without saying that this hook works well for a Problem Aware audience and you're hooking attention by speaking to that pain. So as an example, in this ad, Pacific Blue Cross used a stern warning to remind travelers of the high medical cost should anything happen to you during your vacation if you don't have the right travel insurance. And here's another one from ADT that shares that 26% of burglaries happen when someone is at home, urging you to take action to feel safe. And this ad also plays up a second type of hook and that is education and FYI. A great way to hook attention is to provide useful and relevant information that opens the loop and encourages your prospect to want to learn more. Besides, no one can resist a good little-known fact or a shocking, did you know? Using education or what I call the "FYI Hook" is a great way to appeal to prospects that have little awareness of your product or solution. Education is a great way to indoctrinate unaware leads. A great example of this hook is a series of posts by Acorns, a brilliant investing app that helps people invest their change. They use eye-opening findings and stats in their hooks to speak to their target audience, millennials. Now this ad may not be as shocking but serves as a great reminder of how our current education system really fails to teach us how to manage our finances. This ad however, sheds some light on a daily routine that far too many of us are guilty of, the amount of money we spend on coffee (chuckles). And that brings me to hook number three Confirm Beliefs. It's no surprise that people tend to respond or gravitate towards evidence or information that supports their existing beliefs. This gives your prospect a sense of validation and acknowledgement, that moment where you go, aha, I knew it or "oh my god, same!" This hook is also great for a Problem Aware audience. Those people that might not be aware of your product yet but they're experiencing the pain that your product is offering to solve. The best way to use this hook is to open with a powerful statement that confirms an existing belief but then pivot to present some new information that will get them to go, hmm, interesting. So here's a great example from Organixx. They spoke to women who were struggling with moodiness and irritability by validating what most of us already know that the cause could be hormonal imbalances. But then it goes on to share that this could also be the cause of insomnia, weight fluctuations or even dry skin. They confirm a well-known belief but then present new information based on this belief that makes their audience want to know more. Now be careful that the new information doesn't completely violate the existing belief or jump to a completely new paradigm that just doesn't make sense. There needs to be a believable connection. If it's too hard to swallow, you will have a hard time selling. Alright, now moving on to hook number four, Fear of Missing Out. Yes, I am talking about that anxiety-inducing feeling of being left out in a social situation. In the context of marketing, FOMO is really an opportunity to merge scarcity with social proof by showcasing the number of people who are already experiencing the benefits you offer, and therefore making your prospects feel like they are missing out. It's a good old fashioned "Everyone is doing it, so why aren't you?" The point here is to leverage social proof in an authentic and relatable way that resonates with the prospect and creates the desire for them to take action. For example, Blinkist, the app that summarizes bestselling books into 15-minute reports, does this very, very well with their headline. Millions of tech savvy intellectuals are using Blinkist to stay ahead of their peers and on top of their fields. And Live Recover, an abandoned cart recovery service, creates double FOMO by letting businesses know that they're missing out on recovering 21% of people who abandon their cart and also use the famous "who else" headline implying that other people are already using this service. Alright, now hook number five, Relevancy. There has never been a time when relevancy is more well, relevant to ensure the success of a marketing campaign. What is relevant to your market today? With the abundance of brands and solutions that are available and visible to your customers, especially in the digital world, relevancy is perhaps the best way to create a stronger and more meaningful connection between brand and customer. A hook that uses relevancy is one that takes into account current events, cultures or issues that your target audience can relate to, and of course connecting it to your product or offer. The goal here is not only get attention but do it in a way that makes your prospect go, "Oh, wow, you really get where I'm at." So think current events, pop culture, or trending topics on social media. How can you piggyback on these conversations and relate it to your product? This is where empathy can go a long, long way. In fact, it lies at the core of this hook. For example, during the 2016 presidential elections in the USA, Aspirin brand Excedrin was clever to poke fun at the political environment with the headline, 73% of Americans will have an election headache this year And hey, they can reuse it every four years. Alright and there you have it, five of the most effective hooks that we here at the Copy Posse love to use. Give me a thumbs up below if you found this video helpful. I hope it gives you some inspiration the next time you need to turn out some killer headlines or subject lines. Speaking of which, you can watch my video on How to Write Hot Headlines right here. Or you can check out my video on the Five Levels of Customer Awareness right here. Thank you so much for watching and subscribing. I will see you again next week. Until then, I'm Alex! Ciao for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sidekick3rida [3 likes]: Can't deny the value I'm getting from these videos. Currently binging your content.
  2. @QuizmasterLaw [2 likes]: scarcity, social proof, and fomo never motivate me as a consumer, 
which makes it hard for me to take them seriously or employ them.
  3. @wallacebankley3384 [1 likes]: The Perfect Hooks 2025..outstanding Playlist in the age of A.l. .Ahead of time
  4. @ataberdi2064 [1 likes]: Oh, This was was published on my 🎂. I vividly remember the 29th of 2020, but wouldn't expect myself to be a killer hook writer in 2023 thanks to Alex❤
  5. @paulofaro4773 [1 likes]: Amazing!
  6. @haifaal-shareef6551: 👍🏻👍🏻
  7. @wallacebankley3384: Winning Marketer Of The Year AWARD. Alex Cattoni.  Most Popular copywriter AWARD.⚡️
  8. @wallacebankley3384: Alex Cattoni  winning 👏 WOMEN INSPIRATION GAME CHANGER AWARDED.⚡️
  9. @MagouSallaGueye-u4r: Good intro
Good framework
Good hooks (content of the vid)
  10. @wallacebankley3384: How to write a killer hooks in 2025..48 thousand views on this harvest video
  11. @G.O.A.TMessi: 😊😊❤
  12. @RealBillPerry: @AlexCattoni is Launch Pad for absolute beginners who need to learn the fundamentals of copywriting?  Starting with very little to no experience?  Or do you have something better for that?
  13. @wallacebankley3384: "SELECTED WOMEN FINALISTS INSPIRING WOMEN  ALEX CATTONI
  14. @compassionatepeercounseling: Helpful breakdown, thank you.
  15. @TheBeMoHappyShowPodcast-pn9bt: From you personally, I mean.
  16. @TheBeMoHappyShowPodcast-pn9bt: Thank you. You're incredible!! I wish you would use examples of these types of hooks.
  17. @TheBeMoHappyShowPodcast-pn9bt: Copy Posse!! I love it. Brilliant 👏🏽
  18. @farinrasouli: This video was effectively helpful, and full of ideas.
  19. @maf.eats2024: Thank you for this! 🫶🏽
  20. @Lastmomenttuitions: Wow this Video was very helpful thanks for Posting

- *The Luminescent Dilemma*   the story  *The Girl Who Amplified Emotions (And Started a War)*: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The air crackled with anticipation. Leora stood at the entrance of the Veilw Weaver's labyrinth, her normally radiant glow dimming with every hesitant breath. She clutched the worn leather strap of her satchel, her heart pounding a frantic rhythm against her ribs. Kale, his presence as grounding as the earth beneath her feet, placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. His voice, a low rumble that echoed the calmness she desperately craved, broke through the silent turmoil. Are you sure about this, Leora? Leora's world, Aria, thrived on the magic of inner light. Each soul possessed an aura, a radiant halo that reflected their true selves. Kindness manifested as a gentle warmth. Honesty shone with a brilliant clarity. But Leora, Leora blazed like the midday sun. Her laughter sparked joy in the hearts of strangers. Her tears invoked waves of empathy that could drown a room. Her power, though born of pure intention, was a double-edged sword, capable of both healing and destruction. The Festival of Echoes, a night of joyous celebration, was forever etched in Leora's memory. It was supposed to be the night she confessed her feelings for Kale, the night their auras intertwined beneath the shimmering glow of the wish lanterns. Instead, it became the night she unleashed chaos upon her village. A surge of nervous excitement, amplified by the collective joy of the festival, rippled through her, igniting a chain reaction. Lanterns burst, fireworks detonated prematurely, and the once vibrant celebration descended into panicked chaos. The memory of that night, the terror in her loved ones eyes as they shielded themselves from her uncontrolled power, was a wound that refused to heal. It was then that the village elders, their faces etched with a mixture of fear and pity, revealed the truth about her gift. She was different, too powerful. Her only hope lay in a perilous journey to the shattered peaks to seek the guidance of the enigmatic veil weavers. The path to the shattered peaks was fraught with danger. Each step a testament to Leora's growing resolve. Kale, his loyalty unwavering, walked beside her. His quiet strength a comforting presence. Their guide, the mischievous spirit Naira, provided muchneeded humor and surprisingly insightful advice. They battled grotesque veil weavers, their forms shifting with every flicker of doubt that crossed Leora's heart. Their journey led them to a greedy sorcerer, his aura a sickly shade of green, who sought to exploit Leora's power for his own nefarious purposes. But through each challenge, Leora discovered a strength she never knew she possessed. She learned to control her emotions, to channel her power instead of letting it control her. And in the quiet moments beneath the starllet sky, she discovered the depth of her own resilience, the strength that resided not just in her light, but in the shadows that danced at the edges of her heart. The Veilw Weaver, a being of pure light and ancient wisdom, listened patiently as Leora recounted her tale. Her voice, once filled with youthful exuberance, now held a quiet strength, a melody tinged with the bittersweet symphony of experience. When she finished, the Veil Weaver offered a solution. But it was a choice far more daunting than facing any monster or sorcerer. To save her village, to restore balance to the world, Leora had to relinquish the memory of being loved. To sever the threads of affection that amplified her powers, to become a beacon of neutral light, devoid of the joy and pain that made her who she was. The alternative? To challenge the very deity that cursed her with this power, a being consumed by jealousy and envy, and risk plunging Aria into eternal darkness. As Leora stood on the precipice of this impossible choice, she realized that true beauty wasn't about blinding light or suffocating darkness. It was about embracing the duality, the intricate dance between

- Exposing the New Manufactured Viral Content Economy: Kind: captions Language: en All right. Have you got the feeling recently when you've been scrolling social media that you're being astroturfed that like you aren't choosing the influencers and podcasters and like the brands and the the topics that show up for you? You just are kind of a participant. Like the media doesn't feel as real as it used to be. Everything just feels like it's just being served to you and you a lot of times you come across something that you didn't even choose or know about to select. If you feel like things are not quite real anymore, this video is for you. Because if you understand this chart that we're going to go over today and all of the things I'm going to talk to you about, you're going to understand that content creation is a gamed system. Now, this is not clickbait. This is actually true. I'm going to go through step by step what is happening and how a person and a group of people can propel any influencer to high viewership regardless of content quality. You can be the most uninteresting person ever and you can still get boosted in algorithms and it it happens by tricking algorithms into featuring them. It's a guaranteed way to gain followers and it's basically pay to win. So, in this video, we're going to explain step by step how it works. We're going to go through some content that's uh in this system and I will show you literally that you can promote anybody. You can promote anybody to the top in the world. It doesn't matter what their content is. What most people think about the creator economy and how it exists these days is no longer true. Uh algorithms are being abused at a very high level. So let's break it down. Let's go through step by step how this works. And this image here is absolutely going to be our bible for this discussion. When we look at this, you're seeing a month-long period. So I want you to note like this is one month. This is as of the time of this recording. This is March to April. So just a few days ago. You can see our number one guy here, Clavicular, who you may have heard of. You may have been like, "This guy just exploded. I see videos of him everywhere. What's going on? I never search for this dude. What's happening?" Has generated over 2.2 billion with a B. Billion views in a single month. He has 69,000 videos. That's short form videos across Tik Tok, Instagram, and YouTube and X. 69,000 videos that are all about him. How is this possible? Well, he has 1610 paid clippers that are working full-time to put this stuff out on the internet. And likewise, you can see all of these other influencers who to varying degrees have the same thing going on. Here's Aiden Ross with 812 clippers. Um, he has uh 11,000 videos that came out this month uh accumulated about 714 million views. Now, this is the official uh clipping and kick partnership. This is this is them just releasing this information. This is not guest upon data. This is like literally the platform that's doing it, showing you how this works. And we're going to break down exactly what is happening here and how these guys are tweaking the algorithm for this to work because it's both fascinating and a little bit uh terrifying. All right. So, the very first thing to understand about this once you understand like that this is happening and that there's like just a ton of paid clippers that are uh being paid quite literally to to post these clips everywhere of just various types of content. The first thing we have to understand is that you start with a central discord server. Now there are other ways to do these campaigns and there are platforms like Vero which I or or or DLA. One of those has some association with Mr. Beast. They operate the same way but as platforms but for this video I think the most interesting stuff that we're going to go over is actually just going to be the platforms. So you can see here this is uh the largest clipping server and you can see that that they once you get into the clipping server which I think has over like 20 or 30,000 people in it. You can say hey you're just a few steps away from getting paid for post content. Here's how you get started. You can just go browse the campaigns and you can go see that you can apply for kickstreaming uh clipping program which we're going to talk about a little bit later uh as it relates to this. So you can just get paid by joining one of these servers um like no problem. And here is exactly how these campaigns work step by step. Um, each campaign is going to be one influencer or a podcaster or a brand. Uh, typically like for the purposes of this video, we're going to be talking about live streamers, but this is this is being done for I I I sat in these Discord servers uh the invite only ones and as well as like the public ones for the past like 3 weeks before making this video. And it it shocked pretty much every major podcaster or like brand that you've heard of has had a campaign in these Discord servers in the time that I was sitting in them. And and then and we're going to go over it, but like specific clips and specific moments that they want featured as well are also uh are also featured. So like it's a totally game system. Like there's just everything everybody's just creating doing paid clips that's popular whatsoever. Uh how this system works is as follows. We're going to go through it. Um, so starting with the CPM system and how it works. Um, typically when we think about platforms, these are all going to be short form mostly. So this is going to be clips of this person's like long form. So when I say long form, I mean like a podcaster makes a video that's like 2 hours and then these paid clippers will go through, they'll select 50 to 30 sec second videos, 30 to 60sec video parts or like 2 minute parts that they think are interesting and then they will post those clips on these three platforms. There's a little bit of this done on X. It kind of depends. Every campaign is a little bit different, but most of them I've seen focus on these three platforms. The way that you get paid is you have what's called a uh flat CPM. So a CPM is just the the amount that you make for a,000 views. And these will usually be between about 10 cents to 40 cents, but I've seen ones that are as high as about $2 to $3. So um every campaign has a like payout. And you can see um here I'll I'll pull up one uh just so you can kind of see like how it looks. So this is a campaign for Caleb Hammer and you may be seeing a lot of his clips and this is a separate Discord server that's been created. You can see the payout for Caleb is 75 cents per thousand views that there's a minimum view required for payout and that there's a payment method and it shows you the platforms that it wants you to post on. So you can post on Tik Tok, you post on Instagram, you can post on Twitter, you can post on X in this case. So there there's there's an example of like a a pretty prominent podcaster. Um now either it's his agency paying for this or it's him, I don't know, right? But but he's um this is the system that he's running. So this is an example of like a single campaign that's being run right now. Like this this is a this is something I pulled just a couple of days ago. Um okay, so they're offering a flat CPM of 75 cents per,000 views. And in this case, it's 70. It's going to be 75 cents. I've seen like again like $23. Most of these are like 10 to like 50 cents or so. Um you'll notice on that screenshot that I linked you that there was a minimum view payout threshold. So what does that mean? That means that um you you you can't have this this campaign. You don't get paid if you don't have 100,000 views. Now um that's not per clip though. So, so what if we just like put the payment deal details over here for a second? Um, the 100,000 views means the aggregate of you as an individual. So, if you have two or three clips that get let's say you have three clips that get 30,000 views each, you do not get paid. But if views and then one clip that gets 10,000, you get paid on the whole 100,000. So, so there's just that that's what they mean by minimum payout. So most of these people are creating for these campaigns, they're creating like 50 to 100 different clips across multiple different accounts in order to reach this payment threshold and then they get paid based on the um [clears throat] on on the CPM that was stated. There are also bounties and bonuses. So um these show up in a lot of individual quipping campaigns and you can see here uh we have a bounty for Pirate Software. Uh again, I don't know who sponsored this. Um, I'm I'm just showing you what what what's here. So, here's Pirate Software. Um, it says here that he this is a a payment of $3,000 per million views, which is a multiplier. $300 for a 100,000 views and $3,000 for 1 million views. This is an inviteonly Discord server. So, this is not associated with the uh other Discord server that I I've shown. This is a a secret Discord server. uh because I I think they're a little bit more careful when they're trying to promote individual quips and influencers um ju just from getting people to know about how this works. But you can't hide from Devon Nash. No, sir. So, this is uh Pirate Software gives his thoughts on the recent changes to Kick and um he uh like there's requirements. Post the image below. All platforms are allowed. So, they'll allow Tik Tok, reels, they everything. And then there's like a command associated with it. But this is basically just a clip of like Pirate Software talking about quip kick and whoever wanted this promoted is paying for it to be promoted. So sometimes there's bounties and sometimes you get paid quite a bit for those now. Next, the campaigns usually have a maximum cap. So we were not seeing that in the in the previous ones that I'm showing you, but oftentimes the campaigns cap at like$10,000 to $20,000 at which point they shut off. And and to be clear, I don't think that the servers that are doing this are scammy about this. Like you might think, oh, like they cap it at $10,000 and every they don't tell anybody that that everybody else that creates clips, like there's a bunch of free clips that are done. In my experience, like like looking at this stuff and doing all this research and studying it, there there isn't really a situation like that. Like there's a pretty clear progress bar to indicate when the cap has been reached and when you don't make money from clipping anymore in in most of these cases. I haven't really seen a lot of like black hat marketing in that direction. just to give credit where credit's due. Like my my interest is in honest information. That's I'm not trying to make a value judgment here. Uh there'll be plenty of that later in the video and and just for you to decide. Um so I I didn't see that here. U most of this stuff is is is very well put together. I mean by like pretty elite operators and um it seems to be pretty above board in ter I mean the Clippers get paid and they get paid a base CPM which you saw from Caleb's campaign that I listed here and then they also get to keep the RPM which means like the money the platform itself pays you. So you get both the CPM, which is like the the the the 75 cents per thousand that gets paid out through the campaign, and then you also get to earn whatever the YouTube short or the reel actually makes off of the ad revenue just off of the platform. So this ends up being a pretty good deal for like second and third world people, which are kind of the majority of people that are uh participating in the system. You you get you can end up probably getting like an RPM of like maybe like a $150 to $2 an hour. And for like first world or Americans or people like that, you know, that's going to probably translate to about like like $300 or $400 a month. Like obviously the work that you put in um you get more, but for for people in in um less advantaged comp countries that are getting paid by um that are getting paid, uh that can be [clears throat] very notable. And it's worth noting also that although I didn't post it in my research here, all of these payments that I saw, literally all of them are in USDT. So, they're paid via cryptocurrency. Uh, you're paid out via cryptocurrency. I guess in this case, this is a PayPal payment, so it might just be a direct payment, but almost all the campaigns I saw are paid out via USDT. So, that's a that's a um cryptocurrency that's tethered to the dollar. So, that's notable because I I I think that's very favorable to third like third world and second world countries. Okay. So, um let's take a person like Clevicular that we were talking about before and you've got the 2.2 billion views on top of 70,000 quips. Like how expensive is this campaign to run? Like how how crazy are we talking here? Uh well, it's going to be about 31,700 views on average for because we're just taking the 2.2 billion and we're dividing it by um the 70,000. And you get paid if you aggregate 100,000 views. You don't get paid if your total clips are below that. So there will be some percentage of uh people that just don't get paid, but I I think the majority do. Um but let's say that like in a situation, just to give you an idea, where even like in a a crazy number where like 70% of the views are free, which I I think it's probably closer to like 20% or 30%. The math on it is it would cost $666,371 a month even at $1 CPM just to run Clav's campaign alone. Not even considering all these other people. So literally hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars are being spent every month to do this. So who's doing it? Who's paying for this? Right? That's that that to me is one of the most interesting parts because a couple of things, right? Number one, um this is there are not many people that can set up campaigns like this. We're talking like management of hundreds of people and like like this is elite operator marketer stuff. This is not like streamers. Okay. Um very few of these streamers are running these campaigns themselves. There are people that are doing it like there are streamers that are running these campaigns themselves like to lesser degrees. And and I mean you could also just have three people in your Discord do clips for you and you could run a campaign like this yourself. But when when I'm talking about these big Discord operations, these are being funded and it's really interesting to see who is actually funding them and what is actually going on here because with respect to the streamers, I don't think that most streamers are really businessoriented. Um that's just been my experience being a top talent manager for many years. I I don't think that um and now I'm an agent on the brand side. I've always I've worked with thousands of influencers. uh great great entertainers mostly not the sharpest tools in the show when it comes to business with a few exceptions. So, they're not going to run campaigns like this. Who is running these campaigns? Well, let's go back to our friend Clvicular and see what he says about it in this clip. One of the fastest come-ups in streaming. Absolutely. Why do you think you're the fastest growing creator in the world right now? I think I have a lot of strategies that uh are good for viral clipping engagement. I think kick has helped push me a lot with their clipping budget. So, you know, over six figures a month. >> So, kick over six figures a month >> and and that campaign have been going towards pushing me out there to new audiences because on kick there's not really a lot of growth, right? There's not as many users as Twitch. So, people aren't organically coming across your streams. So, they kind of have to incentivize people to stream on that platform in other ways. And one of the ways they go about it is uh with the clipping program where there's like a, you know, 20 or $30 CPM. Um, and that kind of incentivizes people. >> He for the 20 and $30 CPM, he's referring to bounties, the system that we referred to before. The actual CPMs are much lower, but everything else he said is true. So, that's right. The primary way that all this is being funded is that Kick is literally paying for it, the platform. So, the streaming platform Kick is quite literally paying for all of this. They are paying to the tune of actually millions of dollars a month to um uh do this. Now, you might say, uh why uh do they really love their streamers so much that they just want to feature their broadcasters? Um well, I mean, that's like a part of it, but um I there's a couple more interesting things that are going on. So, let's talk about um the kick funnel and what is happening. Now you may you astute observer you you deep analysis person you may have noticed a particular line right here. Now this is the public discoursing uh this is the public discord for the clipping. Um like like if you want to start with clipping you come here. But what if you want to be one of these kick clippers? Well you have to get into the kicksp specific program and there is an application once you've been established to get into that. That's the funnel. So you start in the free place and then you eventually get into these invite only places where all of the secrets go. And the invite only places where all the secrets go are quite interesting. Okay, because um I mean we can't possibly know what goes on there because they're invite only and no one would ever invite me or would they? Okay, so um I I did some I did some underground journalism, got into a couple of these servers, and u you can see here as the overlay guide, let's read this. Please use the examples below to make sure the kick logo and watermark placement is correct on all clips. The kick overlay should always be clearly visible and placed so that it can be properly seen at all times. Make sure the overlay is sized and placed exactly in this guide before submitting. It must stay visible at all times. Must remain clear or instructed at all times. sized and placed to fit your clip exactly as shown in this guide. Um, some UI stuff here. Follow the examples. Incorrect logo placement may result in your clip being rejected. Aka, very important right there. That's kind of the key thing to focus on. If you do not put the kick logo, as seen right here onto your clips, you do not get paid. So, every one of these multiple billions of views has that kick logo square right into the right right in the bottom for the entire duration of the video. And every one of the clippers is doing that. Um, that is why Kick is doing this. You must have the kick banner on every clip. If you mess it up, there's no pay whatsoever. how are these influencers by kick being chosen? Um, I can't figure that out. I I I've gotten a lot of different people uh kind of like weighing in on that. Nearest I can tell, it's basically who you know it kick. Now, they like technically offer this program uh via the the the kick partner program, the KPPP they call it. They offer it to any kick partner. And and I'm actually pretty confident that if you were kick partner, you could probably message somebody like like some staff member and be like, "Hey, I want to be in on this." Uh and you could probably do it. And and I think to some degree they would feature you, but like what determines that um like these people get like featured over like these people? I I think it's arbitrary. Uh, and also just that some of these people have like Clvicular like also just did really well when it comes to like the the the way that he gets viewership. It just just just worked like he it actually helped him go viral and and and a lot of the stuff that he did like went viral on its own once it got featured everywhere. So I I I think there's a lot of that kind of stuff going on with the kick stuff and um I like I it's it's uh it's it's a little bit uh it's a little bit iffy. So Kick is quite literally spending millions of dollars, like actually millions of dollars per month to promote broadcasters and then they're also paying them on the back end through the partner program as well. And simultaneously they're doing this as a marketing strategy to bring people to kick. So the the the the the is a different approach from like like to understand this we've got to kind of go back in time a little bit and we have to understand how Twitch uh the the the main live streaming website that has most of the viewers right now well YouTube now has all those viewers but but used to have a lot of the viewers their marketing strategy in 2015ish like like 2012 this started we'll talk about like the Twitch marketing strategy their marketing strategy was to pay streamers individually to stream on the platform and they got bonuses based on how many viewers they had and like how how many hours they streamed and like the and like the Twitch way of doing this was to offer contracts to streamers for flat rates plus like minimum guarantees and bonuses with the idea of keeping them on the platform. This was an exclusive thing. And kick actually doesn't care about if you're like exclusive most of the time or not except for their like very top people. Um so the marketing strategy that Twitch used to use was to pay before they ran out of money and like Amazon basically cut their budget. I mean they're a ghost ship now, right? But um before they basically cut their budget, uh this was how Twitch operated. So Kick has uh looked at this and Kick has said, you know what, we want to go a different route and they're using a playbook that they used at Stake. stake is the kind of um partner company to kick. I I know they don't like that that um they don't like that association, but I I mean like literally when I was on the podcast with the owner of um uh to me it's like if your executives are are cross-sectional decision makers on on on each like if you're if you you're you have an executive, you have a CMO and the CMO makes decisions for both stake and both kick like they're associated companies. That's it. Right. Like and when I talked to Eddie um the the owner of um Kick who was very charitable to me honestly on the podcast uh he was very transparent about that. So so look to me it's like a very it's an associated company. Stake had the playbook. You might have seen this even if you're a pretty savvy social media person. You might remember when you were seeing like stake logos all over the place across like all social media. That's just this playbook, right? Like this is people getting paid to post steak logos everywhere. They took that playbook and they and they optimized it and they put it out there for kick. And this has a dual um this has like a dual purpose of like one, it it blows the streamers up. So it like it markets them. And number two, it um uh it uh it obviously brings people to the website because 2.2 billion people are seeing the kick logo. And some of them like some very small percentage are going to go to kick and check it out. And uh this is going to boost their live viewership as well. So, like on YouTube shorts and like Tik Toks and reals and stuff, the conversions are bad like percentage wise. Like you, you know, you might it's like 0000 1%. Uh but it doesn't matter if you have two billion views and like the the aggregated views of all these people are are are way more um you're going to have some people come to your website. Now, look, I'm a marketer, okay? I'm a brand agency owner. I like this is smart marketing. Like like from their perspective, like whatever you might think about the ethics of it, and you're well within your rights to think about the ethics and the morals of this. Um, but but like that's like I I'm here to just present the information. I got to say though, like like from a perspective of like like what Twitch did, which is like, okay, we've got to grow our website somehow. Like we could pay streamers millions of dollars to stay on on the platform and then we are making those streamers responsible for their own growth. So all the old all the OGs that got the contracts and got paid on Twitch, they all had to solve the growth problem themselves. Like bringing viewers to the website was up to them. But Kick is saying, "No, we are actually going to do this for you and we're going to bring people to the website and this is where our marketing budget is going to go." So they're spending tens of millions of dollars because this is a like understanding that this is a ecosystem that feeds them. That's why this exists. Okay? Kick would not be paying this kind of money if they didn't want to actually build the platform. So like from the perspective of of a pure marketing perspective, this is a superior marketing strategy than what Twitch did. It just is like they're taking the growth into their own hands. they're getting views on way they're they're getting way more views like when Twitch paid people to put money uh to get gave money to streamers. They were still benefiting the content creator economy and people made a lot of money off there were people like Shroud and made millions of dollars off that kind of stuff. Um a lot of people that got paid contracts, all those top streamers, Pokemon, all those people like they they did really well back when they were paying contracts but Twitch was basically paying them uh to to to and then saying you're responsible for your own growth and like we hope that works out. Meanwhile, Kick says, "No, we're going to blast ourselves everywhere and then we're also going to boost these streamers as a as a side effect." So, like from a pure marketing perspective, like dude, like you you got to look at the hustle across billions and billions of views. It's actually a lot of impressions. So, um I think though that what we need to talk about next is kind of the darker side of it. We we need we need to go over like why exactly this works and like what this is doing to the algorithm, what this might mean for like the future of content and and I think like how this is tricking algorithms and and like I think we need to like go into like a little bit of the darker side that kind of stuff being said. So before we do that, that's right, we've got the secret call out 2440. 2440, please post in the comments down below that you're still here for a deep analysis Devon Nash video. 2440 is the secret call. Um, I got two things for you guys. Number one, um, just thank you. Thank you very much for supporting this. Uh, I don't really do this stuff because I'm mostly on the business side, so I don't have anything to like really sell you. But if you did want to support me, oh my gosh, it would be such an honor. You could go check out my Patreon page. Um, my Patreon page is uh $5. Five [clears throat] $5. Where'd it go? We're going to open a new one. It disappeared. It's It's shy today. Uh but uh my Patreon page is $5 and I post a literally ridiculous amount of videos here. So you can see here how to build an unbeatable workday step by step is the last video. I have quite literally hundreds of videos here that are not on YouTube. They're nowhere else. If you're interested in self-improvement, if you're interested in how I run businesses, um you can see here I've got work days, I got um productivity guides, I've got overcoming buying resistance and making better sales. Everything I've ever learned in the business world is here. Um, it's just video after video after video. And I, um, I have a couple of tiers. I've got the $5 one and I that's just all the videos you get. And then there's a a higher tier if you want to join it, which you can actually talk with me live every Saturday and we go over like what you're doing in your business and it's like direct coaching and it's really cool. So check it out, please. That that would mean a lot to me if you wanted to support the Patreon. Other than that, I do do some consulting. There's a link down below. It's closed right now, so probably not relevant, but um, I do do it. So that's it. The secret call at 2440. Thank you guys for supporting this. And let's get on to why this abuses the algorithm and why this works. Section five. Um, which I think is kind of the most interesting section. I I I I think this is like this is kind of the meat of it. So um let's kind of talk about the like first principles logic of like how platforms think about things and to understand that this B like this used to be different like it used to be that kind of Instagram had their own way of doing this Facebook had their own way of doing this and then YouTube kind of just broke the mold and YouTube was like oh we just like straight up figured it out and and and then like pretty much everybody copied them. Then Tik Tok came along and said, "Okay, we're going to use that system, but we're going to figure it out for short form." So, we're gonna we're going to take seven to 60 second videos instead of your eight to 15 minute videos, and we're going to make these into um we're going to make these popular. And and the whole idea of it of of an algorithm is it's it's simply to orient an audience towards videos that they want to see. So, one of the major signals for doing that is and just deciding that content is important in general is like the number of people they're talking about. So, think about like um if uh I if a news topic like let's say something like a big uh presidential thing happens or there's like big news in the world, a big volcano erupts or something um a wizard comes along and and and erupts a volcano through sheer willpower and intent alone. How do we like hear about that and like how does an algorithm know that that's important? Well, a big part of it is just volume. Like a bunch of people saw the volcano blow up and a bunch of people that didn't see the volcano blow up want to talk about the volcano blowing up and a bunch of analysts who are volcano specialists want to come in and talk about the optics of the volcano blowing up. So what happens? Well, there's a lot of volume, right? There's a lot of like suddenly there's just like a bunch of quips and there's a bunch of information. There's a bunch of different people talking about that form of content and now the algorithm goes, "Oh, oh, that's important. So I we need to feature that." So the algorithm says everybody wants to talk about the volcano. I'm going to push the volcano. So imagine what kind of signal it sends when you have 69 550,000 clips in a month in 30 days talking about this guy. The algorithm just goes this is the most important person in the world. Um this guy is wants everybody to talk about him. So if you've like had that experience of like you just like open anywhere and you're like it's like covicular covicular. You're I what is looks mac? I don't even care about this guy. I never even googled anything like this. What what is happening? It's because the algorithm is actually getting tricked. Like like I like I promised you this is not a bait video. Like this is actually a game system. They are uploading so many clips and the volume is so much that it's just telling the algorithm, hey, you should talk about this person non-stop. He's blowing up. This is the most important thing in the world. So, what is so crazy about this, and this is like the this is the nuttiest thing about this video, like it's just not an exaggeration, that content creation isn't about being interesting or engaging anymore. like like the previous type of content creation where you you had to like have like a personality [laughter] and like I'm not saying that like some of the like some of these creators don't have these personalities. It's subjective, right? Like what what is good content and what isn't is like a very subjective thing. But I will tell you like I guess subjectively in my opinion that a lot of the people on this list are boring as hell and you might agree with that or they're just outright just like not like like kind of like skezy type of people, right? Like like some of them are great, but like like like some of them are legitimately just boring as hell. Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. You have 70,000 clips. You you go anywhere you want. It's just not going to make a difference what your content is. And that kind of fundamentally undermines like the whole purpose of like what content creation was. It kind of is like content creation was kind of a voting system. It was kind of like, oh, like we think this guy like Mark Robber is interesting, so we're going to like watch his video. And then that video and then everyone's like, yay, that video is going to do well. Oh, and then Mark River was like, "Wow, I got rewarded for that. I'll make more videos." And like so the cycle goes, but now the algorithm will just pick up anybody no matter how uninteresting or how boring at this volume. And it's just going to push it no matter what because it's taught that the sheer volume of posts about the same thing equals that that's important. So this is what like like this is where we get into kind of the the dark side of the issue. Like you are not even choosing the content that you you watch anymore. the algorithm by volume and these paid clipping campaigns are quite literally choosing it for you. It doesn't matter how you participate. It doesn't matter if you click not interested or whatever. It doesn't matter. Like you can't you can't not interested yourself out of two billion views of Civicular. He's coming. You he he's he's coming. And it was some kick executive that decided that for you, right? Like like like it's it's not the fact that he organically blew up by the vote of the crowd, by by engagement, by likes, by um and that sort of thing. There's an aspect of that, right? Like like there there's there's there's a part of that that's true, but he kind of blew up because somebody decided or or or somebody gave a lot of money to somebody and said, "Hey, um we're going to pay 60 we're going to pay for 69,000 views and 2,000 people full-time to just literally spam social media with all this stuff." And that's also why like that like that what what that also does is that drives down the um the the quality of the clips as well because if there have already been 51,775 clips submitted and then you watch the 51,776th one. It doesn't have to be interesting content that like your lived experience is you just watch a bad quip. But because the algorithm had 50,000 uh uh videos before it, it was just like, "No, this is he's going to like this." And you're like, "I don't really like this." And it's like, "You you do like it. You have to like it." 50,000 people other videos said that that it's there. You you better like it right now. Here's another one. You don't like that one? Take this one. GOD. AND AND AND now you're just like, "Ah, like like leave me alone." Like, right? Like, so we are no longer in social media. Nothing you do is social media. Social media is like you go on Discord and say hello to your friend. Discord is the most social media we have now. Like there's like how when's the last time you went on Twitter and you talk to your friend? It never happens, right? Like you're talking to the people that and and and you're consuming the topics that the algorithm says that you should consume. The the the the content that you watch isn't even stuff that you choose anymore. The the the interests that you have are no longer social. It's it's not like keeping up with your college buddies. It's it's it's algorithm media. It's it's interest media, I would say, is a better word for social media now. Like um I I I don't think uh like social media is even a proper word for it anymore. It's kind of a different thing. So like you're not even choosing the content you watch anymore, man. It's crazy. So what do we do about it, right? Like last section. I mean like what to do if there is anything to be done. just a couple of like observations and commentary from you know your your your your friend the marketer Devon Nash. Um well we are now in a uh so so I I read this like it just so happened I I made this post on X that was about this before I made this video and and like the the post on X as twitter.com/devan Nash. I post like really long form analysis on stuff there. And uh like literally the same day this guy came out with like I'm not saying he like he just like wrote this himself. I think it was just a total coincidence that he came out came out at the same time. Never heard of this dude. Um doesn't even follow me I guess. But um he put this thing out there called the quipping economy and it basically concludes the same thing that I'm telling you right now which is like man quips are taking over like a lot of the attention economy. There's some very weird stuff in this article. Um, I mean like basically what he's saying is we we've now moved from like a content economy to like the way that it was before to like now everything's just clips. And there's some stuff in here that's like a little bit questionable. Like this graph for example where you see here it says average live viewership versus clip viewership. So, you take a person like Hassan who averages about 33,000 uh viewers live. And then it says like like in the same amount of time for April, he's already gotten 700,000 views on his um on his uh on his content, his long like long and short form content. This is disingenuous that the like uh the the person that uh that wrote this article, while I think they should keep doing work um because they they write interesting things and I just encourage everybody to write interesting things, um they're probably not in this field in the same way. Um like like so this for example uh is not correct right this is a false equivalence because Hassan might have 33,000 viewers at at one given time. So when you go on his stream you see oh he has 33,000 viewers but that represents a snapshot in time. There is in fact like a churn and the churn is going quite quickly so that the end of his stream will actually represent a unique viewership of much much higher. The number will be way closer to this number. Also that 33,000 viewers is just counting like one stream. He streams every single day uh for for for tons of people. So in reality his like total live streaming exposure and that's most likely true for click clavvicular as well. Why why did he have to choose that name? It's so hard to say. Um the viewership is actually equal. So this is like not a very good representation of this um this concept. You can't like really pay attention to this. This is kind of like a critical mistake with this article. But the uh the the the fun the foundation of it which is like the clip economy is big and it's being gamed that's good and and I and I think that's true. Um and uh I I think like a much better way to sort of interpret this is just to see this here just to get an idea of like okay well these are like all the views that just kick is doing that that that that show how much of of like your social media experience your interest media experience is being dictated by this. So, um I do agree that we're in a clipping economy. And in my post on X, I um I ended up saying at the end like my conclusion here was um straight up like wherever you stand on it, streaming, live streaming and and kind of content creation in general is just a much more gamed ecosystem now and it will remain. So there is no way to really police this behavior because it hijacks the algorithm. Like we talked about how the algorithm kind of perceives um like importance. Uh I guess you could have like individual employees at these companies like ban the the the individual people, but it would be like very weird and like very hard to do. So there's no so like live streaming like streaming is relates to kick and it's just kind of a gamed ecosystem. Like there will be very few broadcasters that come up in the next few years that aren't utilizing the strategy. Now, notably, there are broadcasters that are coming up not utilizing it. I I I think the the biggest example, the one is the the video that I did before this, which was an analysis on the burnt peanut. And the burnt peanut is a person who is, to my knowledge, not using that clipping service yet. Um, he's either he's doing a couple other tricks. Not like, for example, he has a 24/7 stream online. So, he hosts the 24/7 stream when he goes offline. The the 24/7 stream then hosts him when he goes online. So, that um is kind of a that's set up by his agency that they're real smart guys. And um a lot of the top streamers do that now to not churn viewers so that the AFK viewers like sit at like sit at the bottom of that stream and then they uh they kind of continuously rehost themselves. So you might have an AFK viewer for like 4 days that still counts as a viewer, right? Cuz he just left his computer on or something or left his TV on. Um so there's a little bit of that, but like Burnt Peanut's not gaming that system and he's like the biggest streamer on Twitch right now. So it's like there are people that can still come up by not utilizing this, but it's like you like it's like climbing up a mountain of ice without the little ice picks. Like sure there's like some guy that might be able to like dig his hands in and just like right, but like overall like you're going to have to utilize this system to to be competitive, which kind of sucks, I think. I mean that that's um that's uh that's kind of iffy. Um I I I also think so we're talking about like overall concepts. So we're now in the quipping economy. That was like number one. We are now in the quipping economy. And like for that I agree and I think it's going to stay that way for the foreseeable future. Now, somebody in my comments, you smart guy, you mentioned that it is possible that LLM get advanced enough that they can kind of detect this behavior and then as a result, they're kind of added into algorithms and they suppress it down. I I don't know. It would be hard to differentiate between like an actual viral topic and one that's being farmed just by the way this works. But that's a cool concept that that that's kind of a cool idea. Um, next thing I think in ter in terms of this like what to do about it like section is um, you know, live viewership in general when it comes to streaming like just doesn't really matter. Um, it's like the like the long form stuff is just more of a way to to get content to do clips these days. Uh, most people follow everything through short form. So I if you have heard of a of a broadcaster like Asmin Gold, like you've probably seen like some kind of clip of him rather than like watch his live stream. I don't think this will change. I I I don't think that real brand power comes from like live viewership. And for that matter, I I I also think that brand power doesn't really come from short form either. So, um I think most of these people on this list are going to be people that we don't care about in 2 years. I I like the the difference is going to be the people that are creating authentic long- form content like whatever you think about Asmin Gold. Um, and I'm not here to pass a value judgement on anyone. I just gotten out of that style of my life. I just want to I want to like champion everybody. I want to like like be the the like at at the highest levels for anybody that's actually doing anything. Okay, for the most part. Um, so from a pure marketing perspective for you look at a creator like Asmin Gold and this dude is like consistently hitting seven to eight long form 20 minute videos every single day. Plus he's part of the clipping system. Okay. So like in terms of brand authenticity like we're going to be hearing from Asmin Gold. He's right here by the way. He's got the 66 clippers, 2,000 videos, and 70 million views, which I think a lot of those views are just his own views on his long form content. But yeah, like um I think we're going to be hearing from people like this who have set up like a long form strategy on their own media for a long period of time. And I think Asmin Gold like I mean from a marketing standpoint, I think he's one of the most impressive people out there like like like he he's he's really understands the system or his team does. I think he's a smart guy though. Um, and he knows like not only how to address different topics and and and communicate them, but he also knows how to create long- form content. Like you literally almost can't get through a single day of his content. Like like here's a 2hour one, 2 hours and 30 minute. Like you'd have to be watching this guy all day every day to consume everything he posts out in a week. So there's in a day, excuse me. So this kind of thing is going to last. I think a lot of these sort of like short form videos like are just like going to sort of fizzle out. people like, "Okay, like I get it. Like this guy's like like kind of the talk of the town." And then you you kind of get your 15 minutes and um you peace out. It's kind of over. Okay. Like like um it it for most of these people, I don't think they're going to stick around. Um for the people that are doing authentic long form strategy and like they they are really thinking through their marketing plan and their brand power and they have like unique message more so I think they'll be around. Um, in terms of the ethics and morality of this, I I think you've got two perspectives. Uh, the the the first one's going to be the one that I think most people have, which is um this is astrourfing content creators and it's creating false ecosystems. Um, I I think that's a perfectly fine way of looking at it. [laughter] like like um because it is very true that like a content creator that is interesting um by by like the subjective definition that most people would look at them and think about it like like oh that person is interesting right will will just get blown out by the massive trumpet that is 60,000 clips from a totally uninteresting person or 10,000 or whatever the number is whoever the influencer is right um and that influencer by virtue of the fact that they have a paid system behind them uh that is that is generating all this media will just get propelled to the top of the algorithm in all the ways that we explained in this video and it's astroturfing is a term that means like you're just kind of creating like a false campaign that's like not really real and I think a lot of people will um look at the ecosystem and say we are we are worse for this being the case and and they're I think they're perfectly within their rights to think that um and I I like I try to stay out of like the personal opinions but I would lean more towards that direction than I would the next opinion which is like well it's it's a it's a new age marketing campaign to drive viewers especally like for kick to drive viewers to itself. Um, and okay like like I I I can see that from the perspective of a marketer that that like again like this is a superior campaign to run and like were I at the top of a platform like kick and making decisions like this, I would probably make the same decisions to market my platform out um at the expense of I guess the entire content creator ecosystem. Who knows, you know? So so so or maybe I wouldn't. But the point is like they're making them and um and I I understand it from that marketing perspective. Okay. But then I like here's a really interesting point and uh this is from from Nick Pull. Props, one of the only other influencers that uses his full name um NMP. He's a live streamer on Twitch and he he posted something that I I just like I I I wanted to include in this video cuz I just didn't think about it. I was like, "Oh, this is actually huge." So he he posted this. I'm curious with all of these clippers and them getting paid to do so. Aren't these mini hashtag ads? So, he's referring to the FTC guideline that says that if you've paid for somebody to do content, uh, that needs to be an ad. Like, you need to disclose that's an ad. So, do they not need to disclose they're being paid? And that's a federal requirement in the United States of America, but you've got to do it. You might see like those hashtag ads for any kind of like sponsorship stuff. I I do um so so my job outside of um making these videos and this this is just fun, right? Um my job is to uh I support brands. I work for brands and I build them big influencer campaigns and I pay influencers to um to to to talk about products or talk about services that these brands have and we get we make the brands a lot of money but we have to put hashtag ad on every single one of those videos that we do because they're sponsored videos and the FTC guidelines require us to um communicate that. Uh, so Nick kind of brought up like something I didn't even think about, which is like why aren't all of these paid clippers required to do that? And the answer is because like we're operating like a gray hat area of marketing right now where it's this is just not being considered. So this is kind of a big deal, right? Like like if the eye of Sauron were to turn on this and like like you know what's interesting is like I mean like like Trump just did an ad with the UFC and the UFC sponsored by stake. So like at what point does the government like kind of be like is this what are we doing here? Right. And um you know at the point where somebody might like like report this or something like it could get interesting. So curious how it's different than let's say McDonald's paying me to tweet about their burgers. And I thought about this for a while like like when I I I told him thanks like I'm going to put this in the video because honestly like like to me I mean like you would need somebody to legally sort this out but to me that's exactly the same thing. Like you're paying for an ad for your stream because you're you're you're quite literally paying a paid clipper. the clipper is getting paid to promote your services and they're getting paid to do that. I mean, that's like kind of textbook definition of an ad to me. I think that's the same thing as a hashtag ad. That would need to be sorted out in court. Like, to be very clear, that is not well that that's not delineated on yet. Like, we don't know. But what we do know is that like for influencer based content, content that is sponsored or content is sponsored by brands directly or things like that, um, you got to you got to you got to disclose it. I I do that for thousands of influencers every month. So, um, it's interesting. This just a very interesting thought here that I wanted to include. Um, I think it's a real important point. Um, couple of last points that we've got here. Um, that that that I I think are interesting. Wherever you stand on it, streaming isn't like what it used to be and and content creation is not what it used to be. the ecosystem is different and it will remain that way I think because again there's no way to police this behavior like we talked about earlier and live streaming especially is now like a totally rigged game because there is no way to grow like you're like you are a 10 viewer 15 viewer person and you're not utilizing these strategies and like and look like hey I just want to talk to like there are a lot of small content creators that watch this channel I know you're not hopeless okay like you could go get a couple of your friends together you could go get two or three people and you could go make some clips um post them on different platforms on different accounts and see Yeah, they do. You will you get two billion views and will you be clvicular? No. But will you meaningfully increase the amount of viewership and exposure you have relative to your own work that you put in? Yes, you will do that, right? So, I don't want anybody to lose hope because you you could you could definitely um boost yourself by doing like some miniaturaturized version of this. But but certainly like in terms of like if you want to go up there and be like the top percentage of people, it is a rigged game now. and content creation in general like across like a lot of social media platforms is going this way because of services like we talked about these Discord servers and things like that. Um and however that makes you feel I mean like you are within your right to feel it. I for me personally like you know I don't like to get involved these days in this stuff as far as like my personal opinion. Two reasons for that. One, I'm out of the game. Like I I like like I work for brands, so my interest is in like interesting marketing stuff and interesting advertising stuff. My job is to educate. Um, two, I just want people to make their own decisions. I don't like the idea of like me influencing your opinion or anything like that. But if you must know like where I kind of stand on it, obviously I'm like the old man like shaking his fist at the clouds like, "Do you remember when people were actually interesting?" And like I feel a little bit of that. Um, but I also acknowledge like this is the ecosystem that we're in. Um, I'm just glad that I could be here and post videos like this because this took a lot of research to do. This is this uh this took me several weeks to figure out exactly how this functions and get all these individual data points right to be able to share it with you. And I hope this video and this this this this deep dive quite literally was as interesting for you as it was for me making it because ultimately I just love marketing and how this stuff works. Um, if it was interesting, hey, like go check out the Patreon. Throw five bucks at it. Go check out my other videos and stuff like that. Otherwise, just enjoy the stuff free on YouTube. Whatever you got to do, whatever you want to do, I appreciate you just for being here, honestly. Thank you everybody. We will see you again next time for whatever crazy video we we think up next. Until then, goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nokaccino [2 likes]: Please cover Clavicular in greater detail. He is a future Andrew Tate. His Discords are absolutely teeming with racist teenagers desperate for validation, crypto schemes, and violently misogynistic rhetoric (r*pe comments on pics of women they "rate" are frequent).
  2. @mikeymartyr [1 likes]: when he says "every single creator/podcast thats popular right now" and you think "but not MY favorite creator/podcast" yes, he means your favorite creator/podcast. err on the side of suspicion, we dont know these people and we dont /really/ know what they will or wont do when this whole thing is their job and their livelyhood
  3. @VincentDux-m8u: 2440
  4. @WhatsThePointOfIt: Organized crime has been playing you pukes for millennia. Any time you start to become aware of the game, they change the facade and you all fall for it again and again and again and again. I think at this point they are just paying with their food cause of AI and they already own everything. After all, Mr. Beast, PewPew, and 99.99% of all the other popular kids are all fake. They became the voice of humanity because dumb people thought "Oh, they are soooo cool! Everyone loves them, I should love them too!". Everyone wants on the latest bandwagon. BTW, YT is apart of it. How else they gonna milk companies for ad revenue? AI is simply going to make this 1000x worse. People think giving the world to a bunch of psychopaths is cool... people will find out the hard way. Slavery is going to be sooooo coool!!!
  5. @Blanchtard: 24:40
  6. @UmbreonxUmbreon: Only been watching small creators, hate the thought of not being in control was watching my own entertainment
  7. @julian4085: 24:40
  8. @enislive: 24:40
  9. @redcooler4804: you are insufferable to listen to. I hope I never have any other exposure to you in relation to poe content.
  10. @pictx8eiyecl: The Tate method. Soon in your marketing class books.
  11. @RussellD11: same as you huh?
  12. @ambeegaming76: Sometimes I'll watch Facebook reels when I get into bed and sometimes I'll come across an account I like, so I'll follow them, like the video and leave a comment and I never seen them pop up in my feed again they just vanish but I keep getting all kinds of things from people I skip right over.
  13. @hunterl6249: i just call it shadow sponsors. Weird to see so many midlings pretend they invented sliced bread, lmao. Ben shapiro been doing it since forever.
  14. @SirDeimosKnightOfMars: 24:40
  15. @BOSSposes: Maoist critical  , Asmongold , so on are all on the same agency so is this kid
  16. @HolyShabazz: all they have to do is update the algorithm to combat clippers and boom they kill the entire clipping economy, i could see them doing that pretty soon, youtube has been mass demonetizing channels so i think they are starting to change the algorithm.
  17. @ppstorm_: lmao everyone knew this 10 years ago, youre out of touch boomer
  18. @tcpoole: I've never had a video with so much truth make me so depressed.
  19. @ozelot: I made an AI agent that creates AI agents that create more AI agents, that create content 24/7. These 1,000,000 AI-clippers will produce 2.5 Billion clips next month. "INTERNET AD ABSURDUM"
  20. @HibbsInJohto: so funny seeing snackademics up there :face-green-smiling::face-green-smiling: that dude is the worst

- Why Liquid Death’s Branding Sells—Even Though Its Water Isn’t Special | WSJ The Economics Of: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ Breaking the law, breaking the law ♪ - [Narrator] This isn't what it looks like. These kids aren't cracking open beers. They're hydrating with Liquid Death, a water brand that ditched the serene mountain springs for skulls, punk rock and viral chaos. What started as a joke, marketing water like booze, has evolved into a company with a $1.4 billion valuation. And it's all built on one simple idea: making the plainest drink in the world feel rebellious. - The success of the bottled water industry is really the success of the marketing industry. (upbeat music) - [Narrator] This is the Economics of Liquid Death. These are some of the top luxury bottled water brands in the US. Evian highlights its water's journey from the French Alps. Smart Water markets its vapor distilled H2O with added electrolytes. And Fiji emphasizes its aquifer and pH level of 7.7. Liquid Death has none of that. - The traditional marketing strategy for bottled water as a premium product was all about purity. - [Narrator] And that strategy has a lot to do with the distrust of tap water. Experts say 59% of American water users think that bottled water is safer than tap. - Bottled water brands are just sitting back, you know. They don't need to do anything. This distrust is out there and people are buying this water. - There's not really anything that's incredibly different about our water or our products, but there really is nothing incredibly different of any product almost anywhere. It's all just brand differences and packaging differences, and that's why people buy things. - [Narrator] Liquid Death's CEO Mike Cessario wanted to compete with luxury brands like Fiji and Evian. - We're premium. We have to be. But we don't wanna be far and away the most expensive thing on the shelf. - [Narrator] To target a consumer willing to spend money on luxury water, the company focused on differentiation. - We've seen it as an aspirational product. We've seen it as a kind of goop-esque health product, but we haven't seen it as this like counterculture product. And that's just enough for someone, when they're passing the water aisle, to do a double take. And even those matter of seconds, when it comes to consumer marketing, those are seconds that marketers will spend millions of dollars trying to buy from you. - [Narrator] Thanks to that identity, the company didn't have to spend millions on ad agencies. Instead, it relied on going viral from the very start. - Liquid Death, especially in the beginning, relied a lot on organic marketing. You're basically cutting out millions of dollars in distributing your ads. - [Narrator] This paved the way for a move into physical retail, like grocery stores, convenience shops and bars. - A really good thing of distribution that they've done is getting into bars quite early on. You know, we don't really see that so much with the newer soda brands, for instance, which prioritize retail and wholesale. - [Narrator] The company targeted audiences in places where it would want its cans photographed and shared. A 2021 partnership made Liquid Death the exclusive water sold at Live Nation concerts nationwide. - So many people have told us, "Yes, the first time we ever heard of Liquid Death, or saw it, was at a festival." And then eventually, you have to imagine those people then see our marketing elsewhere, and then, or the next time they're in a store, like, "Oh, there's that water that I had at the concert." - [Narrator] In just a few years, Liquid Death has become one of the most followed beverage brands worldwide, outpacing luxury water brands, and trailing energy drink giants, Red Bull and Monster. And the company has secured distribution in 113,000 retail locations in the US and UK, with retail scanned sales rising to $263 million in 2023, a nearly 140% increase from the year prior. - Now, we've gotten a lot more sophisticated. We can target specific kinds of people with social, geo-targeted around a specific store. Hey, within a 10-mile radius of this store, we can reach these people and try to give them a specific offer or reason to go into that store and purchase and be able to track that. - [Narrator] But Liquid Death's competitors aren't necessarily just other bottled water brands. It's also targeting competitors like nonalcoholic beers, better-for-you sodas and functional beverages. - What they're trying to be is a beverage company. - [Narrator] A year after the original Liquid Death launched, the company started selling sparkling water. Almost two years later, it introduced flavored sparkling waters. Last year, it added iced teas. And to target users of refillable water bottles, Liquid Death released flavored electrolyte packages called Death Dust. - The minute you go into the world of flavor and texture and the sense of adding fizz, then you can stop to sell a product that is a little bit more unique to you and therefore you can charge a little bit more for it. - [Narrator] Today, the company says the majority of their sales come from sparkling flavored water and iced tea. - Over 60, 70% of our business now is not plain water. - [Narrator] But some new launches are still played for the joke, like the brand's collaboration with Van Leeuwen, which introduced a limited edition flavor hot fudge sundae that the company says was Amazon's best ever grocery limited time offer. - We thought it was gonna be a month or two of inventory. We sold out of it in six hours. - [Narrator] It also sells things like an almost $6,000 cold plunge, a $250 murder hole game set, and a mysterious country club membership for the small price of your soul. - Most beverage brands don't have fans. We have people who, they're spending 30 bucks on a t-shirt and we're selling out of it. We've sold over a million dollars worth of Liquid Death gold watches. The brand means something more to people than just like the functional difference of the liquid. - That's all marketing. It's all just a ploy to get that name out there and to get PR and publicity. It's gonna be the drinks that are gonna make them money. - [Narrator] But as trends shift and new brands emerge, Liquid Death does risk becoming flat. - It's just gonna be really interesting to see, as a brand like this get bigger and bigger, can they still sustain this idea of we're a punk rock independent company, when by the very virtue of growing and growing, you're probably not gonna end up doing things that differently. And the question will be, whether consumers like the product enough to keep buying it then, or whether there'll be some kind of pull away when they think that they've been lied to. (bright upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [58 likes]: Aluminum cans froth up in shift for beverage industry: https://on.wsj.com/4gxhxKI
  2. @PhiloVeritasCo [1 likes]: You need to brand water to americans in order for them to choose it over other types of drinks jajajjajajajajaja.
  3. @returo7297 [1 likes]: fail in global
  4. @Kung_fu_s2 [1 likes]: It’s wayyyy over priced.
  5. @walkerb117 [1 likes]: Late stage capitalism
  6. @jostimantatarigan7657: it feels like companies are consistenly testing the boundary of consumer stupidity, and it magically works.
  7. @Snowy123: I dont know who did it but whoever managed to rebrand water is a genius
  8. @Indigo3.7: COMPANY IS TRASH... I LIVE IN TEXAS AND YOU LITTLERALLY CANT FIND CASES OF THEIR REGULAR WATER ANYWHERE.. THEY PUSH THEIR BLAND NAST FLAVORS AND ONLY SELL THE WHITE CANS INDIVIDUALY..  I WAS BUYING CASES WEEKLY.. THEN IT STOPPED LIKE OVER A YEAR AGO.. IVE STAYED AWAY FROM Liquid Death since..
  9. @PrabhatKumar-fn4vy: I drink bisleri.
  10. @MercMC: water userS?
  11. @RaigyoEcU: I haven't watch many people buy Liquid Death, so I don't truly understand people in the comments. As someone who doesn't drink alcohol, doesn't like alcohol but still wants to hang out with friends without being ask to drink alcohol every 30seconds, this product just works perfectly. That's why I don't see many people buying it but me. And no, buying a bottle of water doesn't work because people will still offer you alcohol. And I know people will say you spending $3 dollars on water? And come on people spend like $50 on alcohol on a day and won't remember anything the next day.
  12. @PeterParkerParkour: Only possible to be true in the USA
  13. @Littlefire71: Poison water with sugar rush
  14. @GruneD: To their credit, when cooled this water feels really refreshing. They have to have some sort of process for that.
  15. @philippebarillecavalier9275: People overpaying for water? Meh. Quite innocuous compared to how much is wasted on cars and other status symbols.
  16. @DanielHsHu: And then you hear Gen-Z complaining about high prices...
  17. @SamuraiColorCutter: I immediately lose respect for people who refuse to drink tap water.
  18. @theunseenunknownthatcanbeheard: Water is a crucial indicator of life on planets. Life of this planet: Liquid Death!
  19. @kinganzu: I cant wait until the downfall story comes out. Once valued at 1 billion Liquid Death has been sold for 45 million...
  20. @Josephwildberger: Capitalism is the legal ability to defraud you

- EC'24: Learning from Viral Content: Kind: captions Language: en so right I'm Krishna this was joined with Kev who's sitting there and okay so starting point for this I think it won't surprise anyone here probably anywhere that a big way people get news about various issues now is content on social media and particularly viral content on social media and so an important question is going to be what goes viral and how does that affect what people end up believing and a key feature of various types of social media platforms is what goes viral depends jointly on decisions being made by users and also platform up so let me say a little more about what we mean by that what we have in mind is types of platforms I'll give examples in a moment where users post various types of stories that contain some imp potential information on the platform but forms uh like was just motivated on the last talk don't show people all everything that's been posted they select some new speed that determines essentially a small sample of these stories that people end up reading or looking at users in various ways retweet or share or uput some of these stories we're going to condense this in the model into a single endorsement action and then the platform algorithm determines how these endorsement actions as long as well as a number of other characteristics affect what future users see in their news so of course these these algorithms are large and complicated but what we see as a key platform design choice that we're going to look at in a more stylized way is how much do you show more popular content that's been endorsed a lot or is going viral versus other content that in our model is going to be random but you can think of as being selected along other mostly or doal DS and so what I'm going to tell you about today is an equilibrium model where users are interacting with and sharing new feeds and where we're going to look at some trade-offs for learning between showing more viral content versus more random or unbias content in news feeds so before I get into the model let me just give an overview of the main tradeoff that we're going to find and then I'll tell you about how we formalize that in some of the details on it so the big question is going to be how to showing more viral content in news feeds change learning outcomes and it turns out that in some ways it can be helpful it can be that if I'm showing people mostly viral content in their news feeds then just a few stories can convey a lot of information so as intuition for that let's say that I go onto some community on a social media platform like maybe Reddit and look at the top few posts if I know that those posts are likely to be at the top because they've been upvoted or shared by many people then I don't just learn about the content of those posts and the experiences of the users who posted them I also learned something about the broader opinion and potentially close to consensus in a larger compan and so the stories I see don't just contain the sort of informational content of their signal if I'm able to understand this selection I can also learn about other people's endorsement actions in turn can tell me about other information or experiences that they may have so this is an upside I can learn a lot more potentially from a fews a downside which you might imagine is you can end up in sort of feedback loops where learning goes around and so we call these misleading study States and what we show is this can happen even with rational users trying to share accurate CL and so the intuition Behind These is that most of the content on the platform might be correct but these incorrect stories can get shown more after we sort of wait for virality uh after we think about the fact that the algorithm is mostly showing more popular stories and this can self-perpetuate people see incorrect stories they end up believing the incorrect State they continue uploading incorrect stories again it'll be intuitive this could happen if people are just mechanically following what we they see we're going to show this happens even if people are rational and trying to account for this system so so let me jump into the model uh if you in the first talk in this session this is similarly going to be a sequential learning model people are learning about an unknown state of the world which is either positive or negative agents are arriving one at a time seeing some content and deciding what tissue and they're going to each receive their own news story which is just a signal about this state which is binary and symmetric so it matches the true state with probability q and the incorrect State otherwise and we're going to assume it turns out this isn't too important that they post their story SI on the platform uh we think you could do sort of other assumptions about this and when it's posted it's going to start with a popularity score one this popularity score is going to track how many times it's been shared or sort of more abstractly endorsed they're also going to see okay a sample of case stories from other people so a news feed of case stories that other people posted or shared and I'll tell you in a couple slides how this is sampled but it can depend on the popularities of the different stories and to make the inference sort of tractable we're going to assume that they just see the realizations of these stories and not other information about them and the other thing to mention is well we need to initialize the system so the first person has something to see but you can essentially do this in any way and our results will go their choice then is going to be some number of these stories see a share from their Newsfeed everything they share the popularity score goes up by one and we assume that people want to share stories that match the state so they get a utility of you which is positive from each story that they share that matches the state a utility of Zero from stories that don't match the state and again we see this as a benchmark where you would think people are just something relatively conducive to learning but we'll see learning can still go wrong and just to give okay so this is most of the model I'm going to give an example but I want to say a word about it I know some of these assumptions may feel stylized a lot of the reason we're setting you know if I had more time I would talk about why we think there are reasonable assumptions about the world but we're also setting it up in this way to be able to make analytic progress in a sort of class of models that often proves to be intractable and so I'll say a little more about that I get to the response but let me just go through an example of what's going on in the model so that you can see what's going on so this is an example I guess you can see the the more meeting controls there thanks okay so this is an example where each person is seeing three stories and picking one of them to share so person these are the first five stories that people got person six arrives they see some sample of three of these which might again depend on how popular they are and they end up seeing two positive stories and one negative one their own sort of new story is positive they have to decide which state is more likely maybe based on this they decide that the positive state is more likely uh and they decide to share one of the positive stories it score goes up by one now it's more likely to be sampled by the next person the next person arrives gets a sample decides what to share and so on and this is going to keep on continuing and so the last part of the model to tell you is how do these news feeds actually get sampled and what we're going to look at is a family of sampling roles parameterized by a variable Lambda that says how much do you show more viral or higher popularity score Stories versus more random stories so every time we generate we pick a story for the news feed we're going to with probability Lambda sample a story with probability proportional to its popularity so in a way that selects higher popularity St stories more and with probability one minus Lambda just choose an unbias random story uh out of all the stories that have arrived and so higher Lambda we sh more viral stories lower Lambda we sh more and what we're going to be interested in is what happens on this platform if people are sharing in an optimal way or in a rational way as time goes on and what does that mean for what people end up believe and so to formalize that we're going to look at equilibrium people's strategies are just choices based on their observations of which stories to share we're going to look at be Nash equilibrium with some symmetry assumptions and the way to think about the content of this is that equilibrium means that people are interpreting their news feeds in a visian way and sharing the stories that are more likely to be correct given the basian beliefs that they form there's a lot of details that can't go into about what that what that means but this is the basic Point people are trying to share correct things and rational about the information and we're mainly interested in what happens as the platform GRS large so I'm going to define a strategy to be a limit equilibrium if it's the limit of sequences of equilibria for societies with n agents or platforms with n agents as n goes so to understand what's happening at some equilibrium I'm going to want to stort of the state of the platform and it turns out the key statistic describing the state of the platform at a given time is what we call the viral accuracy the viral accuracy after agent arrives on the platform and decides what to share is the fraction of the total popularity score that's on stories matching the state so this is asking when somebody sh has shared something how often or posted something how often has it matched the true State rather than matching the incorrect state so just to give a quick example of this back to my news feed from before let's say the state is positive here then the positive stories have a total popularity score of six they've been shared more the negative stories have a total popularity score of three that means the viral accuracy is two3 and so in this case people are mostly sharing although not only only sharing and posting correct content if the viral accuracy were less than one half it would mean people are mostly sharing incr content this viral accuracy is useful because it turns out it's going to converge almost surely on the system so if you had an infinite number of Agents sharing using any fixed strategy which might or might not be equilibrium the viral accuracy would converge to some steady state value ex St and so this is going to say this is going to describe the long run accuracy of what people are sharing on the system and it turns out that this converges but it doesn't have to converge to a deterministic limit so it could be that there's a positive probability of converging to one steady state maybe where the viral accuracy is high and a positive probability of converging to another one where the viral accuracy might be low and we're going to distinguish these cases by calling a steady state informative if a random story in somebody's Newsfeed is more likely to match the true State the not and misleading if a random story in somebody's news feed is less likely to at the true St um than uh than the incorrect State and so what we're going to want to ask is at equilibrium do we end up with only informative stady States or do we also get these misleading stud states to do that we want to converge the uh we want to sorry characterize the steady states that you end up at and we do that as fixed points of the sort of natural function we call this the inflow accuracy function and essentially what it says is if the viral accuracy is X right now the value of this function at X is the viral accuracy of the new stories that are getting shared in subsequent VAR so a little more formally it's the expected fraction of the incoming popularity score on stories that match the true state so a steady state intuitively it's going to be somewhere where the new viral accuracy is equal to the current viral accuracy so let me just give an example of this and I'm going to give this example under a strategy that's going to turn out to be important for understanding equilibrium but that doesn't a prior have to be optimal and that's what I'll call majority rule and what this majority rule does is it just says look at your news feed and follow the majority of the things that you see there and only use your own signal your new private signal if you need to break Tis so intuitively this is a good rule if your newsfeed is informative and at least as informative as your private information not such a good rule if you think your new speed is probably misle and here's this inflow accuracy function this is saying if you have the current viral accuracy on the x-axis what viral accuracy should you expect in subsequent and what we can see here is there's two sort of stable steady that there's two stable steady states of this thing there's one in the top right where things are good the viral accuracy is high people are mostly seeing and continuing to share correct content but there's another one in the bottom left where the viral accuracy is below 1/2 and so most ofly people are sharing wrong and the intuition for this is that these false stories are becoming self- sustaining most people see a Newsfeed that has mostly false stories even though most of the stories on the platform are true because the false stories are are more popular and then this majority rule just mechanically shares the things that it sees in the news speed uh the majority of false stories that it sees and so the viral accuracy remains low the wrong things are mostly getting shared and again this is happening mechanically here but I'm going to show you in two slides it still happens if people are R so to state that more formally I need one more definition which is what I'll call a critical virality weight which is the virality weight the level of this parameter Lambda where we get these misleading steady States so it's the least virality weight where this simple majority strategy has a misleading staty and so what this example is showing is if you don't wait by virality if you just show people an unbiased sample of signals you're not going to get this misleading study State the viral accuracy on the platform isn't going to matter for what people see and so if Lambda were zero this this curve I'm graphing would be flat but as I show people more viral content this starts to uh get more and more closer to being possible and then there's some level where you start to get these misleading study States and so what our first result about equilibrium says is that at this critical threshold we start to get these misleading stud States and it actually turns out that it happens in a discontinuous way where the probability of converging to a misleading study State jumps from zero to something strictly positive I don't have time to go into any detail on that but that was a close surprising result to us that I'm happy to talk about more if you're interested but what I can tell you now is formalizing this if we're below this critical threshold there's a unique limit equilibrium and this equilibrium has a unique steady state that's informative so if we're below the critical threshold if you're not sharing too much viral content then you don't get these misleading steady States there's nothing going sort of systematically wrong on the other hand at or above the critical threshold every equilibrium has at least one misleading steady state so under any equilibrium Behavior there's a positive our ability at ending up of one of these learning CHS so this is formalizing this message from the beginning that platforms that push viral content into news speeds generate misleading steady States something else I want to point out about this is It's reducing understanding equilibrium Behavior which in general is a quite complicated object it depends on this distribution of steady States at this of this stochastic process that doesn't have any close form characterization but analyzing this majority rule is much simpler this is just a polinomial uh this is just a polinomial object and so we can qualitatively understand these Complicated equilibria by looking at a much simpler and sort of uh more accessible uh strategy that tells us about its qualitative properties let me quickly spend my last 45 seconds telling you about the other half of the trade-off that I told you about which is that increasing Lambda help the stories you see aggregate more information and one version of this is if we're below the critical threshold then higher Lambda is better so as we increase Lambda the steady state in the top right moves up so what this is saying is for Lambda below the critical threshold when we don't have misleading stud States showing more viral content makes the information people seem more accurate so this is formalizing the message that platform algorithms that weigh virality more heavily can help aggregate more information and so more formly as we increase this parameter Lambda the new speed stories people are seeing become more accurate indicators of the TR so we talk more in the paper about various sort of consequences of this for platform design but I'm basically out of time so I'll just wrap up by saying these two results we think of as a trade-off for increasing Lambda where it can help the platform aggregate more information but can also help create what you might think think of as sort of informally as systemic risk of these misleading stady states where most people end up seeing Ron content and forming BR beliefs uh about of times thank you very much

- The Economics of a Viral Donation: Kind: captions Language: en Today, we're going to break down a story that honestly feels like it's straight out of a movie. It's all about how viral videos can fuel these unbelievable acts of generosity. So, let's get right into the economics behind it. So, it all kicks off with this one simple fact. The biggest YouTuber in the world, Mr. Beast, just funded the construction of 100 brand new homes, and then he just gave them away. I mean, when you hear something like that, it immediately begs the question, right? How on earth is that even possible? Where does one person get that kind of money to pull off a project that huge? Well, the answer is surprisingly simple. It's really just one word. YouTube. That's it. It's the platform. It's the engine. It's the entire financial system that makes these massive philanthropic projects a reality. Okay, so let's break down how that actually works. It all comes down to a basic formula. For every 1,000 views a video gets, Mr. Beast earns roughly $30 from ads. Now, that might not sound like a lot, but trust me, this is the tiny building block for everything that comes next. So, what happens when you take that $30 building block and you don't just multiply it by thousands, but by billions of views? Let's see just how fast that number can scale up. And yeah, it scales up incredibly fast. We're talking an estimated 1.62 crore rupees. And get this, that's his earnings in a single day. That's a staggering amount of money to make in just 24 hours. Now, if you think that's wild, let's zoom out and look at the power of accumulation. Over the course of a full year, that number becomes almost unbelievable. The estimated annual earnings are over 7 billion rupees. I mean, a figure like that just puts this whole thing into a completely different financial universe. So, this is where we see how all that income gets put to work. See, it's not just about earning money for the sake of it. It's about this self-sustaining system. You could call it the cycle of giving, where the viewership and the philanthropy are constantly feeding each other. Let's just walk through this viral loop together. It all starts with step one, a huge insane viral video idea like giving away a hundred homes. Of course, that leads to step two. It attracts billions of views. Those views, as we now know, trigger step three, generating just enormous ad revenue. And here is the genius of it all. That revenue is funneled directly into step four, funding even bigger projects which then become the next viral video and the whole cycle starts all over again. To put it as simply as possible, this is why he can donate to people. The connection is crystal clear. The income isn't just some side effect. It's the very mechanism that makes these incredible donations happen in the first place. So, this is the core idea we're really looking at here. You've got the method on one side, massive YouTube ad revenue, and the result on the other, a new kind of philanthropy on a scale that is, you know, truly unprecedented. And all of this leads to one final huge question. We've seen the model, this loop where viral entertainment directly funds massive acts of charity. So, could this creator-driven, audience-powered system actually be the future of philanthropy? It's a pretty fascinating idea to think about.

- Learning from Viral Content: Kind: captions Language: en [HOST] Leading international venue for collaborative research in theoretical computer science. Every semester, we run two programs that run the length of the semester, and each of those programs has one boot camp and three workshops. This workshop is part of the program on graph limits and processes on networks, and is the third and final workshop of the program on the economics of networks. I'd like to give a special thanks to the organizers of the workshop, Alex Slivkins Ben Golub, Nicole Immorlica, Araz Mahlouchian and thank you very much for organizing a great workshop. So, thank you. (applause) A few logistics. We will provide food during breaks and before the first talk of the morning but you're on your own for lunch. But fortunately, Berkeley has many close by eateries that you can make use of. We ask that you not bring food into the auditorium though. And if you'd like, there are lockers on the opposite side of this floor where you can store your items when you're away. Um, Omid Far is our videographer, and he'll help speakers get set up for, for talks. And today's event is hybrid, so if you're in the room, you can just raise your hand and ask a question. If you're attending via Zoom, you can use the Q&A, and the session chair will will ask your question on your behalf. And I'd also like to give a special thanks to our events team. I think it was Kalani, was it you who did most of the organizing? It was Elizabeth, right? I had an appointment -- Okay. Elizabeth Nguyen, who did most of the organizing and planning for the workshop, including most of the accommodations for the additional visitors that we have. So, thank you, Elizabeth. And I will hand things over to Alex, who will give a little intro to the workshop. Welcome. [ALEX SLIVKINS] Hi. I don't have a whole lot to say. I mean, thanks all for coming. Uh, I'm very excited about the, you know, lineup of speakers, both individually and sort of like representative of the field, or like what's going on in this field. The hope and the intent is that we will not only listen to each other's talks, but also talk and hang out. So, and another thing, I guess, most talks will be in person except for the morning session tomorrow, which will be entirely virtual. And Nicole was gonna say something about that. [NICOLE IMMORLICA] Yeah. Thanks. So, we had three speakers that were unable to join us physically and so we put all of their ta-- that's Asu, Asu Daglar um, Evan Sadler, and Dean Eckles. And so we put all of their talks in the morning tomorrow. So, that's gonna be a fully virtual session. We did that intentionally so that if you wanted to, you could attend it in your hotel rooms or at a coffee shop using your headphones. The session will be on Gather.Town. So, it's gonna be I hope, more interactive than a typical virtual session. So, you can go walk around and talk to people. And the speakers, at least Evan and Dean, have committed to being present i-- in Gather.Town During the 30-minute break between the first two talks and the third talk. So, if you wanna interact with them, just grab your laptop and go somewhere quiet, and walk over to them and talk to them. It will also be streamed in this room. So, if you prefer to watch it in an auditorium with other people, you can do that as well. And if you have any questions about all of this, you can ask me. There's also a link from the seminar website to a very, like, you know, 1990s website that I created that explains how to access all of the talks virtually. [ALEX SLIVKINS] Ah, actually the accession share now. [AZARASH MALAKIAN] Yeah. So thanks everyone for joining. So, the theme today for the talks are learning in networks. And the first talk would be by Kevin He, who will talk about learning from viral content, if I'm not --Yeah. [KEVIN HE] Okay. Thank you. All right. Let me say thanks to organizers for putting together this program and for, you know, having it here. Thank y'all for coming to the talk. Um, this is joint-- a, a new joint project with Krishna called Learning from Viral Content. So we begin with the observation that, you know, in the past decade, viral content on social media platforms has emerged as some prominent source of news for many people. And a common feature here is that people, you know, log on to these platforms and they see stories in news feeds. The stories that get to go into these news feeds depend on previous users' actions. Think about Twitter, for example. The Twitter home page, you know, selects which tweets to show you on the basis of how many times these tweets have been liked and retweeted by previous users, [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Right? [KEVIN HE] And they also display a special section for the trending stories, the tweets that have been, you know, most liked or retweeted. Think about Reddit. Reddit's front page shows you a list of the most highly upvoted content. So in these examples, there's some kind of endorsement actions that users can perform, be it retweeting or liking on Twitter, be it upvoting on Reddit. And these endorsement actions affect what kinds of stories future users get to see in their news feeds. Of course, these kinds of user actions only tell half the story. The other half of the story for these platforms is that they're, in the background, there's some kind of platform algorithm that determines how these user actions affect what future users see. In particular, right, the platform algorithm has to determine how much weight is given to virality, in other words, the current popularity of the various stories, in sampling stories to, you know, to put into these news feeds. Like, you know, for example, different iterations of the Twitter design gave different levels of emphasis to these trending s-- um, trending tweets or popular tweets. You can imagine, you know, maybe a more viral version of Twitter where the algorithm assigns higher weight to how much a tweet has been liked before in terms of whether it gets to go into your news feed, or you can imagine less viral version of it. And also, you know, Reddit's ordering algorithm for posts has also evolved over a decade. Nowadays, it's not simply a descending sort of, you know, how many times different posts have been upvoted. And so today, I want to show you a model, an equilibrium model, where users are going to interact with news stories. And this project is basically going to focus on the trade-offs for social learning when the platform shows more viral content in news feeds as opposed to more random content. Now why is this an important question? Well, this analysis relates to a recent policy debate. Did these news feeds that push viral content facilitate the spread of false information about, you know, public health, politics, and so forth? To understand this question, we must first understand what are the pros and cons for social learning in terms of how viral these news feeds are. Like, what are the advantages and disadvantages for social learning when we make these the sampling of these news feeds more or less viral? So let me quickly show you the basic mechanism, right? So I want to highlight at a very heuristic and high level, you know, some intuition for the pros and cons of having a more viral news feed. And then the rest of the talk will be focused on developing a formal model and formalizing this intuition. What's the advantage of having a more viral news feed? Well, the advantage is you get to convey more information with just a few stories. What do I mean by that? Well, if you use Reddit, you might have the experience that reading a few front-page stories gives you a lot more information than reading a few random stories. Why is that? Well, part of the reason is that if you see a positive story in a viral news feed, a news feed that's selected it's been upvoted, let's say, the fact that the positive story is in your feed, that carries more information than merely the realization of a single signal. You should account for selection. The stories which go into these viral news feeds are the ones which have been frequently upvoted by previous users. So the fact that this positive story is in your news feed tells you something about the previous people's upvoting behavior. Now why did these previous users upvote this story? It might be because they have some positive private information. It might be because they saw some other positive stories in their own news feeds which are not present in your news feed today. But whatever the reason, right, there is some kind of hidden information which you are not directly observing, but you can make indirect inference about by virtue of this positive story having been upvoted enough to land in your news feed. And that's some kind of inference that you cannot draw by observing just random, you know, signals. And that's the sense in which reading a few, like, you know, front-page stories, a few stories selected on the basis of the, of their virality, right, gives you more information and lets you develop stronger beliefs than observing the same number of, you know, random signals. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] And when you say positive here, it's implicit that there is some issue that we're trying to upvote, some kind of single axis that we're-- [KEVIN HE] Yeah. Sorry. I, I, I'm, I'm implicitly thinking about a binary state of the world where the state is either positive or negative. I'm just using that as an example. That's right. Good. And so that's the advantage, or that might be one reason why we might want to have We sort of convey more information with just a few stories. But what's the downside? What might be a disadvantage of Well, you can sort of generate these bad steady states where wrong stories dominate even for rational users. What I mean is, it could be the case that most of the content on the platform are correct, but, you know, the incorrect story can still be more popular. And so after weighting by popularity, I end up showing these incorrect stories more frequently to users. And so these bad steady states they can sort of self-perpetuate, right? Like, people can see these incorrect negative stories, they rationally come to believe the state must be negative, therefore they up-vote these negative stories thinking that they're correct. That assigns additional popularity points to these incorrect stories, they get shown more, so on and so forth. And this is kind of a dynamic that many tech companies have realized. Like, you know, Reddit in this design block back in 2009, realized that there's kind of a, kind of a feedback loop that one should worry about if we were to display content heavily weighed by virality, by how many times it's been uploaded or so forth. Right? And so and that's sort of a disadvantage of having more viral news feed. The rest of the talk will be about formalizing this intuition in an equilibrium model where agents are forming Bayesian beliefs after seeing the news feed and acting rationally. So first, I will outline this talk is I'll tell you about this model of equilibrium learning and sharing on social media then I will tell you about sort of, you know, s-- you know, if we were to fix a particular behavior of the users, a particular way that they share what are, wha-- What's going to happen on the, in the long run on the platform. We'll call those steady states. And finally, we turn to equilibrium, right? So when do we get these misleading steady state, these situations where wrong stories tend to be the ones that get shared in equilibrium? So let me tell you the model. So there is some unknown state of nature, which is either negative or positive, equally likely. There's a finite group of n agents in positions 1 through n, and these n agents move in order. The agents don't know their own position. Basically, the n agents are randomly assigned to these n positions equally likely, okay? So from now on, I'll refer, I will say, "Agent i," to mean the a-- the agent who was assigned into the i th position. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] So [KEVIN HE] Agent in position i has a private signal which we can interpret as a new story, s_i, which is also either negative or positive, and there's going to be some probability q with which each of these story is going to match the state of nature, omega. And this probability of matching the states, we're going to call this the story precision, it's a number between half and one. The first thing that's gonna happen is agent i will post their story S_i onto the platform, and we're going to keep track of an integer for each story called a popularity score. We're going to start every newly posted story at a score of positive one, and we'll see how the score increases later on. Each agent i, in addition to seeing and posting their story S_i, is also going to see a newsfeed consisting of capital K stories posted by others, which is sampled somehow based on those stories' current popularity scores, and later I'll tell you a bit more about how the sampling is done. And we're going to assume that you do not see the popularity or the arrival time of the story, you simply see whether a story is positive or negative. And so you basically see a newsfeed of things which are either negative or positive. And okay, there's one more wrinkle, which is if I need to show you a newsfeed of five stories and your agent's three, Okay, I don't have three stories, I don't have five stories to show you, so let's just forget this seeing the newsfeed thing for the first K agents. From this news feed consisting of capital case stories, you're going to share C's stories from the news feed. Every time you share a story, you increase its popularity score by one. Why do you want to share things? What's your objective here? Well, you get positive utility, some number U bigger than zero, every time you share a story which correctly matches this state of nature. So you want to look at the stories in your newsfeed, think about why you think the state of nature is, and share those stories which you think matches-- Let me illustrate how this model, I guess, works with an example, right? So imagine this is how it would look like when k is 3 and c is 1. So people see three things, share one thing. So imagine five agents have moved, and so, you know, now my database, the platform database, has contains five stories. I'm going to use the green color to refer to a positive story, and the red color a negative story. And I'm writing here the current popularity score of each story. This here, I'm simply showing what's in the database of the plat-- platform. This is not what Agent 6 sees. What does Agent 6 see? Agent 6 sees their own private signal, which, let's say it's positive, and they're also going to see a newsfeed. So I'm going to somehow sample three stories out of those five and place that into a newsfeed. Let's say I sample stories three, one, and four. As I said before, you don't get to see the score of those stories, just know that you've got two positive stories and one negative story in your newsfeed. And also, I'm putting parentheses around uh, things like s4 because you also don't get to know that, you know, that this is Agent 4's signal. You don't get to know that. You don't know the arrival time of the story. You just know, you know, from the perspective of Player 6, okay, I've got one positive story, and I've got --which is my private signal, and I've got two out of three positive stories in my newsfeed. On the basis of that information, I'm going to share one of those three stories. Let's say I share this one in the middle. What happens when I share? Well, I increase its score, right? Its score was two. When Person 6 shares this, the score goes up to four. And then we basically keep going for all future agents, right? So if Player Seven arrives, how has the world changed? Well, Player Six's story gets posted onto the platform, and also, you know, the score has to be increased by one due to the sharing action here, and now we're going to use this new set of scores to sample three stories with this person. And let's say this person has a privacy that's negative, and maybe we sample some stories, and then Person Seven might decide what to share as well. Any questions about how this model works? --go ahead. No, no. Go ahead. (murmured discussion) [AUDIENCE MEMBER] So in all the examples that you mentioned, you can see the popularity of score-- [AUDIENCE MEMBER] --but in your model, you decided to hide it. Why? [KEVIN HE] Yeah, very good. I think that's largely for trackability reason. I think we are calling these things popularity score, but I guess in the back of our mind, it's some kind of metric that a platform is keeping track of. Perhaps it is not literally the number of times it's been shared, but maybe let's say, you know, they showed a blurb of a story, you must click a button to read the full story. Some metric which the platform knows about in the background, but that's a metric that you don't really get to see as a user. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Yeah. I think I can, So from the perspective of player six here-- Or you should do [KEVIN HE] That for the online people. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] I think everyone can hear me. No, the online-- Oh, the online. [KEVIN HE] I'm just gonna-- They're really far away. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] From-- Is it working? From the perspective of player six S3 and S1 are the same thing. [KEVIN HE] Yes. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] So I decide to share one of them, but nevertheless, the score alone of only one of them is going to increase after my action. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] How can you disentangle these two things? [KEVIN HE] Oh, how can you tell which one-- Because like, [AUDIENCE MEMBER] I'm going to-- Yes, like for me as a player six, those two stories are exactly the same, but in equilibrium, only one score is going up, so you have multiplicity. Lots of multiplicity. [KEVIN HE] In terms of which ones will be increased? Yes. I see, I see, I see. In our modeling actually, doesn't matter because in the end what really matters is the total popular score assigned to stories of a particular color, or a particular story. That's ends up mattering. So it doesn't actually matter whether you share this one or this one. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] So you don't need to keep track of the score on this one, but just of the green? [KEVIN HE] It turns out the model is such that I just look at the score, so it actually doesn't matter. Yeah. I see. But yeah, But we do. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] And then, sorry, another question. Like, the objective is to match the state, but-- [AUDIENCE MEMBER] --again, some of them that, the application that you had in mind-- Correct. --i actually want to share the one with the highest popularity. Usual. you're saying something like, maybe I want to share things And I want the thing that I shared would be shared-- --or something like that. Our current guess is an objective like that might also be okay, like things might behave similarly, because from your perspective, like the thing which is more likely to be correct is also the one that's more likely to be-- --to be reshared. But we. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] You may also get extra equilibrium where you're sort of coordinating online. Oh, yes. But we think these are sort of either still equilibrium or like close to being equilibrium. [KEVIN HE] Can you repeat another one? Can you repeat the answer? The answer is that they make this, what we're doing here will remain in equilibrium, but there may be other, maybe strange equilibrium where people-- Okay. Do some kind of strange coordination thing, like I decide to only share negative scores or something like that. Right. Like everybody decides not to coordinate in a particular way. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] But, Can you remind me how my own story enters? So if agent six there has its own story one, how does this enter in his decision which of the three stories to share? [KEVIN HE] Well, it will enter-- Well, in equilibrium, person six knows how this story being positive, like what this means about the state of nature. And so person six must form some sort of Bayesian belief, and this piece of information is part of the puzzle of that Bayesian belief updating. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] But then he can only share one of the three stories in his newsfeed? He can't share his own story? [KEVIN HE] Yeah, his own story is mechanically always posted on to the platform. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] I see. [KEVIN HE] Your decision is which of the newsfeed stories you share. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Okay. But the fact that only the total number matters, it looks a little like a Polya urn with red and green balls. [KEVIN HE] What's that? [AUDIENCE MEMBER] It looks a little like a Polya urn with red and green balls. Yes, in, [KEVIN HE] In the end, it will look something like a Polya urn. I-- i-- It's related in some sense to Polya. Very good. So let me say a few more words about how the sampling is done, right? So right, so the platform, the key parameter here is a parameter called the virality weight, which is a number lambda between zero and one that determines how those capital K stories get sampled. So here's how it's done. For each slot in the newsfeed, with probability lambda, I'm going to sample a story with probabilities proportional to the, the popularities, the popularity score of the story. With the complementary probability, I'm going to sample a story uniformly at random out of the set of all stories on the platform. And for simplicity, we're gonna sample with replacement. In some sense, not too important if the pool of story is very large. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] So is the sampling agnostic to the platform's estimate of what the private signal is? It is agnostic of the-- Yes, yes, yes. So, this is how it's sampled. So if I have-- Oh, sorry. Uh, if I have lambda equals to zero, I'm always sampling uniformly at random. If lambda is equal to one, I'm always sampling, you know, proportional to popularity score. Intermediate values of lambda interpolate between these two cases. Higher lambda is like I'm, I'm putting heavier weight on, on the popularity score, therefore more viral news. [KEVIN HE] What do strategies look like? What do players see? Players see their private signal S and they see a news feed. From the news feed basically, they can see, okay, there are little k out of capital K positive stories. On the basis of these two pieces of information, they have to decide, okay, how many of the positive stories do I want to share? [KEVIN HE] The strategy, it must tell me, you know, on the basis of this S, my private signal, and this K, should I share zero, one, two or up to C positive [KEVIN] Stories? We should consider mixed strategies, so really it's a mixture over those numbers. Remember, you would always rationally choose to share a total of capital C stories. So, you know, if I, if you tell me how many positive ones you're sharing, the rest is, you know, how many negative ones you're sharing. Let's focus on these state-symmetric strategies which treat positive and negative stories symmetrically. The first question is, if everyone were to use a particular state-symmetric strategy sigma, which may not be in any sense equilibrium or optimal, what would happen on the platform in the long run? [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Well, [KEVIN HE] Given a state omega, I'm going to keep track of a number called viral accuracy, X_t. That's the viral accuracy, X_t after T acts, that's what fraction of the total popularity score are assigned to the state matching stories. So add up the total popularity score of those state matching stories divided by total popularity score of all stories. That number is some number between zero and one. That-- That-- that's X_t viral accuracy at-- at-- at-- at time T. Imagine an infinite society where all agents after K plus one use the particular strategy sigma. What we get is a stochastic process of viral accuracy. Why is it a stochastic process? Well, we've got this randomness in the signal realization. We've got this randomness in the sampling of the stories from newsfeeds. A point X star such that X_t converges to X star with positive probability, I'm going to call that a steady state of the strategy sigma. Basically, the idea is, you know, what does convergence mean? It means the fraction of total popularity score on those state matching stories remains close to X star, right, as I sort of add fresh stories period after period, as I do this kind of sampling period after period, and as people always use the sigma to determine what to share. But first, we saw is that indeed we have convergence of S_t. This is a convergence result. Given any strategy sigma, there is a finite set of steady states which I'll call cap X star, so that almost surely, X_t in fact converges to one of these steady states. So almost surely, we do have viral accuracy convergence, but in general, X star might not-- cap X star might not be a singleton. There might be multiple points in there. That is X_t The process could converge to, you know, this limit or that one depending on, you know, what happens early on in the process, for example. We have randomness in the signal sampling, making you converge to different limits, to different steady states. Now, how do I characterize X star, the set of points which get converged to with positive probability for the particular strategy sigma? [KEVIN HE] We're gonna look at this function that I'm going to call the inflow accuracy function associated with the strategy sigma. I-- I'm gonna verbally describe to you what this is and hopefully that's clear. If not, we'll look at a formal definition. I will call this, you know, phi sigma X. This is the inflow accuracy function associated with the strategy sigma evaluated at X. What this thing basically is, it's saying, okay, imagine today's viral accuracy is X, okay? And also, let's imagine Q fraction of the stories are matching the state on the platform. In general, remember, X and Q might be different numbers, right, because Q is the fractional story that match the state and X is like the popularity-weighted fractional story that matches things. When a new person comes on the platform, that person must increase the total popularity score by C plus one. The person must post a new story. That story has a score of one when it's posted. The person must share C stories, increasing each of their popularity by one point each. So overall, total popularity score has to go up by C plus one. The inflow accuracy function asks, well, what fraction of those C plus one extra points of popularity are expected to be assigned to the state matching stories? And again, this is an expectation because there's some randomness in the realization of this new S story. There's some randomness in sampling. And if you think about this, what this function is doing intuitively, you think that, well, fixed points of this inflow accuracy function really ought to be natural candidates for steady state, right? If I tell you that whenever 70% of the score are on the state matching stories, then 70% of the incoming score would again be on the state matching story, then we somehow should stay at 70%. Can [AUDIENCE MEMBER] You say exactly-- Q, remind us what Q is? Q is the accuracy of the each individual story. And the reason why this is true that this is basically law of large numbers, right? I keep adding stories to the platform. By law of large numbers, in the end, it must be roughly two are actually state matching. And if this were true, if the fixed points are in fact the steady state, that would be great, right, because it's much easier to study fixed points of the thing than to study, like, steady state, right? Steady state is the limit of some crazy stochastic process. Fixed points is, you know, fixed point of polynomial function. And the next result basically tells you this is basically true. It's using a stochastic approximation tool to establish that equivalence provided a particular condition holds, provided that fixed point is not unstable from both sides, that's a formal statement. If x star is at fixed point of the inflow accuracy function and either whenever I am slightly below whenever I am slightly above x star, viral accuracy tends to go down. Or whenever I am slightly below x star, viral accuracy tends to go up. If one of these two conditions holds, then x star is in fact a steady state. That is a stochastic process converges there with some strictly positive probability. Conversely, if I have a steady state, it must be a fixed point. The most surprising part of this claim, by the way, is that a fixed point of inflow accuracy function which is stable from only one side, okay, which is usually called a touch point, it's also reached by x_t with positive probability because, right, it's a, it's an or here. I don't need it to be stable on both sides, it just needs to be stable on one side, and then it's a fixed point. And what this tells you is that somehow the distribution of steady states changes discontinuously, right? You know, imagine, you know, think about the distribution of steady states as indexed by parameter like lambda, right? So as I change lambda, at some point, right, you know, a new fixed point will arise. And that new fixed point, when it appears, is going to be a touch point. So if I were to ask, "What's the probability of converging, the stochastic process converging somewhere in that neighborhood?" Along the limit of these values of lambda, the answer is 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, and then suddenly 10%. Because these touch points, they have a strictly positive probability of being reached. That's the definition of a steady state. So we have this discontinuity at this, and this turns out to be important for some technical reason, but I have to skip for the names of topics. So I kind of expected this proof to go through a [NICOLE IMMORLICA] Result that's gonna say, like, the composition of my newsfeed becomes stable over time. So, like, everybody eventually sees 70% positive stories and 30% negative stories-- Uh-huh. --or Something like-- [KEVIN HE] Oh-- [NICOLE IMMORLICA] --that. the composition of my newsfeed-- Is, is that, Could [NICOLE IMMORLICA] That be, like, you know, varying over time forever? So, first of all, I think the composition of Newsfeed would be somehow-- Well, okay, is somehow random, but the probability with which you see the thing is converging because that's determined basically by x. The composition of the newsfeed is determined by a combination of, I guess, x and lambda. The probability of seeing a correct story is if I can calculate it, lambda x plus one minus lambda q. [KEVIN] So the newsfeeds are fixed. They're getting bigger than what you get, like you're saying. But they're size of 10 So what's get-- Well, [KEVIN HE] What's fixed? [KEVIN] The size of the newsfeed is fixed. It's not getting bigger, and so there's always-- --some randomness in what ends up in there. [KEVIN HE] But, yeah. So, this convergence wouldn't apply, for example, to the composition of anything. You always see, [KEVIN] Like, three things comprising the cap case. So let me give you an example of what this looks like. [KEVIN HE] So what do the steady, you know, computing steady states from the inflow accuracy function. So let's look at a strategy that which will be important later on. Let's call it the majority rule. Okay? The majority rule is a strategy which says look at what's in your newsfeed, okay? Now, share six stories on the majority side of the newsfeed. There's one caveat where you need a tie-breaking because if you see, and if your newsfeed size is even, if you see six things and you see three positive and three negative, then you have to tie-break. In that case, tie-break, use your own signal s_i. Otherwise, ignore your signal s_i. That, that's the definition of the majority-- Here, I'm going to plot the for this strategy that-- that majority rule with the parameters of people see seven things have to share three and 55% of stories are accurate. --and lambda is equal to one. And by the pre, by the theorem, you know, sort of provided I am stable from at least one side, the intersections of the black curve with the 45-degree diagonal line are steady states. These are things which get converged with positive probability. In particular, notice that we've got over there a steady state, which is with a viral accuracy of less than 0.5. The theorem is telling you, you get there with And what happens there is this bad steady state I was talking about earlier, right? So this is a case where the virality of false stories becomes self-sustaining. People see, most people in that steady state, why is that stable? Well, when people see a news feed of these false stories, m-- most people see a news feed of these false stories, even though most stories are true, because I'm weighting by popularity, they end up sharing these the majority end up sharing these stories, further increases the popularity, and then people sort of stay there. Even though the incoming stories are mostly correct, what's happening is when a new agent arrives, their sharing action tends to increase the popularity score of the wrong story, and that's how we stay there in the bad status. So far, we haven't done equilibrium, right? So far, we've done part, you know, just arbitrary strategies. So far we only looked at steady state induced by arbitrary strategies. But now let me ask you, what do steady states look like when agents use equilibrium strategies? So let's sort of think about, so what kind of equilibrium? So let's think about player symmetric and state symmetric Bayesian Nash equilibrium of the M-player game. I'm just going to abbreviate it as equilibrium. And then mostly we're interested in the limits of equilibria when a number of players n grows large. So I'm going to make a definition that's basically saying this, you know, the, the, the limit of this equilibria for, in games with large number of players. So I'm going to fix parameters Q, the accuracy of the stories, K, the size of news feed, C, how many things you see on the newsfeed, lambda, the virality of the newsfeed. I'm going to say a particular strategy, sigma star, is a social equilibrium if it's a [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Limit [KEVIN HE] Of a sequence of equilibria indexed by J, where I just have an index of societies where the number of players approaches infinity, and they're all playing the game with those parameters. Just [AUDIENCE MEMBER] A clarification question. Agents know Lambda? [KEVIN HE] Agents do know lambda. Like, the parameters like Q, K, C, lambda are going to become knowledge. So basically social equilibrium is the limit of equilibria in increasingly larger society. In some sense, this is, even though societies are growing larger, the space of strategies isn't. And so I can still have a sense of the limit of strategies, right, as I, as the number of players goes down 'cause you always see in capital K things no matter how many players there are, so it makes sense to say the limit of strategies. So really [KEVIN HE] I want to look at when do we have these misleading steady states? So I'm going to say a steady state X is informative If, so this, this I think relates to your question, Nicole. Like, if lambda X plus one minus lambda Q is bigger than half, what is this number? This is basically in the, what's the probability each story in my newsfeed matches this thing? [KEVIN] Right? [KEVIN HE] Otherwise, if it is less than half, then it's called misleading. Basically, I'm this denotes whether the sampling accuracy, which is the probability of each sample story being matched in this thing, whether the sampling accuracy is above or below 50%. Perfect. So the question here is, you know, when do these misleading steady states arise in equilibrium? And it turns out this answer depends on whether lambda is above or below a critical threshold level, which is defined in terms of whether the inflow accuracy function of a particular strategy first admits a misleading steady state. So the particular critical value we want to look at is this value lambda star, which is basically the lowest virality weight such that the majority strategy first has a misleading steady state. Of course, there are situations where no matter what you, how high lambda is, the majority rule never has a misleading steady state, but that's not interesting. Usually, there will be some interior value of lambda where, you know, the majority strategy first develops a The value of that lambda, that's called the critical virality weight, lambda star. What the next thing I'm going to tell you is that whether any social equilibrium admits a misleading steady state depends on if the strategy's sigma majority admits one. And this is really the result that gives us law of tractability in this model. In general, if you start with a strategy and you ask if it's in equilibrium, that's a very hard question, because whether it's in equilibrium or not depends on what is its induced distribution over steady states, right? Whether the behavior encoding the strategy is optimal, you know, even if you know the set of steady state that induces, you must tell me with what probability do I get to this one, this one, and that one. And in general, there's no closed form characterization of the probability with which I get the different steady states. So it would be pretty hard to analyze equilibrium that way. On the other hand, right, analyzing this strategy is very simple. Again, this is just, you know, the inflow accuracy function of this guy, just some kind of. Basically, what we're saying is I can use the particular strategy, the majority strategy, to describe the structure of equilibrium steady states for different values of lambda, even without solving out what those strategies actually look like and even when sigma majority is not itself in equilibrium. This is not a claim that the majority rule is an equilibrium. This is just saying I'm defining some object used in the majority rule, and I'm saying the equilibrium behavior changes sharply around this value defined using the majority rule. [KEVIN] So let's [KEVIN HE] Look at what this, how this critical virality weight looks like. So, you know, in this picture, in these three pictures here, I'm plotting the inflow accuracy function for the majority rule for three values of lambda, 0.3, 0.6, and 0.9 for some values of K, C, and Q, right? You can see that in the first picture, I've got one informative steady state, in the second picture, one informative steady state, in the third picture, well, I've got a misleading steady state now. So if you just interpolate mentally between the second picture and the third picture, there must be some value of lambda, right, between 0.6 and 0.9 where I first get a misleading steady state. Does that make sense? And it must be somewhere between 0.6 and 0.9. It turns out it's about 0.76. That's the critical virality weight. That's the definition of critical virality weight. It basically looks like this, right? If you mentally interpret between these, these two, it has to be the case that I've got a touch point, I've got a, I, I, I, I just sort of, I'm just tangent to the 45-degree line and I run off. And basically, the shape of equilibrium changes sharply depending on whether the lambda value, the platform uses is below or above this 0.76, or in general, above or below this lambda star. And the next theorem tells us, tells you how the shape of equilibrium changes. So the key here is that under equilibrium behavior, and so not arbitrary behavior, but you know, behavior that encodes as kind of, like, optimality, are going to discontinuously merge at the critical virality weight lambda star. If my virality weight is weakly below lambda star, then I can tell you, the only social equilibrium is the majority rule. So the only equilibrium behavior for these lower values of virality is that people should use the majority rule. They share whatever is on the majority side in their newsfeed, and they ignore their private signal except for exact type breaking. That's the content of this Also whenever I am strictly below this critical virality weight, lambda star this unique equilibrium also only has a unique steady state. Before I told you a particular strategy might induce multiple steady states. Here, I'm saying the only equilibrium steady state, there's only one and that equilibrium steady state is strictly higher than Q, therefore, strictly informed. I guess this is also the fact that it's strictly higher than Q is what makes the majority rule optimal. The fact that it's strictly higher than Q means whatever you see in your newsfeed is strictly more informative than your private signal. Therefore, you should always use the social information as opposed to private signal. At the critical virality weight, at lambda star, unless we're in the case where the majority rule just never has, never, never induces a But in all cases whenever lambda star is interior, at the critical virality weight, the majority rule does induce So there is a misleading steady state being reached with And furthermore, whenever I'm strictly above lambda star, every social equilibrium induces at least one We -- I'm, I'm not saying here what the equilibrium strategy actually looks like for lambda above lambda star. In general, this may not actually be the majority rule. But whatever it is, it must have at least one And that's, I guess, the important part for welfare. So early on, I told you about the a more viral newsfeed. This is the formalization of the disadvantage of having This result formalizes the message, right, that platform algorithms which push viral content to newsfeed, that they generate misleading steady states, because this result is telling you, as long as your lambda goes above the threshold value of lambda star, you're going to generate these bad steady states with positive probability. If you're below it, then there's zero probability of this to [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Happen. And for higher lambda, is the good steady state better? [KEVIN] That's the next slide. So we [KEVIN HE] Looked at the con. Let's look at the pro, the advantage, right? So let's stare at these two pictures I showed you earlier, lambda equals 0.3, lambda equals 0.6. If you look at the point of intersection, indeed the point of intersection is higher, the steady state is higher for the higher value of lambda. And it's true in general. So whenever in the region before lambda star, before this critical virality weight, viral accuracy, like what fraction of score are accorded to the same action stories, and sampling accuracy, that, the probability with which I draw correct stories they're both strictly increasing in lambda. As I make things more viral, the steady state becomes more informed. That formalizes the other message I told you earlier, the benefits, right, of having a more viral newsfeed because, you know, in some sense, these platform algorithms that which weigh more heavily virality that are going to help aggregate more information. When lambda increases, newsfeed stories become more accurate indicators of the truth. One minute? So, in some sense, we've got this trade-off, right, for increasing lambda. Two things happen when we increase lambda, pros and cons. We're going to aggregate more information, [KEVIN] Okay, [KEVIN HE] Up until lambda star. But if we go past it, then we end up creating this kind of systemic risk, right, that we generate these bad steady states we end up being in a situation where most people hold wrong beliefs. And so in some sense, you can then use this to look at a designer's question of, you know, if the designer wants to maximize even benign-looking objective, like people sharing utility, then the b-- --then we can --Well, one thing we can show is that the designer's solution would either be strictly above this lambda star or approach come dangerously close to lambda star. So either you accept these bad steady states, or you sort of play this kind of brinksmanship game and come very close to them. But I'm out of time, and therefore, I will conclude. I will have to skip through the literature, including work by some people, by, you know, some people in the audience. So let me come to conclusion. So this is a, um [KEVIN] --okay, This is a equilibrium model of social media platform where people exogenously discover stories and post them on platform. People read a small selection of past stories in newsfeed, and they form beliefs, and share some of the stories that they read, right, maximizing the expected number of accurate stories that they share. I think one technical contribution here is that we're sort of applying the stochastic approximation tools in an equilibrium set, right, where it's not arbitrary behavior, but behavior optimal given the induced distribution of stories. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Is there-- Is there time for quick comment, or [KEVIN HE] --just wondering. Kevin wanted to speak. I don't know. I don't think he finished. Kevin, go ahead. [KEVIN] Yeah. Let me wait 20 seconds. I'll just repeat after the rest of the slide. [KEVIN HE] So basically, we study how the sampling rule which populates newsfeeds as lambda affects the long-run learning equilibrium. Basically, whenever your lambda is low enough, your virality weight is low enough, increasing this weight creates more informative equilibrium steady states with no real downside. But if you push it enough to this lambda star, then we generate these misleading equilibrium steady states. And the appearance of these misleading steady states are discussed. I think I can take-- I [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Just wanted to super quickly say on Amin's question of why not show the popularity, it seems like on these platforms, in Twitter-- When you see a thing with 10,000 retweets, most users have no idea how to make sense of 10,000 versus 20,000. So I think it's actually a perfectly reasonable assumption unless you're really into --users are really thoughtful about what exactly it means in this context for this content type, it's really not informative beyond that it's super viral. So I like your assumption that they can't tell. Can you comment on the technical difficulty, if you have time for that? You said it will be technically difficult if you add the popularity to. because I think basically once you add in a popularity, the space of strategies becomes very large, if that makes sense, right, because then you can see lots of different right, right? You're conditioning on lots of different numbers, and the space of that strategy is quite large, [AUDIENCE MEMBER] If that makes any sense. [KEVIN HE] Now we could imagine an easier version of this problem where I don't see the exact popularity score, but maybe I see some core signal about how popular this is. This is in the top 25% That might be. [AUDIENCE MEMBER] Thanks. So thank you so much for your attention. want, I'm going to ask a quick question. So, you can calculate the problem--

- Why Kate Bush’s Viral Success from Stranger Things is Radical: Kind: captions Language: en - There's this beat that's just over and over again. (Nate vocalizing) (Julia vocalizing) (drum beat syncs) That bending (vocalizing) (synth music plays) Sounds funny when I sing it. ("Running Up That Hill" by Kate Bush) ♪ And if I only could ♪ ♪ I'd make a deal with God ♪ ♪ And I'd get him to swap our places ♪ - [TV] Kate Bush's 1985 song "Running Up That Hill" has taken over TikTok and music charts. - To use a technical term, Kate Bush has been crushing it. Kate Bush, because she started her own record label, maintained ownership of her recordings throughout. - A 63-year-old British woman topping the US charts and streaming like mad. - [Male Narrator] 44 years into her career, "Running Up That Hill" has earned Kate Bush a million dollars in royalties over the last month. - [TV] So why is (cool synth music) it significant that Kate Bush owned her music, and what does that teach us about the history of music royalties? - [TV Voice] Let's get a Historian's Take on "Running Up That Hill" by Kate Bush. - There's a very clear reason why this 1985 song is suddenly hugely popular, and it all has to do with the Netflix series, "Stranger Things." (intense string music) ♪ If I only could ♪ "Running Up That Hill" is kind of special in the world of the show, because it has such an integral part of the show's plot. If you listen to your favorite song, then you can be protected from these evil monsters and "Running Up That Hill" is the character Max's favorite song. - Now! Max! Max, wake up. - It not only acts as a music cue, it acts as this important plot device, and I think that's why anyone who watched the show, immediately went out and streamed the song afterwards. And then from there, it spread to people who had never seen the show, and all of a sudden, is one of the most popular songs in the world. - [Man] The streaming data that illustrates just how much larger the pop was for this song than other songs that went viral. - [TV] Before we get into what this song's success tells us about music royalties, what exactly makes "Running Up That Hill" so iconic? - I remember when it first came out in 1985 thinking, "oh my gosh, Kate Bush has broken new ground here," because it was a complete mixture of this really propulsive dance, rhythm, and percussion, and then her swooping up and down the octaves with her wonderful melodies and vivid lyrics. ♪ Let's exchange the experience ♪ - The combination of the instruments that Kate Bush is using, a lot of them are cutting edge instruments from the 1980s, like the Fairlight CMI. That's what gives you that iconic melody that starts this song. - It's like... (piano playing) But you have a pitch that's sort of (vocalizes) whenever you have this like gliding, there becomes like a delay a little bit in like the attack. The chorus gets offset and the chords hit at a different place in the melody. There's different ones, so the one here is "if," on the first one I mean, is (singing) if I only could, I'd make a deal, (speaking) and deal is one, (singing) a deal with God. (speaking) And on the third chorus, (singing) if I only could, (speaking) one, (singing) I'd make a deal with God, (speaking) one, (singing) and I'd get him to swap (speaking) one (singing) our places. The general feeling we end up having is that something has changed, but it's subliminal. - "Running Up That Hill" is a song about gender fluidity, it's very now. - [Kate Bush] And that if a man could become a woman, and a woman, a man within their relationship, that perhaps they'd understand a bit more about each other. - [Interviewer] And that's the deal with God? - Yes. - And that really fits in (synth music) with the whole theme of "Stranger Things," the show, and that sense of collapsing different worlds and collapsing boundaries between people, between genders, and there's a sense of the uncanny. You know, Kate Bush is great at that sense of uncanny. - [TV] So much success has Kate Bush seen from the virality of this song? - We can't say with certainty how much money is going into Kate Bush's pocketbook as a result of this resurgence of "Running Up That Hill," but it's definitely in the area of millions of dollars, and that's just from the streaming royalties. - Which is highly unusual for artists who usually don't earn much from streaming at all. - She is in a somewhat unique position of being the sole owner of the master recordings of this song and all the songs from the album "Hounds of Love" from 1985. This is a relatively rare thing in the music industry where usually artists only own a portion or sometimes none of their master recordings. It's their record label that actually owns them, and the artist either forgoes or splits the royalties with their record label. - So when Kate Bush first emerged in the 1970s, female artists were very few and far between. Record companies didn't really take them seriously. They didn't think that they had longevity as artists, so they tended to treat them as novelty. As she said, you know, you've got to be prepared and you've got to be willing to fight. And she knew that right from the start. She was unusual in the amount of autonomy that she had and the amount of creative power that she had. - [Kate Bush] Record companies, when I make an album, I think about the music. With me, I think they've left me alone and let me do what I want, which is fantastic. - Now, certain artists over time have pushed back against that status quo. And one of the most notable examples is Prince who had a very public battle in the 1990s with his record label Warner Brothers. - [Prince] Ever since my third album, I wasn't really taking large advances from the recording companies. I was recording the albums myself in my own studio. So the way I looked at it, I owned the work, because I paid for it and I did all the work, I created it, so I felt like it should belong to me. - Prince even said if you don't own your masters, your master owns you. So this is a real historic injustice as perceived by artists in the music industry. - Obviously this story with Kate Bush's song is a really good story, but I think that in general, there are a lot of problems with the way that the money is distributed with streaming. - Prior to the streaming economy, an artists stood to profit much more from the sale of, say, a single CD, because the CD was a relatively expensive item, and artists were getting a percentage of that. This was actually a way to sustain a viable career. Musicians, I think infamously, are paid very little by Spotify, literally fractions of pennies per stream. - Their average rate per stream is 0.003. What we're demanding is a cent per stream. - Right now there's a few notable campaigns to to change these kind of contracts. One example would be UMAW, the musician's union, that's organizing for change at Spotify, through their #JusticeAtSpotify campaign. So there are artists who are pushing back and trying to create new precedents against the historic inequities that exist within the record business. - A lot of artists have to really fight for owning their own masters. Not many get that, because most record companies won't really give that concession. It's only very established artists who are quite powerful like say Drake or Adele or Taylor Swift who can hold out for that. - I think it's always good that there are discussions about this especially with Kate Bush owning her masters, because obviously anything like this as a role model will encourage change. It was probably the best news I had heard in like a really long time. The fact that that many people are enjoying her music, not because it's surprising to me, but because it really proves something to me that I have always believed, maybe being an overly optimistic and or naive person, which is that people want creative music. (lo-fi music) - [TV] Thanks for watching "Historian's Take." Make sure to like, subscribe, and comment. See you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Boleskinebeatz [3 likes]: One of the fascinating facts about Kate's autonomy when it came to owning her masters is that it's all due to a pretty ballsy gamble on her part. When she released The Dreaming in 1982 it only sold 
60, 000 copies, whereas as the previous album, Never Forever hit no:1 and sold over 650,000 copies, Lionheart sold 300,000 copies and The Kick inside eventually sold over a million. This panicked EMI who were alarmed at her new and distinctly uncommercial direction and combined with the perceived oddity of the album in general meant they seriously considered dropping her. However, she was such a high profile artist they knew it would reflect really badly on them as a label. Enter Kate's family who were overseeing her career and who suggested EMI license Kate's music from her as a way to save face. Given that EMI thought Kate had basically sunk her career they were more than happy to agree. It's unlikely that EMI would have seen that Kate would turn everything on its head with 
The Hounds of Love going on to eventually shift almost 2 million copies and so the rest is history. Sometimes artists have the foresight and self belief in their worth to negotiate seemingly impossible deals but it requires a lot of confidence and good timing and luck.

George Lucas got 20th Century Fox to accept him waiving his $500,000 directors fee to make Star Wars in return for sequel and merchandise rights. 20th Century Fox thought the film was rubbish and the idea of selling kids toys didn't appear to them in the slightest so they thought they were getting a great deal. GL went on to sell the franchise for 4 Billion.
  2. @MichaelCampbell-y3g [1 likes]: She seems, like Bowie, to be very smart with her talents!
  3. @editek5992 [1 likes]: Gender fluidity??? Really???
  4. @cassie.minimalist [1 likes]: I love she’s still alive when this success came! I hope she’s swimming in her money xD they could never pick a better song for that scene!
  5. @EixtremeDrummer: One million dollars delayed 40 years.
  6. @alanOHALAN: It is battle song against the children traffickers and satanic cults. Her bow at the end. Cults play the game of hunting kids. Do your research and you will find out.
  7. @amnm920: "iT's aBoUt gEnDeR fLuIdItY"....No it's not. She explained that it's about swapping places to get a better understanding of each other.
  8. @AstroZombie1138: It's Kate Bush I don't know why anyone would be surprised. She has the voice of an angel and writes songs like Wuthering Heights  Man with the child in his eyes, Breathing, Cloudbusting and Hounds of Love etc etc all the way to Fifty words for snow. Also given her house could at any moment fall into the sea the royalties were timely. Also I write this as a punk rocker and KT fan.
  9. @DorianSA: This song is 3 years older than I am but I have loved it for as long as I can remember.
  10. @3DJapan: It's a good song but I prefer the Anyma version with Meg Myers singing.
  11. @MetaMechh: Between genders lmao

I can't wait till this is a footnote in history this time period
  12. @marisaelenenadiejamusiccom3974: I think anything that’s post 1970 is pretty lame. Anyone who educate themselves about music will know that Kate Bush is very overrated running up that hill is not anything special people have become very uninformed. You’ll have to listen to lots of music. You’ll have to know a lot about music even prior to the 1920s you’ll have to learn about music of every kind in order to know about it if you know just about the 90s or 80s and a little bit of the 70s, you probably wouldn’t know anything about music and just listening to this kind of music, you probably are very limited and your understanding.
  13. @darrenelkins5923: Spotify payments seem to be worse now
  14. @darrenelkins5923: There was a lot of actual gender fluidity in 8os pop as well as androgynousness.
This was neither
It’s about a man and a woman not understanding each other. 

What’s the woman’s phd in?
She also said something about how amazing it is to have a 63 year old woman at the top of the charts.
What!?!

That’s not how that works!
Regardless, it’s back at the top because,
A, it’s a great song, tune and production.
B, it was chosen by so,e other party to ‘star’ in a modern show.

It is deservedly, recognised for its brilliance and Kate bush helmed the entire production. 
But it’s not great because she is a woman, nor is it great despite her being a woman; it’s simply, great.
  15. @reydelosjimenez4934: #SuperLongOverlyDramaticComingOutEpisode
  16. @N0Charlie: IT'S NOT ABOUT GENDER FLUIDITY!! Both are separate entities w complete character variances.. We're doomed to never know (and no amount of hormone replacement or cross dressing will change that)
  17. @stevene_: you got the why music/song is used wrong...

it doesn't protect you from the monster's, its used as a bridge or tether between vecnas mind and the real world, it guides max. (kinda like we think music can be heard by people in comas to help them connect to the real world.

admittedly there's other music references, but just because it works for max they think it would work for nancy, but it doesn't.

also max admits in s05 to holly "music was her way out she has to find her own" or something like that.
  18. @EDDGC: Woman said it is about gender switching, but this is not about a man become a woman and vice versa not on the way she understood it, not materially it is about empathy trying to understand others view, a man understanding a woman's perspective and a woman understanding a man's perspective.
  19. @truthorpropaganda9001: It is absolutely NOT a gender fluidity thing. It is a seeing through the opposite of TWO genders perspective.
  20. @sunnydhaliwal9012: This song was first used in BBC 1 children program called Running Scared. Look it up 😊❤

- THESE SONGS WILL GO VIRAL IN 'STRANGER THINGS' SEASON 5: Kind: captions Language: en In honor of Stranger Things season 5 officially dropping tomorrow, let's talk about five songs we might expect to hear from this upcoming final season. The Stranger Things effect is no secret. We all know that this show instantly popularizes songs that are decades old or even forgotten, giving them a whole new life after appearing on the show. Take Running Up That Hill by Kate Bush, the best example. After season 4, it shot up to number one on the charts in multiple countries decades after its 1985 release. Spotify reported an 8,700% increase in streams globally days after the season dropped, and it gained huge virality over Tik Tok. Other songs that gained renewed attention include Should I Stay or Should I Go by The Clash, featured in season 1, and Never Ending Story by Lal, which was sung by Dustin and Susie in season 3. That one was also pretty popular on Tik Tok. So, let's get into some songs we might expect to go viral with this new season. Season 5 is set to take place in the fall of 1987. So, we can definitely expect some more amazing '8s tracks to come back and give us that nostalgia. So, we actually looked at some of the top songs around that time, 1987, and here's what we think might make the cut. So, number one prediction, I think that they're going to include with or without you by YouTube. >> With or without. The song is moody. It's emotional. It's literally perfect for those reflective moments between the characters, the groups. I could totally imagine just absolutely sobbing and breaking down to this. I could see somebody dying and this song be almost a montage of nostalgia afterwards. I just think it could make for a very dramatic and emotional sequence amongst the group. Number two, I think we're alone now by Tiffany. I think we're alone now. [music] >> This one's more light-hearted, fun, and upbeat. It's innocent. It's nostalgic. It's ideal for that kind of teen romance and playful adventure. Light-hearted Hawkins moments. It honestly just screams being a teenager in the late '8s, which is what they are. Okay, this next one might be a little bit of a stretch, but I just think it's too big of a song to not be included in this list. I'm honestly just going to throw it out there. Never going to give you up by Rick Ashley. [laughter] >> I really hope this makes it again. It's fun. It's upbeat. I think it's perfect for more of that comedic relief within the show cuz we all know there's going to be some fun moments to compensate for probably the emotional turmoil we're about to go through. But it's instant recognizable '8s energy. Or imagine that's one of the songs that someone would use to escape from Vecna. I could also see that being a little bit of a troll. >> Number four, Friends Will Be Friends by Queen. >> Now, this song came out in 1986, but I think this could be another one that serves that emotional anthemic purpose. Great for a friendship montage or like a heartfelt group bonding scene. It's pretty metal. It's pretty cool. Yeah, I could also picture this one giving me both happy and sad tears, you know. And last but not least, number five. This song did not come out in the 80s. It is a current modern-day song and it is called End of Beginning by Joe Joe Kiri, who plays Steve Harrington on the show. And when I'm back in Chicago, I feel it. >> Listen, I could see why they maybe wouldn't use this song and don't want to like take away from the era of the show that the show is set in. But at the same time, part of me feels like if they don't take this opportunity to use Joe Kiri's song in a way that could literally wrap this up, I don't know what else to say. I just hope this is just kind of more of a of a personal one for me because this song really is about that bittersweet feeling of leaving a formative part of your life which is so relatable to the audience for this being the last season and final season of the show you know also for the gang like who knows what's going to happen to Hawkins. Are they all going to leave Hawkins? Is Hawkins going to be like their Chicago? You know what I mean? Saying goodbye to something that has a lot of emotion and memories tied to it. So that's just my thoughts. Honestly, I got chills thinking about it. But of course, the fact that it takes place in the late 80s, we got to give some honorable mentions to some of the biggest songs and artists of that era that may make it. You never know. But Whitney Houston was at the top of the charts. Michael Jackson was at the top of the charts. So something like I Want to Dance with Somebody by Whitney Houston or Bad by Michael Jackson could very much be something that could be included in the show, but we wanted to do pick some things that could be a little less obvious. Push It by Salt and Peppa. would love that song. It's energetic, playful, just got that nice 80s synth vibe. Perfect for again kind of high school era nostalgia. So, those were our picks and predictions for the songs that we need to hear in Stranger Things season 5 or hope to hear. Stranger Things does not just pick songs, it revives them, giving them a whole new meaning and introducing them to an entirely new generation. So, that's why we're talking about this and can't wait to see and hear what they do include in this season. Whatever it is, I know I'm going to be happy with it. But let us know down in the comments below what you guys think. What songs are you hoping to hear? And what songs do you think will be featured in the show? Happy listening and watching. Much love.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vinceblack4086: The Greatest 
The Most Talented 
The complete Musician 
PRINCE......💜

- 5 Ways to Get Viral Video Ideas (Every YouTuber Should Know): Kind: captions Language: en I use five main strategies to come up with viral video ideas that get views like this for myself and also my clients and in this video I'm going to share all five of them with you so that you'll never run out of Banger video ideas ever again so let's start with strategy number one the absurdity formula the absurdity formula relies on creating content that is within the realm of possibility but is so absurd that it seems almost impossible and I'm going to show you how to use it for yourself in the early days of YouTube it wasn't that hard to get a ton of views if you knew what you were doing because the standards for Content were so much lower than what they are now for example 6 years ago Mr Beast published this video where he gave away $10,000 which was absolutely crazy for the time it ended up getting 10 million views whereas this video on giving away $10,000 that was posted by a Creator who has way more subs than Mr Beast did at the time only got 35,000 views which is pretty good nonetheless but is a long shot off of Mr B's 10 million nowadays if an unknown Creator were to publish this video it would probably struggle to even crack 1,000 views potentially because giving away $10,000 in a video is no longer absurd enough because it's been done so many times to weigh bigger scales so to use the absurdity formula you need to come up with ideas that people think are absurd or aren't possible on my old gamedev Channel Nate Dev I created a video called I made a game in one line of code which got over 2 million views the reason this video did so well is that most people understand that even small video games require hundreds if not thousands of lines of code to make them work so doing it in one line of code was crazy to people however I mentioned earlier that it also needs to be within the realm of possibility despite seeming almost impossible and this is important because if you make an absurd claim and then don't deliver on it in the video your viewers will get upset and click off your video killing its performance on the flip side if you make a bold claim like I did and then actually deliver on it you'll get way more clicks on your video than you even know it to do with in fact I literally did this with two other videos on the exact same channel that did the same thing as the first so to use this technique for yourself you want to first put yourself in the mind of the viewer and then write down 10 to 20 absurd video ideas don't even worry about whether these ideas are possible right now just generate the absolute best videos you can think of for example if you make Finance content you might want to make a video called I don't know I built a$0 million business in 24 hours or if you make cooking videos for example maybe you'll come up with a video called cooking a five-star gourmet meal with $5 just make sure your ideas don't seem too impossible or viewers will think you're lying and won't click and once you've written down a bunch of video ideas you'll want to figure out exactly how you're going to deliver on them which might seem really difficult until you get creative and realize that you can cap a little bit if you just follow it up with a super educational or entertaining video to make up for it for example in this video where I made a game without using my computer I technically made the game without using my computer because I actually ended up calling my friends on my phone and telling them how to make the game with their computers and the only reason this worked and didn't feel like clickbait to my audience is because I followed it up with a super entertaining story and video but if this strategy doesn't end up working as well as you'd like then don't worry because I have four more strategies that I'm going to show you for coming up with viral video ideas which leads me on to number two the social hack social hacking involves creating an idea that capitalizes on familiarity and relevance even large Brands like Nike outside of YouTube use social hacking like when they partnered with Michael Jordan to create the Jordan shoe line and I'm going to show you how you can use this method as well but first take a look at George jenko's Channel you can see that his videos get 10 of thousands of views with the odd video getting a few million views and then bam he creates a video with Andrew Tate becoming his most popular video and gets over 12 million views the reason social hacking he knew that his core audience was in the range of 18 to 25-year-old men and what is this audience love Andrew Tate so he got in contact with his best friend Patrick f David asked him to connect with Andrew flew all the way out to Romania and then did a podcast with him he took on a ton of risk but it paid off because of the power of social hacking his audience was super familiar with Andrew so they clicked right away now the good news is that you don't even need to have somebody famous come onto your channel to utilize social hacking instead you can always just capitalize on stuff that's currently trending for example the game power world recently blew up so on our client's Channel we knew a video about it would probably do well however every single video about po World circulating YouTube at the time was talking about the game's controversies and we knew that if we didn't do something different we just get lost in the SE of video saying the exact same stuff over and over again and probably wouldn't get fused so we took a different approach and instead focused on PO world's marketing success and it became a 20x outlier on the channel pulling in over 20,000 views on a newish 300 sub Channel and speaking of outliers let's move on to number three the outlier method an outlier is a video that performs extremely well compared to everything else on a given Channel now a lot of outliers come as a result of luck but these days there are tools that specifically help you find outliers and I'm going to show you the one that I use every single day so first you'll want to find niches that are adjacent to yours meaning you share a very similar audience with them for example the Roblox Niche is very adjacent to the Minecraft Niche the female fashion Niche is adjacent to the male fashion Niche and the YouTube education Niche is actually adjacent to the finance Niche basically F niches with a very high audience overlap to yours then you'll want to use the tool one of 10 to search these niches for videos that are huge outliers and then adapt them to fit your Niche for example when generating ideas for this channel I search through the finance Niche because it has a very similar audience to the YouTube education Niche and found Alex horos video if I wanted to become a millionaire in 2024 this is what I would do full blueprint which was a pretty big outlier I then adapted it for my own channel and created the video the blueprint to blow up on YouTube in 2024 and it got a one of 10 almost instantly one of 10 has also been kind enough to sponsor this video but I genuinely use this tool every single day to give myself fresh inspiration for video ideas on a plethora of different channels I'm working on and it's never let me down in fact it's literally the third tab in my bookmark marks bar for easy access and for good reason so if you want to use one of 10 like I do then click the link in the description below for a 20% off discount code next up is number four the research tab alongside recommendations a lot of viewers also find videos through YouTube search features and you can use that to your advantage with the research technique to use this technique you want to first go to YouTube Studio analytics and then click the research tab where you'll be able to see things that viewers of your channel are searching for when looking for a video in fact it'll also show you searches that had what YouTube calls content gap which are gaps in the market where there's high demand for a specific search term and not a lot of Supply or you know content to deliver on that search term so if you're ever stuck for a topic idea I suggest checking out the research tab on your channel and using a Content Gap search you already know people want it and that in turn will increase the chances of it going viral if again you follow it up with a banger video and finally number five is the recommendation station the recommendation station is the simplest of the five strategies to keep it simple here's a quick tutorial on how to do it first you want to download the one of 10 Chrome extension using my link in the description below then you'll want to go to the YouTube recommendations page and the one of 10 Chrome extension will then give you the outlier scores on the side of each video once you find a video that is in a niche that's somewhat adjacent to yours you can then just repackage that video and then use it on your own channel very similar to how we do it with the one of 10 tool except it's so much easier and you can even do this while you're on a break watching YouTube or doing anything else anyway I hope you found this video useful and if I missed any of your favorite ways to come up with video ideas then just just comment them down below so that I can make another video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Youmeandneurodiversity [2 likes]: Validated content idea mining = the best way to come up with video ideas. Look for ideas that have already resonated with the audience in your niche on YouTube, (videos that have more views than subs for that channel. For example, 10,000 views but only 2,000 subs is audience growing). Watch it, make notes, understadn what specific “problem” the video is solving. Then go read the comments, look for what people thought the video did well/did bad. Look to understand the specific problem better than anyone else. Then from that data, formulate your own idea. And there can be 3 simple variations. It can be different take of the idea, it can be a vertical exploration of the idea that precedes, or procedes the idea, or it can be a side side step of the idea, so something very similar but in a slightly different niche for example.
  2. @declaredgoose [1 likes]: I thought the ad was the video🥀
  3. @20shots99 [1 likes]: I cant edit like that its too hard😢
  4. @BaHiepDo-e3g [1 likes]: I admire your creativity.
  5. @ambientworldsoundscapes [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! I've just started my first channel, a mix of asmr whisper english lessons and beautiful atmospheric music. I'm small and new but wanting to bring some much needed joy to the world. ♥️
  6. @Punjabijatt-x8c: ❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @tubaughloohoo: Are my new videos fire?
  8. @RedstoneXavier: It no work work tho
  9. @FNAF2great: Dude I’m young I can’t do these things (11 years old)
  10. @dancer.Aryan.77: ❤❤
  11. @TheGAMERDyl4n: Okay yeah this is fucking stupid
  12. @102markdude: I kept guessing what to upload until I started using a tool that shows which videos actually overperform in a niche. Planning feels way less random now. Tool is in my bio
  13. @CoreAnimates-cs: Thanks for the video ideas
  14. @TheGAMERDyl4n: You know not everyone makes content for kids
  15. @vidIQHub: good edit
  16. @UbiybBiubiub: Tysm bro. I made 60k in 20 days. And 60k subs on my channel, not this one, but a diff channel
  17. @ReallyFlippy: I’d reckon half of the population YouTubers used this tutorial. Amazing!
  18. @NovyTom83: This breakdown of the Absurdity Formula and Outlier Method is a game-changer🚀 Most creators just guess, but using data to find adjacent niche winners is the real secret sauce to growth. Thanks for the 1of10 tool recommendation
  19. @kovlolz: he copied my pfp
  20. @sloanteehee: your final tip is to STEAL content? geez man... that is rough.

- How those TikTok Edits actually go Viral...: Kind: captions Language: en These are two different editing accounts. Let's label them as red and blue. Red over here started first. He was making insane edits using softwares like Adobe After Effects and Da Vinci. And as great as those were, he was only posting a couple times a month since it took him hours of hours on end to make. Red would also just edit whatever he pleased to. But the editing style was insane and consistent. So what's wrong with that? On the other hand, Blue started a month after Red. He enjoyed watching a lot of viral edits, even tried to make some of his own. And after watching a few tutorials, he got it down. Blue was pretty bad in the start, but started posting almost every day and tried different styles that were trending till Blue found a style that he enjoyed and stuck to it while still consistently participating in trends. But at the end of the day, his edits did seem pretty low effort and really didn't have much going on in them. I didn't shake Blue too much, so he just loved making them and kept going with it. Now, let's skip to about 6 months later. Who would you assume had a more successful account? Red, the very high quality editor who made insane edits a few times a month, or Blue, the crappy editor who posted more edits and trends more often? Now, if you guessed red, you're actually wrong. After 6 months, blue actually had 10K followers, had 10 videos to get over 100K views, over that got over a million. Red, on the other hand, he had only two videos get over 10,000 views, and nearly had 2K followers. Why is this? Why did that loweffort editor get so much more views than the editor who was spending 10 to 20 hours on every edit? It's simple. Tik Tok just likes bad editor. Jokes aside, there's actual science and facts to back up why this happens. This has to be the biggest complaint in the editing space. And no, it's not cuz Tik Tok likes bad editors. It's actually so much more simpler than that. You're making edits for people, normal people. Most editors don't realize that. Adding effects on top of effects on top of effects. I mean, don't get me wrong, from an editor's perspective, it looks awesome. But to the average person, there's just way too much going on for them to really get something out of it other than, you know, motion sickness. You have to understand that you're making edits for people to watch. meaning you have to well actually give the edit meaning. You either do that by giving the edit a story or making it express an emotion. There is so much different ways you can do this. Like this could be happiness by making an edit that's wholesome or anger by making an edit that's controversial or even like a badass edit of a character which gives a viewer that rush of adrenaline. [music] I'm going to get more into the psychology of going viral in a minute. Let's actually understand how the big bad algorithm works. I just don't understand why. But editors stress more about how they post than the actual edit. What time do I post? What glitch is going to get me 50 million views. You're not making videos for an algorithm. You're making them for people. What you need to understand instead is if your edit actually hooks in the viewers, uses a familiar or viral style and audio, it actually looks clean and smooth. Because if you somehow manage to nail all of these down to the perfection, it's going to go viral whether you post it at 1:00 a.m. 100 p.m. zero hashtags or 15. That's why the world of posting hacks were just invented by bad editors, which they completely go all in and believe instead of trying to make actual better content. Now, does this mean you shouldn't care at all about the algorithm? I mean, of course not. There are still certain fundamentals that you would want to optimize. For example, being your posting time and hashtags. I know I just made an example clowning on that, but if you max that out, you have a very good chance at boosting your views. But your main focus should be making an edit that people want to actually watch. Now, like I said, we're going to get into the psychology of that later, but here are two simple hacks that I think are the most important to juice out all the views from the algorithm. First one would be posting time. You have to understand that there's no universal best time to post because everybody's audience is different. So, how do you find out the best time for your audience? Go to Tik Tok analytics audience panel and then check the days of the week and the hours of the day your followers are the most active. Then figure out a way to post on your viewers most active days and a couple hours before your followers most active hour of the day. And it's better to post a couple hours before the peak just so your video will still kind of be fresh but like not too new so it'll still get recommended. I don't know. This is just what I Not only will you get more consistent views by sticking to a schedule, but you'll also be a more organized editor yourself. Number two, hashtags. There is no perfect amount of hashtags you should use. People go viral with a lot and people go viral with barely any. But here's the easiest way to understand hashtags. Imagine the algorithm is a grocery store. Every time that you like a video, watch till the end or interact in any way really. as hashtags will fall into your shopping cart. Then when you scroll, the algorithm will look at your shopping cart and say, "Oh, you like this stuff." And then it'll recommend you more videos with similar hashtags. And that's really it. Hashtags just help guide the system. That's great to know, but that doesn't specify how much hashtags you should use. But my best advice is just to copy what's already working within your niche, meaning just copy them out of hashtags other people in your space are doing. For example, if you're making basketball edits, every time you see a viral basketball edit, go down in the hashtags and take a screenshot of it. I'd recommend to get five to 10 different screenshots of different edits and note the hashtags you see the most. From there, you could either copy the formats they use or twist it around. Honestly, just experiment with it. Another thing I would like to mention is to stop posting a 100 different kinds of content. If you want to go viral, you have to stay consistent. That doesn't just mean posting consistently, but actually making consistent content. [music] Make your account dedicated to one concept. That could be only football edits or Marvel edits or even get more specific down to a single character. Like in my case, my accounts are mainly around the Reverse Flash and the CW Flash show. And I really have not posted anything other than that. Now, if you're trying to get views, I am so against multifandoms because they're so inconsistent. But the only exception would be is if you're editing shows and movies that are currently trending, I mean, number one searched on Google trending. Cuz at that case, you're not really a multifandom. Your account is just about trending edits and trending shows, [music] which inevitably becomes your niche. But although the reach for these accounts are crazy, the biggest downside is if you're editing something that you just don't enjoy but gets you views, you will just be on the route for a burnout. And I don't think anybody wants to go down there. I would personally tell you that I would find this type of account very hard to manage because I'm the type of person who will obsess over one specific thing instead of being a little bit into everything. So, my exception to multifandom accounts would be if you're really just trying to edit for fun. But other than that, if you're posting a random thing with every single post, don't expect a million views on every one. Retention has to be the biggest thing editors overlook. You need to understand the science behind why somebody stopped scrolling, why they'd watch a cool edit, and then also find a way to get them to rewatch it. If you can nail all three of those, then you simply have a viral edit. Let's start with your hook. It's the first 3 seconds of an edit. Where's the biggest moment where your viewer [music] will decide if they want to watch it or just keep scrolling? Every single frame in these 3 seconds is going to be the most important. So, what you'd want to do is just get into the edit right away. For example, if it's a film edit, then get right to the point instantly. Either that's showing a character do something, getting punched, or just getting to the dialogue right away. Another little thing I use on one of my most viral edits is adding this little basic white flashcreen, which will trigger to the viewer that this is obviously an edit, which often stops a lot of viewers. I mean, I've used it on one of my most viral edits, and you could see how that performed. But if anything, just stay away from those 10-second long black screen intros, please. Now that you have your viewers hooked, you need to make sure your edit is engaging enough so that the viewer will actually want to stay and watch it. Some of the best ways to do this is obviously choose a familiar and satisfying song in the background. Depending on what style you're doing, just make sure it's consistent. For example, if it's just a normal edit with clips, make sure you choose actual good, unique clips and that they're unbeat and in the end come off as satisfying. And maybe even go the extra mile to add some voiceovers. But overall, you'd always want to keep your viewer engaged and entertained. Now that your viewer has watched till the end of the video, if you can get them to somehow rewatch it, that will be your key to going viral because your engagement will just shoot up. One of the ways to do so is maybe add something out of pocket in the end, or maybe even just a plot twist, which will then change the viewer's perspective of the beginning edit and will make them rewatch it. Or you can just get to the point fast and make it super satisfying enough and almost make it feel like the video ended too early so the viewer will go all in on that feeling and give it another watch. And when trying to optimize for retention, please avoid repeating your edit. Unless your edit is literally 4 seconds long. If you're repeating your edit, you're basically letting your viewer rewatch it without actually getting the extra engagement. So at that point, you're really just trying to make that edit a block. Also, another really good bonus would be is if you have an intro to your edit that's a clip, instead of adding a black screen at the end of your edit when it's finished, add that intro clip to the end, but go to it right before the intro starts. And then have it slowly fade in, which obviously will catch the viewer off guard. They'll be like, "Wait, I thought the edit is done. What is this?" If this is done correctly, it should loop the edit. But let me know in the comments if you want a separate tutorial on that. There are two main things that actually determines if an edit is good. Good ideas and good editing. If you get either one down, you'll have a really decent chance of being. But find a way to put both together and you'll have a viral video twice a week. To get good ideas, it's simple. Either just watch and consume so much edit, then draw inspiration and even recreate some new trends or do the complete opposite by making yourself bored to death for a few hours every day, which basically means go outside. And that is when you'll get all the best ideas. Trust me, I and my TikTok prime would stare at a wall for 3 hours. Trust me, once that edit idea light bulb goes off in your head, you think it may have potential, but you're not just too sure. I don't care how bad it may sound, just write it down immediately because all that matters is it's actually unique. And maybe you just need a fresh pair of eyes later on to look at it and then you might come up with something even better. Cuz let me tell you, that might just be the backstory to your first viral hit. Then outside of ideas, the other way to have [music] viral edits is to actually have good editing. To make good edits, you have to, well, obviously get good, which either means using better software or actually learning new things. If you have bad uncalled for quality on an edit that's [music] supposed to feel premium, then well, you're going to flop hard. But thankfully, there's a lot of fixes to this, like using good color corrections and upscaling softwares like Topaz. But if you don't have any good color corrections, you can get the same ones that I use in my edits in the pin comment. Another way you can improve your edits is by using some cool 3D elements. I'm personally mind-blown when I see those edits that look normal at first, then all of a sudden has this clean 3D stuff popping in. I could tell you I've tried doing this years ago when I knew nothing about 3D and it came out terrible. But luckily for you now there's so much better options. So if you're in that same spot, I can tell you this is the tool I wish I had back then. That tool is triple AI, which is crazy to me cuz it only takes a few minutes to generate instead of having to go all out and learn a software like Blender that could take days to weeks to even months. For this set I was just working on, I needed a 3D reverse flash emblem. So I just dropped in a reference PNG picture off of Google. The triple gave me the option to choose between single image generation mode or multiv- view mode. Single image generation mode is the best for having quick and faster generations, but multiv- view on the other hand, although takes a little longer, is much more detailed. In my opinion, will work the best for something like this, especially after you take that HD feature to increase the quality of the generations even more. Then once it's generated, if something needs a fix, I just have to type it into this box, which pops up after I click on this box with the reference photo. Ask it to change it to my liking. And shortly after, the model will generate and triple gives you this new model added with all the changes that you need. Honestly, for something that took a couple minutes to generate, this is fine. They also offer auto rigging with over a 100 preset animations. You can go from upload image to auto rig to apply animation. And just like that, super easy. Once I was happy with my river splash emblem, I then had to add the color. So, I went to the texture tab and let it generate the suggested coloring it had taken off of the photo. It then gave me this sweet metallic red look, which honestly I think looks fine. I downloaded as an OBJ file and imported into After Effects 2025 since it now supports direct 3D. Then I adjusted it to my liking to fit the edit. And hey, off the spot, this looks so much more better than the last time I tried to use a 3D object in my edit. You can use my invite link in the description and [music] pin comment for an extra 500 credit as well as my discount code for 60% off of your first month of pro. Since Tripo has also hooked me up with a free account for one of you, you can join my Discord server in the description and enter the giveaway there. Thanks Trio for sponsoring this video and I will definitely be using this in the future. And honestly, even if they didn't sponsor this video, this would still definitely be a tool I would use and recommend. I have just poured out all the sauce I know about going viral. It's now your turn to up your game. I actually did do a challenge exactly like that of going viral on a brand new account to prove that it's not luck. So, I'll actually put that right up here so you can watch it next. If you enjoy this content, do consider subscribing since I do plan on making more. And comment below what you want to see next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReverseStark [71 likes]: What’s your most viral video?

Try Tripo 3D using the link below or code TCVF24 to start with 500 free credits. If you end up liking it, you can unlock Pro with TRIPOCREW for 60% off your first month: https://studio.tripo3d.ai/home?invite_code=TCVF24&utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=kol&utm_campaign=kol_reversestark

Get my editing packs with the presets i used to get over 100M views: https://payhip.com/reversestark
  2. @Linik537 [1 likes]: My guy, you have NO idea of how helpful this video is, thank you so much for this
  3. @RekT4k: thats enough effects bro gif
  4. @OfficialYorFz: Thanks man this really helpt
  5. @sk_3ditxaep: ok so @ReverseStark I post edits of movies football and more but basically on edits so is it killing my channel
  6. @DcmfRl: Dudewhot be like
  7. @zXmpoo: what editing app do you use?
  8. @Haz_Football: Bro how do u afford AE at 14??
  9. @cassiuseditzfx: Don’t talk abt my king mehza like that 🥸🥸🥸
  10. @AuraEdits6767: Im a red, even though im kinda crappy, im doing it for myself
  11. @strikeforcealpha9343: Listen to the person who has 70 thousand subs
  12. @MichaelChirombo-k6n: I think am only one who come from chat gpt
  13. @Letsgoronaldo-m1p: do loop tutptial
  14. @TestimonyOfJesus777: thanks
  15. @twinassassin979: for my account i started as a clipper for mortal kombat and grew a decent fan base, then went on to become and editor for a long time growing as waell, i dont have a consistent charcter or show, i edit what i want to, or what is trending more or less. Shoould i hope onto another account and start over?i have a following of 21k but im not sure what i should do, as i have changed my name slighly over the year, any help would be nice thank you.
  16. @M4sterOfFire_CC: 1:49 exactly
  17. @Doge-k8d: Bro I watched it up to where you said red was a pro and blue was bad, then I spent like 10mins explaining why red (who I thought was successful) was unfair, and 10 sec later I deleted it ;-;
  18. @FlipityFlapity: Alr gang who let their 5yr old on their mums phone
  19. @KaydenT000: For anyone who wants an extra tip if you make football edits make sure they aren’t slow paced,my first 2 edits both got 1100 views in a day then I made two slower paced ones 8 views on the first 9 on the second
  20. @SevenTailedWolf72: Just started doing these types of edits. Having so much fun.

- Viral Marketing Examples: 4 Campaigns Explained!: Kind: captions Language: en when a product goes viral is it because of the brand viral advertising or is it just luck well the truth is that this type of content usually has a well-designed viral strategy behind it but luck creativity and preparation also come into play so to better understand how to make a product or a brand go viral we'll break down the concept explain how a viral campaign works and show you some examples are you ready let's begin [Music] how does viral marketing exactly work viral marketing generates interest in a brand or product and therefore potential sales through messages that spread quickly from person to person the idea is that the users themselves choose to share the content due to their speed and the fact that they make sharing easy social networks are the perfect place for viral marketing a popular example is creating emotional funny or unique videos on tick tock or youtube which are then shared on facebook twitter instagram and any other channels now that you have a better idea of this technique let's see some examples of marketing campaigns that went viral number one ihop or ihob in 2018 with one single tweet ihop caused an online frenzy when they suggested that they were changing their name from ihop to ihop but no one knew what the b stood for for the next seven days the whole world was left guessing as to what the b could possibly stand for ihop's social media accounts played along with the speculation and fueled the fire online finally they revealed the hidden meeting b stood for burgers this caused ihop to receive over 113 million dollars in earned media and resulted in an increase in its burger sales while this campaign was slightly controversial at the time because some users felt that the reveal was overhyped there's no denying that it was a huge success two dumb ways to die in 2012 australia's metro trains wanted to find a way to encourage people to act safely around trains instead of going the traditional route of scary and off-putting ads mccann australia decided to let creativity fly and deliver the instant hint dumb ways to die in this animated video several characters appeared dying in different silly ways with a catchy song explaining the reason for each death i wonder what's this red button do dumb ways to die so many young ways to die and it's not until the end of the song that we see three train related deaths run place when the song finishes the campaign slogan appears and we see that it was a safety campaign around trains the video was shared worldwide and received over 60 million dollars in media impressions but most importantly the video's message caused people to be more aware of safety issues surrounding trains resulting in a 20 reduction in rail related accidents number three oreo some of the best viral content comes from seizing the moment perhaps the most famous example of this is oreo's dunk in the dark tweet during the 2013 super bowl if you don't know what this is about in the 2013 super bowl there is a crisis moment when a blackout happened in the middle of the game it lasted more than half an hour and when the power went back on the game had already finished so what does this have to do with oreo well oreo saw an opportunity and took it oreo's twitter account made a post saying power out no problem you can still dunk in the dark along with a picture of an oreo being what lightens the dark oreo has had the same slogan for many years twist lick and dunk so with this blackout incident oreo is able to put a twist in it with creativity as you don't have much to do during a blackout one of the easiest things you can do is enjoy your oreos with a glass of milk in the dark this became one of the most buzzworthy ads of the 2013 super bowl and it wasn't even a commercial the tweet went obviously viral and received thousands of retweets and likes both on twitter and facebook oreo also gained thousands of followers on different social media platforms and many users created content about it while content like this can't be planned it's the quick thinking and creativity that made this tweet so popular number four the ice bucket challenge a few years ago the als association launched the ice bucket challenge to raise awareness of the condition and funds for medical research the challenge consisted of filming yourself pouring a bucket of ice water over your head and then nominating three other people to follow suit you have 24 hours to respond you're gonna donate a hundred dollars to the als foundation here we good go guys let's do this millions of people around the world rose up to the challenge including celebrities like oprah bill gates and donatella versace besides the viral challenge that reached all the social media platforms including youtube what really matters is that the campaign was a great success receiving over 115 million dollars in donations however virality can be a double-edged sword it's important to remember that in this type of campaign a large part of the control falls into the hands of the users and there is a risk that the message can be misinterpreted on the other hand a successful viral campaign can work miracles for your brand you might have heard of guerilla marketing though it's similar to viral marketing it's not exactly the same thing while bioware marketing is all about users spreading your content organically and quickly guerrilla marketing is all about shattering conventional marketing methods and reaching users without using traditional outlets in other words the aim of gorilla marketing is to ambush the viewer and build publicity whereas viral marketing seeks to generate the organic and voluntary distribution of content from users how does a viral campaign work in theory a viral marketing campaign is very simple to carry out you create a video or other content that is attractive to your target audience put it on the internet and promote it from there all you can do is wait for the fuse to light and for users to start sharing like crazy in some cases virality happens by accident for example when a video is uploaded by a private user that all of a sudden becomes popular and begins to circulate all over the internet as for the dispersion strategy for brand videos there are two types visible and concealed in visible dispersion users are aware from the moment that they start watching the video that they are reviewing advertising or branded content from a specific brand whereas when it's concealed the participation of the brand is only revealed at the end if you apply concealed marketing techniques it is important to be very careful that the user does not feel tricked cheated or deceived no matter what strategy you choose remember to never become spammy or go overboard with your content instead of repeating your message over and over the best strategy is to find a good place in time and let the viral fuse light itself what are the main advantages of viral marketing one first of all the low cost what characterizes viral campaigns is that the users do a significant part of the work for the brand which drastically cuts down distribution costs it is unnecessary to buy advertising or media space if users are already sharing your content two it's potential to reach a lot of users a viral video on the internet has the ability to reach a huge international audience without having to invest a ton of money or make an extra effort due to this a small company or even a private individual can go viral three it is not invasive in viral marketing the social media user is the one making the decision to participate and share content so it lessens the possibility of the brand coming across as invasive because of this the perception of the brand and the interaction are significantly better compared to more typical forms of advertising four it helps build your brand if you are behind a creative viral campaign users will learn about you and develop a personal connection with your brand as you can see virality can't be controlled but it can be pursued if you want to create a viral campaign make sure to come up with new and creative ways to launch your product or brand and make people know about you if you like this video give us a thumbs up and leave a comment and subscribe to our channel if you haven't already see you soon you

  Top Comments:
  1. @maestrotutorials8543 [6 likes]: useful video thank you
  2. @fahadamer9537 [1 likes]: I just learned that "Dumb ways to die" is a song about trains related deaths 😂
  3. @JoonasKuusk [1 likes]: This channel is becoming my go-to for all business stuff.
  4. @SuzanFravel [1 likes]: Very instructive
  5. @AlpacaEmperor [1 likes]: I learned nothing
  6. @dellsmith6026 [1 likes]: Thanks for video I'm trying my best to master this Viral marketing strategy for my agency 👍🏻
  7. @JanSvoboda-m7h: This makes me want to finally start my business!
  8. @RomanStepanek-v7w: good
  9. @MadisAun: good
  10. @AndreiPopescu-x9k5o: 😮😮🤩
  11. @WłodzimierzCzapla: These campaigns didn’t just sell — they lived rent-free in our heads. Marketing like this should be illegal. 😮‍💨📈
  12. @researchereye: Is this reader a bot?
  13. @jlyap888: Super duper useful, thanks you for the video
  14. @sinanderis: Can you breakdown how you are calculating the earned media dollars per campaign?
  15. @prashantraghav9342: You are beautiful mam
  16. @maggiefoster8530: Great help. Thank you!
  17. @drshyjumarar: Couldn't have your contact for further communication?

- The Psychology Behind Good Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en It should come as no surprise that modern advertising as we know it, has shaped our society in many ways. A lot of our daily decisions and life choices are influenced in part by advertising itself. It’s become such a deep-rooted constituent of our established norm that a world without it would seem, frankly, strange "Like so many others, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct" "Uh, yes. I'd like to order the Erica Pekkary dust ruffles" "Please hold." This is because barely a moment goes by during our day when we aren’t bombarded with advertisements in some form or the other. Posters, billboards, flyers, TV commercials, and internet ads, all creep into our personal space and tell us what we should buy and who we should be. For now our only brief escape from our role as a potential consumer comes to us during sleep. But even this could possibly change one day. "Are you bored?" "Get Sky Go for your mobile" "Best entertainment and live sport" "When you want it and where you want it" What's important to know is that the purpose of advertising isn’t limited in its capacity to harass us into parting with our hard earned money. Advertising plays a traditional role in helping businesses reach prospective customers and vice versa. Without it we would not know where to look for a particular product or service we need. Perhaps without advertising we wouldn’t even know what we wanted in the first place. Yet in our present day technologically driven lives, the reach between producer and consumer has grown a lot smaller. With the numerous media platforms and channels available to us, a simple online search takes us to a list of providers able to satisfy our every want. Our dilemma today comes in the form of not knowing which product to choose from out of the many available to us. This is where good advertising comes into play. In a saturated market, subtle differences can make the distinction between the choice of one product over another. There are typically two modes of advertising that ad agencies and marketing gurus utilize. One focuses on the qualities of the product, while the other seeks to arouse an emotional response from the intended audience. The moment you start to think about advertisements that have stood out to you in the recent past, there’s a high probability that they incorporated the latter. And there’s a good reason for this. "Well gentlemen, I don't think I have to tell you what you just witnessed here" "I think you do" Why should you choose one product over another? That decision becomes easy when you develop an affinity with a particular brand. It could be something as small as an aesthetically appealing logo design. Something that resonates with you and feels calming. The right colours and appropriate typography all matched in harmony for a well packaged product. But advertising goes beyond a well thought out logo or attractive packaging. The most successful ad campaigns hardly say anything about the product itself but instead create a lucid atmosphere that evokes a strong emotion from its target consumer. These are the types of advertisements that we remember, talk about, and influence our purchasing decisions. Now, let’s take a look at the following two commercials about perfume: "Fragrances by Shulton" "The essence of precious scents caught in that precise moment of fulfillment" "Distilled with exquisite artistry for your every mood" "In four fragrances" "Here's the newest adventure in fragrances" "Escapade" "A blending of subtle French genius with a bold, vivacious, American touch" "To be lovely is to feel lovely when your fragrance expresses your gayest self" "So choose a gay adventure - choose Escapade toilet water" "Immediately, you'll feel lovely" "Why, you are lovely in that light and gay Escapade mood" "And remember your Escapade stick cologne to a new adventure, wherever you are" "Enjoy all these fragrances" "Friendship's garden" "Early American Old Spice" "Dessert Flower - At leading cosmetic counters everywhere" "Toilet Waters at a $1.25 and a $1.50, stick colognes $1" "Acqua di Gioia, the new eau fraiche" "Giorgio Armani" The differences between the two commercials are quite stark. The first ad for Escapade Perfume quite explicitly focuses on the product itself. They describe certain characteristics of the perfume while going on to talk about its application and effect on the user. And this is quite difficult to do when describing a product whose main selling attribute (smell) is not transmissible through Television. It almost seems absurd, but the second perfume commercial for Giorgio Armani does not even try in the least to directly communicate the features of their product. They rely solely on alighting particular feelings and associations with their perfume. In this case, we could assume that the directors behind the ad wanted to transmit the feeling of ethereal beauty. We see a woman who fits into our standard of high attractiveness in our society, frolicking through a rainforest in the midst of a storm. The only mention of the perfume is in the last six seconds of the one minute ad. So why do we care about the associations of a product, rather than the product itself? Good advertising helps us begin to answer one of the most fundamental questions of life – Who Am I? This is because when it comes to figuring out who we are and what we want from life, we usually struggle to find answers. A lot of this is existential and has to do with the fact that we’re born with no pre-established notion of what it means to be human. It’s up to us to figure that along the way. But making that decision isn’t easy. In fact, it’s a huge burden. Out of all the possibilities our lives can take, how can we decide who or what we should be? We have no inkling if the choices we make will turn out to be good or not. Yet, we are each tasked with the responsibility of deciding for ourselves and can only hope that we’ve chosen well. On the other hand, good advertising helps us build an identity by releasing the anxiety brought about by self-determination. It tells us exactly what choice to make by compelling us to buy a certain product. And once we have done so, we will be able to emulate the identity and characteristics that we have learned to associate with that product from a particular commercial or advertisement. "Advertising is based on one thing" "Happiness" "And do you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car" "It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams, with reassurance, that whatever you're doing, it's okay." "You are okay" Advertising that caters to our feelings, primarily resonates with our subconscious mind and not our conscious mind. It’s why we sometimes can’t rationally deduce our preference for a certain brand and our ability to pay a premium for a product we can’t tell apart from its competitors. If we are drawn to it simply because of what it evokes inside of us and the associations that come with it, then rest assured, the marketing department has done their research. What this means is that we need to start thinking carefully about the decisions we make even if it’s something as insignificant as purchasing a perfume. Good advertising feeds off both our insecurities and deficiencies as humans and makes us believe that we can mask them with a new and exciting identity. Make no mistake, the only thing you’ll be able to achieve is to diminish your anxiety in the short term. And of course, you’ll spend money on things you don’t need in order to quell a discomfort that needs to be addressed appropriately. Making authentic decisions that align with our best interests is no easy task and takes a lot of effort. Yet, we have to realize that losing ourselves into the illusions constructed by good advertising will not make our lives any easier. They will only detract us from accepting and being comfortable with who we really are and the givens of our reality. There is no point striving towards an ideal when perfection doesn’t exist. Accomplish this and you’ll be a much happier individual.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willivonen3886 [1 likes]: How good would you say artificial intelligence when it becomes a super intelligence be used for advertising?😂
  2. @MobilaisTelefons-u3w: 🤔🤔🤔 
I've been sitting and thinking after watching this and came in conclusion...

Advertisement companies owes me significant amount of money, for playing their garbage on my devices...
  3. @RăzvanMocanu-d7t: Interesting!
  4. @cloudy1723: You’ll need a hobo teacher and your buddy’s dogtag from the war.
  5. @timothyingram: Advertising is predominantly garbage.
  6. @SakinKakazai: Greate video! Thanks for this
  7. @BoyerAngelah: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  8. @StellarMeng: This video explains why certain ads grab our attention psychologically, and it reminded me of an article I read on The Observatory called “What Makes a Good Online Video Ad: How Brands Grab Your Attention.” It’s fascinating how attention psychology and storytelling strategy are so intentionally designed in great ads.
  9. @junodonatus4906: How often do we hear this in a commercial: "They don't want you to know and they're trying to silence me.....but I'm going to tell you anyway." There is a variation of "I'm in danger for telling you what corporations don't want you to know" in so many commercials. The idea of BIG companies scamming you and the little guy exposing that must have some deeply rooted appeal for the people.
  10. @cutkitvid9548: Do you know drilling these hideous commercials into people's heads causes them to hate every product affiliated  with constant repetitive not very imaginative stupid pleas to buy a product. 1. More money spent on commercials less on product. 2. If your product can't stand the scrutiny of word to mouth advertising then it's not worth buying. 3. I have a very very very long notepad page naming every stinking commercial I ever had to watch wait for it to be over or hear. If I'm in doubt I refer back to my notes ...but I never ever ever buy anything I've seen in a commercial or heard or waited for on-line. That's  the psychology of commercials for me and I'm not the only one. Only fools listen to commercials or pay attention
  11. @GolnazRamezani: perfect✨
  12. @AbdoulParé-t1m: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  13. @Creative_Chaos09: :finger-red-number-one:
  14. @splearning19: Fell asleep midway through this video I’m ngl
  15. @Zaib-5838: 4:20 for the newer generation, here gay means happiness.
  16. @HowlinWatersSoloShows: Got the message loud and clear ... Escapade perfume makes you gay. 🥴
  17. @Hoert-om4pp: Why does everyone only have no-reply addresses and constantly bombard me with advertising?
Such addresses seem sickening, of course, because no communication can be sent back to tell them that we don't want their junk!
This applies to all advertisers so far, so as long as the internet has existed, we are still forced to see their sick behavior, which never seems to be treated, for example, in hospitals. How long will their need to embarrass themselves everywhere continue, I wonder, because no one can stand to hang out with psychos like this their whole life, and this kind of behavior doesn't go away without the strongest drugs that psychiatry can give them!!!???
  18. @Nhlanhla-z6m: Would have love to continue to listen, however the narrator sounds so robotic.
  19. @adudecalleddarien: I'm using this video as a reference for my essay on the topic of advertising. This is really deep and well-written video, actually. I'm appreciative to have found this video.
  20. @graphixkillzzz: advertising can manipulate humans to do anything. 
except not fall for advertising.

imagine advertising to manipulate people to stop being manipulable by advertising?

- Reverse Selfie: Social Media's Impact on Girls' Self-Esteem | Dove: Kind: captions Language: en [Music starts] <i>♪</i> [Keyboard clicking] [Electronic 'swoosh' uploading sound] [Electronic 'soft clicks' editing sounds.] [Violin joins in] [Music continues apace] [Camera shutters] [Aerosol spraying] [Drop of liquid] [Girl's hair swishes] [Music subsides.] [Piano continues.] [Music stops]

  Top Comments:
  1. @saminarose80 [2 likes]: Couldn't you find a prettier girl! 😅 She is already astonishing with no makeup
  2. @KeshviDhore [1 likes]: tuff
  3. @andrewcorona1 [1 likes]: Who Is She At 0:46?
  4. @bogusianowocinska1990 [1 likes]: 😢koniec
  5. @DanielRoy-y9e [1 likes]: Beauty standards, 99% of the time are imposed by other women. Stop blaming boys, And point the finger at the carpet entities that peddle the unrealistic beauty standards,  and the social  media outlets that get paid billions to promote them.
WAKE UP PEOPLE!!!!!!
  6. @SaharNaheb-w6y [1 likes]: Thanks to @Dove for yet another ad that celebrates real bodies, keeps it honest, fresh, no filters. This campaign uses everyday folks, not airbrushed images, honestly, it makes a difference. This kind of portrayal can challenge damaging ideals about looks. 🎉❤
  7. @Tortaxx_4k [1 likes]: C'est trop triste ❤
  8. @NikolPeeva-i9t: Just be yourself
  9. @t-man5196: The inconvenient truth is that the unrealistic beauty standards in videos like these are also whats ruining girls self-esteem
  10. @HowtobeaSillybilly101: we watched this in my fifth grade sex ed.
-a freshman
  11. @cberg2731: World gets softer every year.
  12. @nicolaharbord392yyyguitaroiioo: What is your daughter searching for iiiiiiiiiiiiikkkkikkk
  13. @lupu1993: I stay off social media for my mental health because of this kind of stuff. Unfortunately that comes at a price since that's where most socialization seems to occur nowadays so then there's that sense of isolation. So it's a no win situation 😕
  14. @Music-tb3qc: Enjoy your childhood😢❤
  15. @PEREZARTEAGAISAACFRANCISCO: que
  16. @HazelDakins: Such a wholesome moment.
  17. @Tacos-or7fq: Salut je suis français donc salut
  18. @AlekzanderLong: I�ll definitely share this with friends.
  19. @matejmotuz108: The new dove adds made me go out of my way to look for more dove adds and discovering just how pretentious they are , company that sells chemicals for body doesn't care about your well being , don't be fooled
  20. @XjaocjjBxaicj: You always keep it interesting.

- The Best Marketing Ever | Art Of Selling | NEURO MARKETING | SHOT BY SHOT: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] products are made in the factory but brands are created in the mind even though we consider ourselves logical and modern human beings the majority of our decisions are made by the ancient instinctive subconscious part of our brains sometimes referred to as our reptilian brain let's have an insight into one such example in the field of marketing in the 1970s Japan's economy was booming and Nestle was looking for the way to transform that into dollars obviously the option they chose was coffee but not so fast it was no secret that Japanese consumers loved tea greatly so Nestle tested the market cautiously before jumping in there an several focus group asking consumers from every age group what they thought of Nestle Coffee surprisingly everyone loved it all focus group came back incredibly positive Japanese consumers really liked the taste of coffee Nestle executives got excited and they shifted into high gear preparing a rollout plan to have coffee on every shelf in Japan huge sums were spent on marketing and distribution and coffee hit the market with a blast and then it wasn't as expected Nestle Coffee just wasn't selling in Japan is there anything more depressing than an empty coffee shop it made no sense every study showed that Nestle Coffee would be the next big thing but Japanese consumers stuck to tea Japanese consumers liked the taste of coffee but simply chose not to buy it faced with this challenging situation Nestle decided to bring in the superstar of marketing clutter repel clutter repeal was not your typical marketer for starters he was actually a child psychiatrist who had spent years working with autistic children but because of this experience he was convinced of one thing that people can't tell you what they really want he believed that the real desires that drove humans were unconscious ones and only very few people were aware enough to understand them clawed are called this is reptilian instinct an example of clutters work was with Jeeps latest models which hadn't been selling and the company couldn't understand why clutter came back with the oddest of suggestions go back to using round headlights clutter realized that for American consumers a Jeep meant freedom it was the symbol of Wild West of running free and equivalent to horse for Americans the Jeep was the modern horse when Jeep had changed their headlights shaped from round to square they had lost that connection because the headlights no longer looked like a horse's eyes Jeep changed it back and the sales went up unbelievably now back to Nestle in Japan when clutter arrived he was quick to understand that Japanese consumers had no connection to coffee no early childhood association Japanese kids grew up watching their parents drink tea lived with the smell of tea in the air and ate tea flavored snacks was it any surprise that as adults they chose tea over coffee so what did clutter recommend yes the coffee candies suddenly hordes of Japanese kids began to discover the taste of coffee through dozens of different candy types from there they eventually moved on to cold sugary coffee flavored drinks and then to lats and then before they knew it big steamy mugs of Nescafe coffee not bad for a market that wouldn't buy coffee just 40 years ago the key is no matter what story you tell make the buyer the hero

  Top Comments:
  1. @wakaastudio [101 likes]: Recently, I discovered a fascinating book that delves into a topic I've been exploring. It offers unique insights that set it apart from others. It breaks down the psychology behind the marketing strategies employed by leading marketers today, complete with practical examples. The title is Don't Buy This Book - Marketing Secrets, and interestingly, it has been banned in many countries. I stumbled upon it on the baluter books website. You might want to check it out!
  2. @amitkoyande [3 likes]: So you mean all adults all of a sudden started eating coffee candies first? 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
  3. @DevnaJaiswal [2 likes]: Upfront payments for quality leads and marketing are too pricey, and I can't afford it. I need a service where I only pay for results. Any ideas?
  4. @Thestudionus [1 likes]: You rock and keep up the good work&rolls.
  5. @websitedesigner7158: Round headlights made the sales increase? are you sure.?
  6. @adamwill4029: People who still buy Nestle need to be eliminated
  7. @tvlabstudios: Good video, great info but the AI voice is just so bad :(
  8. @buzzboomer: I think the Nestle case study perfectly shows that traditional market research isn't enough. You have to understand the cultural and emotional connection people have to products. What's one product where you think the brand has a deep emotional connection with its customers?
  9. @pkb-m5l: We have only 3 sec
  10. @maneeshahooja: Informative. Thank you.
  11. @bappojappo-_-3986: and its all over my screen, another amazing video!
  12. @danielgaviria1751: Art of Manipulating
  13. @Luucky-888: 😮
  14. @UtkarshSrivastav-d4v: But it didn't worked in India, only for some areas
  15. @BQENews: Ugh the AI narration makes this almost unlistenable.
  16. @SuccessMindset2180: Without learning about consumers, there is no real company
  17. @breakoutbusinessenglish: I'm sure the video had good content, but for me I turned it off as soon as I heard the AI voice over. Sorry!
  18. @EMClipsHub: Informative!
  19. @laurilepp6304: This is what women are doing. They make men believe that they are heroes and for that feeling men give all their money to women 🤣
  20. @xrystalskyes2838: Fantastic content. Now apply this strategy to American films post Covid. What are our puppeteers seeding?

- I Tested Higgsfield's New Seedance UGC Hooks so You Don't Have to...: Kind: captions Language: en Hixfeld SeaDance 2.0 Marketing Studio just got a fresh update with a new feature called Hook. And today I put it to the test to see if it's a worthy upgrade or if it is not worth your time. There's some ways that it worked wonderfully and other ways it completely failed me. We'll dive into both of those and as always even though Hixfeld is a sponsor of this video, I give you guys the truth and they don't get to see this video before I post it. So if you appreciate that like usual comment real down below. Let's open up the Marketing Studio and dive right into it. Now I'm not going to go super in-depth on how the studio works in general because I covered that last video where I reviewed version one of the studio and you can watch that on its own. It'll be much more in-depth and I'll have that linked at the end of this video and in a card up over here or over here, whichever corner it is. What we're focusing on today is this new feature hooks. With hooks Hixfeld has analyzed thousands of high-performing UGC ads on Instagram and TikTok and identified key opening styles that are proven to keep the video watch. Supposedly just by selecting one of these the tool can take our UGC content and optimize it with this type of opening to get better viewer retention. To test this out I'm going to take an ad that I created with version one of Marketing Studio and try to enhance it with a new hook. Then we're going to test combining it with just a product image avatar and the new settings feature to let the Marketing Studio do all of the work for us. And finally I'll plug in a new product that I created to see how the hooks feature can interact with complex prompts and conflicting instructions. First let's return to my chocolate covered coffee beans product. This is the design that I mocked up and here's my original UGC ad. Okay, these are Koe Chocolate Espresso beans. Look at this packaging. They're literally mixed white, milk, and dark chocolate. Very diverse. Oh yeah. These taste ridiculously good. Like dangerously good. >> Prompts for this is fairly thought out and the original video followed it really well. But to test the hooks feature I'm going to leave everything the same except I'm going to swap out the avatar and add a product dodge hook so the package should fly right at her at the beginning to make the video more engaging. Okay, these are Koe chocolate espresso beans. Look at this packaging. They're literally mixed white, milk, and dark chocolate. Very diverse. Oh, yeah. These taste ridiculously good, like dangerously good. >> Okay, it did it, but she kind of caught it instead. And I think just overall, the whole movement feels a little bit weird. Let's try it again, but this time with a camera bump hook, because this will actually conflict with the prompt that I added itself. So, I'm curious to see what the Marketing Studio does with that. Okay. These are Kooe chocolate espresso beans. Look at this packaging. They're literally mixed white, milk, dark >> Oof, that was a mess. The hook didn't work, so it really didn't override the prompt input at all. And it's interesting, you can see that my prompt is right up here on the top, and then this hook prompt is separate down below it. And the hook prompt specifically mentions revealing a dress or some sort of clothing. So, it looks like this hook is really more designed for something like a clothing try-on video, which we'll test out next. I want to see what the Marketing Studio can do when it's given complete control with no prompt from my end whatsoever. I get that this is extreme, but that's kind of the point. I had decent results with the UGC try-on and pro try-on video styles in my last test, so I want to replicate that, but with the hook feature and their new setting selector. The setting selector allows you to choose from a bunch of different locations where you want the scene to take place. That can be a crazy location, like next to a volcano, or something more realistic, like in a kitchen. And then I want to test out the camera bump hook again, and let's just go with the volcano for the location. Why not? Hopefully, without a conflicting prompt here, the hook should shine through better. Okay. Anyway, this kiwi bird jumpsuit, I literally cannot go anywhere without someone stopping me. Tailored fit, unhinged print. It's my personality now. [laughter] Bro, she just got straight up smacked. What the heck? That's hilarious. Now here's the problem. The hook specifically says that she gets hit in the forehead, but we can actually edit this if we don't want that, which we don't. So, I'll remove mention of the forehead, save this version as a new hook, and then I'll remove the location from the prompt as well just to see if that makes any difference, and we'll run it one more time. Oh. If you're going to get bumped into, you might as well look like this. The kiwi jumpsuit does all the work. Yeah, for some reason it just really can't figure this one out. Hmm, weird. To fix this, we're going to go all in with a brand new product, Higgs Hooks. I used ChatGPT to create this UGC style interview prompt and created a new avatar of a fisherman using Higgs Field. Then I selected the street interview hook, and we'll hit generate. Yo, dude, that thing is huge. What are you catching these with? Bro, this right here, Higgs Hooks. Why is it literally neon green? I swear the fish go crazy for these things. I switched last week and started catching monsters. No shot. Let me see that. Higgs Hooks, man. Look at this bass. The video turned out great. I mean, really the only glaring issue I see is that there's a whole bunch of hooks on the fish, and the logic of where they're at is just all off of what it would actually be if you were fishing, but that's at least partially my fault because the image of the hooks in the package was all that the AI had to go off of, and it has no way of knowing that the hooks should really just be individual when you're fishing with them. The only other thing that this has me questioning is how much of the interview style is influenced by my prompt, which emphasizes an interview style, and how much of it is up to the hook setting. I want to see how much control the hook actually has here. So, let's change this to be the random object mic hook, and then run it again. Yo, dude, that thing is huge. What are you catching these with? Bro, this right here, Higgs Hooks. >> Why is it literally neon green? >> I swear the fish go crazy for these these I switched last week and I started catching monsters. >> No shot. Let me see that. >> Hig's hooks, man. Look at this bass. Interesting. I mean, the video is actually pretty good. It I could pick it apart with some of the logic and physics, but that's not really the point of this video. The important thing for us today is that this completely ignored the hook instructions. There is no random object Mike here at all. Now, in my further experimentation, I found something important. When you have a long and detailed prompt like this, if you don't go into your video settings and give the engine enough time to execute your whole prompt, it's just going to give you something totally random, but related. For example, here's my result using the exact same prompt, but I restricted the generation to only give me a 8-second generation. Hig's hooks. That's literally why this fish is in my hands right now. Switched to these last week, already pulling monsters. >> [laughter] >> Instead of following my written prompt perfectly, this video gave us results based off of the hook prompt with this rubber ducky, which I honestly kind of like a lot. The whole video is nice. But again, yeah, it didn't follow my written prompt at all. So, it seems that Marketing Studio might default to following whatever prompt you've written in the main prompt box, and then if it's not able to execute that main prompt in the amount of time that you've given it, or it just has a much more vague prompt in general, then it's able to tie in the hooks to it. But the hooks seem like a secondary thing [music] on the importance level of how it actually follows your instructions. One final note, I kind of touched on this briefly earlier, but all of these [music] hooks from Higsfield are just presets. If you have your own hook that you want to reuse, you can actually create your own. But it's weird because right now, the only way that I've found to create a custom hook is to actually select one of the pre-made hooks, and then edit the text of that one, then click save as new. I don't know if Higsfield is planning to update the user interface soon to give us a dedicated hook creation workflow or not, but you can do it right now on this site. You just have to go through that little workaround. In the end, I think that hooks is a cool concept and like a welcome addition to this tool, but it's nothing that's going to like replace real prompting effort or a great creative idea when you're making ads that actually perform. If you want to learn more about Marketing Studio and see my original video on it where I break it down in depth, you should watch this one right up over here. That'll put context to all the things that you just watched.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JosephMartin [4 likes]: Try Higgsfield's Seedance 2.0 Hooks yourself: https://higgsfield.ai/s/higgsfield-marketing-studio-2-0-hooks-josephmartin-TFBirm
  2. @FeverDreamFeatures [2 likes]: You're The Man, Joseph, thanks again, my Good Bro.  Cheers  👍🏾👍🏾
  3. @speedrumpselvis [1 likes]: all that automation will just eat whole your credit and give you bunch of plastic bad looking videos, for now that is what I see. There are some youtubers that try to sell this automation as something will print you money but the truth is it will print the money for a platforms selling generation credits
  4. @mayaivan [1 likes]: This is such low effort slop. It’s clearly AI generated, and it’s going to enshittify the internet even further. Please just pay UGC creators, actual humans. I’m honestly frustrated about where this is heading.
  5. @EarnDirector [1 likes]: Thanks for genuine test!
  6. @haroldvictoriart [1 likes]: Muchas gracias!!
  7. @vinny_AI [1 likes]: Great video, very honest!
  8. @ivanserbin7622 [1 likes]: The killer hook is a young Lucy Liu walking along the ledge of a skyscraper at a deafening height and getting punched in the forehead. Now that's where the audience would be torn to shreds, I think. But it's a very strange setup. For now. :)))
  9. @timotejzitnik [1 likes]: Bro I wasted over 800 credits on that but it ignored every time my hook. Tried to remake it, do it together with normal hook. Tried everything and stil don't work. I don't know...
  10. @KearnuPhoenix [1 likes]: Real
  11. @DanielWhitakerFilms: I've been watching your channel and its been very helpful learning to transition to new ai tools. I spent 12 years making real films and just posted my first ai short film to youtube, just wanted to drop a thanks on this channel for the helpful content related to ai filmmaking. Keep it up!
  12. @jamel3049: Amazing video and super interesting, thank you for keeping me up to date. QQ, can we consistently use this feature without the advertising part? For example create a hook for an AI influencer. Right now my biggest bottle neck is creating consistent hooks.
  13. @marxxcomics: I seriously don't know how to believe ANY advertisement anymore.  

Unless it's a proven product, or there are enough reviews from creators who have been around a while and who I trust....just...it's crazy.  So many fake ads.  Fake products.  Fake influencers.

It's a scary time.  Be alert and use common sense out there, people!

Thanks for the honest review.  I always enjoy seeing mistakes and errors, because it never goes as well as you expect it's going to go.
  14. @Danny-mg1hu: can you review Topview Ai???    also if you do,  can you find out what that "SKILL"  feature does or how to download it!    so far nobody knows
  15. @DiHu-r6j: Where can I post these videos then? I think main stream platforms like YouTube, TikTok they all request to label these videos "AI-generated". Once people know they are ai generated, would they still believe the content？
  16. @jkny771: Do these really bring in the sales? No matter how real it looks, ppl can still tell it's an AI. I'm really curious.
  17. @SimpleSenseVideos: people are going to waste credits before breakeven.
  18. @DrPluke: So, they just added some text about the hook to the prompt and created a whole new interface just for that. They’d be better off fixing the bugs in Canvas instead of messing around with this nonsense. Although it’ll probably bring them a lot of money from regular users.
  19. @nemesisone8927: dude you dont need higgsfield what so ever, you can make your own app with codex or claude using seedance2 and claude in it and for half the price if not less to generate videos with seedance 2 that higgsfield charges for seedance 2 lmao oh and you dont need any programming skills ... codex or claude do it for you well i use codex i like it more. and you like to add more models fine add their API to your program image? no problem api... it all works GREAT..
  20. @pedrobarco: it is expensive

- YouTube Shorts: Hooks and Curiosity Loops That Explode Your Views: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube Shorts are the most underutilized tool when it comes to marketing. I honestly think vertical is the future, and so the better you get at it, the more exposure you're going to have. The worst mistake businesses and marketers make with YouTube Shorts is they view it as a promotional tool. Most of the clients that I work with, they have this issue until I point out that, "Hey, people can see right through what you're doing." Shorts need to be their own piece of content. If your Shorts are good enough, if they provide education, entertainment, people will stay to the end. And so 10 Shorts down, your next Short will pop up. Give free value. Just give free value all the time. And when you approach YouTube Shorts like that, you will succeed. My special guest is a YouTube Shorts expert who helps marketers and entrepreneurs get attention and grow their business with Shorts. His community is called The Reel Creators. He's the founder of HookBomb.com, a tool designed to help your Shorts go viral. And you can find him on YouTube at Creator Rant. John Scott, welcome to the show. How you doing today? Hey. I'm good. Thanks for having me. I'm excited. Cool. So, before we get into YouTube Shorts, tell me a little bit about your journey. How did you get into short-form video? Okay. So I started YouTube about five years ago. Before that, I was in a touring band. I was a band guy. I was a musician. But towards the end of that, I moved to Germany and I kind of started a new life in Germany. And after about six months, I got that creative itch. I wanted to do something, but I didn't know anybody, so music was out of the question. And I started 3D animation, surprisingly. And that's really what got me into YouTube because I wanted to show off my animations and stuff like that. And that's when I started looking into how to get more views, how to get more subscribers, that sort of content. And I started watching people like Tim Schmoyer from Video Creators and vidIQ. And I ended up becoming one of the biggest fans of vidIQ because I was just constantly watching them. And they had this live stream thing that you could submit your videos, and they would review it. But the thing was, it was always like 300 people in there, so the numbers weren't in your favor. And they had a community where you could be priority if you wanted to join the community. It was called Max. They don't have it anymore. So I joined, and I did that for a couple reasons. One, I wanted to get the review, but two, I wanted to get in front of them, maybe make an impression, something like that, and it worked. One of the workers at vidIQ saw my content, and he was starting a new channel, and he asked if I wanted to be the editor for it, and I'm like, "Okay, sweet." His name's Travis. And so I edited some videos for him, and they were really good, really funny. It was a channel called Travis Tries. And we did that for a few months until he said, "Man, vidIQ needs a thumbnail designer." I'm like, "Okay. I'll apply." Long story short, I did get that job, and I was making thumbnails for about three months until they asked, because they knew my editing skills, they asked if I wanted to make my own video about how I went full time on YouTube. And so I did, and people really loved it. They loved the editing of it. And so vidIQ was like, "Well, do you want to make one about editing?" I'm like, "Sure." So it took me about a month, and I made a crazy video about editing. People loved that. And then about a month later, I was a new face for vidIQ. And so I worked there for a couple years, and I had my own side project, which was John Scott. It was a channel with my name, and I did short content on there. I did a lot of experimenting. But eventually I figured out the formula for me, and those started getting millions of views, and I had to put more time into it because it started paying all my bills. When you get millions of views, Shorts can pay your bills. A lot of people will say Shorts isn't worth it for money, but it is if you're good enough. And so that's basically what I did. I quit vidIQ. I left. My last video was, "Hey, I'm leaving, but here's how much Shorts make." And so, yeah, that's basically what happened. I went to the John Scott stuff, and about three months later, I stopped. I was not fulfilled with it because the audience I was appealing to skewed younger. There was a lot of kind of brain rot type comments, and I'm like, "I'm 35. This is not for me." But in my personal community, I was helping a lot of people. I was teaching them how to tell stories and all that stuff. And when they said, "John, your advice made me go viral," that's when I got fulfilled. I'm like, "Oh, I have to chase that dragon." And so I started a channel called Creator Rant, and I'm teaching people how to succeed in the Shorts feed. Awesome. Love that story, and definitely shout out to Tim and the vidIQ crew over there. So, all right. So YouTube Shorts is really your area of domain expertise right now. And there's a lot of people listening right now that perhaps understand TikTok, they understand Instagram, maybe even Facebook, Shorts, Reels. So what is it about YouTube Shorts that you want to explain to all the marketers and creators that are listening right now? What's the benefit? What's the upside specifically to YouTube when it comes to Shorts? Okay. YouTube. Well, YouTube Shorts are honestly the most underutilized tool when it comes to marketing because of just one simple reason. People don't know what they're doing with it. That's the problem. Most business people, most marketers. It's not TikTok, it's not Instagram Reels. Every platform prioritizes their own metrics, their own specific metrics. For Instagram, it's things like sharing because they have the whole seamless DM feature, but YouTube doesn't have that. So YouTube prioritizes watch time. How long can you keep the viewer watching before they swipe away? And the longer you keep them, the better YouTube... feels about you and the more impressions it'll give your video. So, yeah, if you do that well, if you know how to work it, then your shorts, I think this is the most important, that they can build trust, they can build brand loyalty. You have this connection with a viewer. Of course, exposure goes without saying. I just spilled water everywhere. And yeah, for YouTube Shorts, honestly, I think the ROI is exceedingly high. You put in a little bit of work for a 30-second video. That's why I gravitated towards it, because I am a bit of a perfectionist, and I only put in so much work, and then I put it out, and if it fails, then I can just move on to the next thing, and you learn very, very fast. I recommend Pat Flynn's Lean Learning for figuring out how that method whole works. But yeah. I honestly think vertical is the future because of how, I hate to say it, but how addictive it is. And so the better you get at it, the more exposure you're going to have. And honestly, I think vertical is going to get longer. And so the more you learn now, the better you will be in the future. I love it. And folks, remember that YouTube is pure video platform, right? All the other platforms are not just video. You know what I mean? Instagram has images. Well, TikTok might be pure video now that I think of it. I'm not active on that platform. But when you compare it to Instagram, Instagram is not 100% pure play video platform. They were designed from the get-go to be for images, and YouTube was designed from the get-go to be for video. So there are people specifically that go to YouTube to find content exclusively, and the other thing goes without saying is that they are the number two search engine in the world, owned by the number one search engine in the world, Google. So people kind of forget about the fact that this could show up in search, google.com right? So there's a lot of huge advantages, specifically to YouTube and specifically to Shorts. So now that we're drilling into Shorts here now, before we get into some really important things to do to create Shorts that really perform well, is there any groundwork we need to cover? Is there any foundational things that we need to talk about before we get into that? Yeah. I mentioned that they got to know how to do it. They got to know how to work the Shorts feed, and when businesses are focused on the Shorts, they make big mistakes. Okay, so the worst mistake businesses and marketers make with YouTube Shorts is they view it as a promotional tool. It's like something they can use to sell to people, and that's not the right way to go about it. They do that instead of giving value. There is a way to advertise. There's a really good way, but if you do it right, it can go viral, and when you go viral, you have lots of conversions. So it eventually achieves the same goal. But when you start out with that goal in mind and only that goal, it's bad. It's real bad. So basically what happens is businesses will upload their Short, and then it'll get about 1,000 views. This is the seed audience, and then it'll flatline, and then they're like, "Is that it? That's YouTube Shorts?" And so they upload again, and then it flatlines again. And then they do it again, and it flatlines again, and they have no idea why. They have no idea what's going on. And most of the clients that I work with, they have this issue until I point out that, "Hey, people can see right through what you're doing. You're just trying to get them to go to your landing page, or you're just trying to get them to go to your long-form content," which is another big mistake that a lot of people don't realize they're making. They think that Shorts are a trailer, a teaser for bigger things that they can show these people. But the secret is that Shorts viewers don't want to leave the Shorts feed, and YouTube doesn't want them to leave the Shorts feed. And so if you play by YouTube's game, then things will start working out for you. Basically what I'm saying is Shorts need to be their own piece of content. You can't say, "Hey, if you want to learn more, check out my long-form video." All of that, people will not watch. And if you leave something hanging, if you didn't give them entertainment or you didn't give them something to learn, then there's no viewer satisfaction in this Short. And so I'll tell you two examples where this does work, podcasts like this one and live streams. If you use clips from those, they can get people to move over to convert very easily, because say you take a clip from this podcast, you'll clip something that I said that is a piece of value. It's its own video. Without the podcast, it can still survive on its own. It can still get a lot of views, and viewers get value from it. But when people say, "Here's what's going on, here's what my brand represents. Click here to learn more," it's not going to work. That's where you get that flatline. This is where a lot of businesses suffer. I have a good example of this. There is a video I saw yesterday in the Shorts feed. It was a hair product, okay? And it starts out with, it's like a top-down shot of the top of this guy's head, and then a hand comes in with, I think it's a spray can or something like that, or no, it's a can of powder. And so the hand turns over, it pours powder all over his head, it's on his face, and then she pours water on it, and then it's a huge mess. And the hand, I guess maybe it's his wife or whatever, she rubs the top of his head and shows her hand, and it's a gigantic mess. This alone is entertaining. It's chaotic. People are like, "Wow, this is funny." There's a little bit of dopamine in that. And then shortly after, they show another one, and it's nice and smooth. And then it says link in description. And that little part that made the sale was so short. People got it. They're like, "Oh, wow. That's very, very effective." But-They were also entertained. And so there was viewer satisfaction regardless of whether they advertised or not. So there's no ulterior motive if there are two motives, and one of the motives has to be value. And so, yeah, that's really a big mistake a lot of businesses make. They just think, "Oh, I'm trying to move them to my landing page or my long-form videos." But it's like, no, try to make value in the Shorts alone. And this might feel counterintuitive. You might think, well, if I do that then I'll never get sales, and the whole point is conversions. But it's not the case. Google had this research. It was something like seven hours of interaction across 11 touch points over four platforms or something like that. And they said that's how you convert, that's how you get a sale, over that seven hours. And that's just not the case. I just don't believe that that's how it works for YouTube Shorts because of the data that I have. Basically, if your Shorts are good enough, if they provide education, entertainment, people will stay to the end. You'll have a higher watch time, and your retention will tell YouTube, "Hey, this person's worth watching." And so 10 Shorts down as they're scrolling, your next Short will pop up. Or they'll leave eventually, and then next time they come on, YouTube will show one of your Shorts to them. After three Shorts, they choose to go to the long-form, or they choose to figure out what you're talking about, and when it's the viewer's choice, then you've made the sale without even trying. All you got to do is just give free... Alex Hormozi, "Give free value. Just give free value all the time." That's it. You build this reputation, you build this trust, and when you approach YouTube Shorts like that, you will succeed. Love it. Okay. Super cool. And a lot of marketers that are listening right now instinctively probably understand what you're talking about, especially if they create any kind of content at all. The simple philosophy here is that you have to do what the platforms want and what the watchers want, right? The platforms want you to want consumers, viewers, to stay to the end of the video. Well, if you start doing direct marketing, they're not going to stay to the end of the video, therefore, your views are not going to be seen. That's the platform desire. And when you layer in what do consumers want, well, they didn't come into the Shorts feed to be sold necessarily. They know when a commercial pops up, and my guess is commercials do pop up in between the Shorts, right? And it's pretty obvious it's a commercial. But when they're watching the non-commercial Shorts, they're intentionally looking to either learn something or to be entertained. Therefore, if you can leverage that concept and you can do it in the right way, it's free advertising effectively, right? And this is what we're going to talk about today. I would rather create content that is shown to my target audience for free over and over again than have to pay. So that's really what we're here to talk about today. So thank you for setting up all this foundation. And here's what I heard you say so far. Number one, don't view it as a promo tool. Focus on value. Number two, do not try to push people to long-form content unless you've got some value you can extract from long-form content and it can stand on its own. Yeah. And the key thing is every Short should stand alone, meaning it should be good enough that it does not require them to have to go to something else. Right. It's like a little movie, for lack of better words. And focus on entertaining and focus on learning. What do those do? So now, given all this foundation that you've set, how do we actually begin? Because there is some kind of magic, if you will, or secret wisdom that you have learned, having done a lot of this. So share with us kind of where we start. Okay. All right. Let me preface this by saying the two most powerful weapons in your marketing arsenal, especially for short-form content, are observation, which is what works and why, and then perspective. If you can see like the viewer, the consumer, the target audience, you're golden. That's it. Those are the two things. So we'll get to perspective here in a bit, but let's start with observation. This is my bread and butter. This is what I love to do. So this is without a doubt the easiest way to go viral with short-form content. I see it all the time. I see it every day. I help my clients. I help my creators, and I don't make the claim lightly because reputation means everything now, especially in the age of AI. If you are focused on building trust and loyalty, the know, like, and trust factor, then you're going to win from 2026 and on. So here's step one to going viral on the Shorts feed. All right. This is going to be really, really simple, and once you get really good at it, then you don't even have to follow this. You just start doing it automatically. You guys are marketers. You know how to look at the world from the perspective of the viewer. You see a billboard, you don't see what it says, you see what other people see. And so go and find a viral video. It can be in your niche or it can not be. I'll cover where to look here in a minute. But go find the viral video and just observe it. You're going to break it down into three categories. A, audio, V, visual, and T, text. Now, a lot of people will say, "All right, audio is whatever you hear." That's not the case. I disagree. It's whatever you hear that makes you curious. V is for visual. What you see that makes you want to stay to the end. And text, what you read that makes you want to stay to the end. Subtitles are not a text hook. Subtitles are just there to provide a little bit of back-and-forth engagement. So, let's say you find a... I got an example. Okay, these are the top three... businesses with the lowest failure rate. All right, so that is the audio hook. Once you hear that, you stay to the end because you want to know the third one. Listicles work really well. But, so when you hear that audio hook, you think, "All right, how can I apply this to my niche?" Maybe you're not even in the business niche. Maybe you're like me, maybe you're a shorts guru guy. And so, you've got to break that down, like these are the top three. He said businesses, so I would say niche-related item or category. And then he said, "With the lowest failure rate," I would say, "With the extreme important detail." So- Okay. Just so for the record, you found a viral video at this point, right? I'm just- Yeah ... I'm just summarizing what was done. You found a viral video that you found that had a lot of views and you're like, "Okay, there's something here. I want to model this." And what the person said at the very beginning is, "These are the top three businesses with the lowest failure rate." But now you're saying, "This is how I could reverse engineer this." And you said these are the top three, what did you say again? For you? So, the way that you reverse engineer it is you replace all the main words with just generalized terms. I see. I break it down that way so I can give it to all different types of niches, and then they can replace it. So mine would be, "These are the top three shorts niches with the highest payout." I- He said, "Lowest failure rate," I would say, "Highest payout." Got it. Okay. I'm following. Keep going. Okay. And then with that specific example, I remember he was holding up money. He was holding up 100 bucks or something like that, and he was standing in front of a Bugatti. I don't know. I'm terrible with cars. And so when I look at that as a viewer, not just me trying to be entertained, but what keeps the viewer? Does that visual keep them to the end? Well, yeah, because money and expensive car creates credibility. Like, okay, this guy has authority in the space, so I'm hooked. Right? And so in my case, I would probably just hold up my YouTube play buttons because that gives me credibility. People don't know who I am, so what can they visually see that they can just connect those dots without me saying it out loud? Hmm. And so that's how I broke down the visual hook. We'll go through some more examples here in a bit. But the problem with this particular example is there was no text hook. There were subtitles, but there was no text hook. Mm. I'm going to throw a different example at you. By the way, when you break these down, you don't have to have all three. You can just have one. Okay? So give me a profession, any profession. Let's say they are a marketer. A marketer. You want something more precise? I mean, I could- No ... We could get more precise. We could say somebody who sells consulting services to aspiring entrepreneurs, if you want to. Okay. Okay. We'll just say marketer because- Yeah. That's easier ... it'll just speed it up. Okay. So, let's just do one short with only a text hook. And this is pretty simple. You say, all right, "What marketers say to their clients versus what they want to say." That's all the text says, and so the first thing they say is something nice. But then the viewer has to stick around because their true feelings are about to come out. And so this text hook has created this curiosity, and people stay to the end because they want to know why. There's a lot of things people want to say to their clients, but they don't because they're human and they want to be nice. And so, this marketing profession, what they say to their clients versus what they want to say is just a solid example of a text hook working on its own. So yeah. I have some examples that are all three, but we- Yeah. Let me ask some clarifying questions here. Just- Sure ... to help everybody out. So we are focusing on hooks, and that is the piece that might be confusing people because we didn't state that at the beginning. So we're on the hook section of the video, and why don't you just back up a little bit and explain why the heck the hook matters so much? Because you've already told us there's an audio, visual, and text component to this thing. But back up a little bit and explain why the hook matters so much when it comes to shorts. Absolutely. That's the curse of knowledge coming out right there. Sometimes I'll get into it, assuming people already know what I'm talking about. Okay. So hooks are super important. Hooks are basically the secret sauce of what makes short-form content work. Hooks create curiosity. So, there are three different types of hooks. There's audio, visual, and text. And their whole purpose is to get you to stay maybe to the end, depending on how long the curiosity loop is, but we'll get into that here in a bit. But yeah, the hook just keeps you, it grabs you, and it says, "Hey, there's more coming." That's it. That's all the hook does. How long is the hook typically with a YouTube Short? It can be anywhere from one second to five, seven seconds, something like that. Okay. Got it. So here's what we know so far. The hook is the most important thing to get them to watch to the end of the video. And so far, you have mentioned that there are audio hooks, which in your examples have been spoken words. Okay? There are visual hooks, which you talked about this car and money, and we can talk about some other examples of visual hooks. And then the text hooks, we really haven't gotten into yet. So, maybe give us an example of one that how all three of these things can play together. And then also let's talk about any tips that people have to, once they find a really good video and they reverse engineer what the hooks are like, any tips on how they could apply it to their business? Sure. So, the one text hook was the profession thing. That one was, it's usually an easy go-to to just say, "Hey, here's something that will work for everybody." If I say, what profession says to their clients versus what they want to say, or you could say what I say to my parents versus what I want to say or I say- So this is on the screen while you're talking, and it's exactly the same as the spoken word? Yeah. But what you actually say in that one isn't the hook, though. You're just kind of fulfilling the requirement that you set with the text hook. So, the key to a text hook is it's text that sits on screen that sets the plot, basically. And it can stay up the whole time or it can disappear after a short time. But it's not what you're saying out loud, it's like the subtext to the situation you're seeing. Oh, I see. So in this particular situation, this might be a marketer interacting with a client, right? And you're just beginning to watch the interaction, but you're seeing these words on the screen that actually signal that what is happening here is not what it seems. Is that effectively what I'm hearing you say? Correct. So, remember the guy with the hair thing, the example I said? Right. Yeah There was a text hook on that example. It said, "How it's going versus." That's all it said. And so you see all this craziness. The visual hook is already strong enough. You know something else is coming, but you definitely know something else is coming because of that little versus on the text hook. So all it says is, "How it's going versus..." Or, I can't remember. How it went versus how it's going, something like that. Or how it started versus, that's what it was. How it started versus, and then you're like, "Okay, where's the how it's going?" And then how it's going. And say you're in a pet niche, how it started, it's just a cat, nice and cuddly, a cat being cute, and then versus, and then it has the how it's going part, which the text hook changes to how it's going. And it's the cat just going crazy with the zoomies, tearing things up. It sets an expectation that something is coming. Audio, visual, text, these are all different layers that are part of the hook that can technically hook together. Pardon the pun. So, do you find one is more important than the other? No. I recently made a video specifically on text hooks because I don't think they get utilized enough, and I dropped 15 of them. I said, "Here, you can use all these," and they're already working for people. But I don't think any of them is more important than the others because they all equally get hundreds of millions of views. From my data and the tool that I made, it's all the same. Some of them are just only text hooks. Some of them are a little bit of a combination. Maybe one is only a visual hook. It all works. When we were prepping, you said you had an example of Roblox. Maybe you can share a little bit of that story. Okay, so I have a tool that kind of does this stuff for you, and one of the biggest wins for this tool was somebody found a hook in the Roblox niche. The hook starts out, I'll just paint the picture here. It starts out with a character walking. It's a Roblox character. For those that don't know, Roblox is a game that kind of looks like Legos, but it's a video game. And so you got this Lego-looking character walking, and the audio hook is, "I just found this dark secret in this Roblox game," or, "I just found a dark secret in this Roblox game." So, what this person did, they ended up getting eight times as many views as that example, which went from one million to eight million. So, they got eight million views using that hook. The hook itself is, I just found a extreme secret in niche. So, I think their hook was, I just found this hidden secret in this... or I just found a hidden secret in this optical illusion. And that's all it was. And then they went on to explain what the secret was, just like the original Roblox example went on to explain what the secret was that they found. Ah, okay. I love it. Okay, anything else on hooks before we get to the curiosity loops thing that you kind of hinted at a little bit? No. We can just go ahead and move on. All right. Let's go. Yeah. Let's hook- ... curiosity loop, so why don't you kind of explain what that means. I know maybe we could deduce what it means, but let's talk about what it is and why it matters, and then let's dig in on it. Sure. So once you understand how to break down hooks, you can observe all the shorts and know how to break them down into audio, visual, and text. You can start looking for the angles, like the most important, I don't know, the most dynamic or funny angle that will make people the most curious about what will happen towards the end. And that's basically just storytelling. So, when you have a hook, you open up a curiosity loop. And a curiosity loop is just an open question. They think, "Okay, well, what's going to happen," right? Just like somebody has a text hook that says how it started versus, and then that's it. They're going to be like, "Okay, well, versus what? How's it going? What's going to happen next?" And so until that question gets answered, the curiosity loop is opened. Real quick- ... do you feel like this is a psychological thing that kind of... Because if you watch some really good TV shows where they kind of end on a tease of what's going to happen next, you kind of feel like you have to keep watching, right? Isn't it kind of the same concept? Absolutely. That is the longest curiosity loop you can create. It's awful. Like, okay, great, now I have an open curiosity loop until next week- Right ... when the new one airs. And so yeah. Essentially, that's just the same thing. Got it. Okay. So, how in the world do we create a curiosity loop? Well, hooks, basically. That's the way I do it. There are two ways you can do this, in my opinion. You can go and you can find examples and break them down and figure out, "Okay, what can I do this for my niche?" Which is basically what my tool does. Or you can look at what you already want to talk about. Maybe a situation happened and you think, "All right, how can I make people curious about this? What happened at the end of this story, and how can I preface it to lead people to that part?" So how do I make them curious about it? And that's where you find the angle. So let me just give you an example. Yeah, let's hear it. And I'm going to go on a little bit of a rant here because one of the worst things that people do in this situation is they don't know how to appeal to a layman. And I'm just saying that most people in the shorts feed aren't specialists, and you don't have to talk to them like one. You guys are all marketers. You know that you have to simplify your language to create good copy. So, just going back, before I understood this, I never got more than 1,000 views, ever. But then I learned how to break down storytelling, and this is what took off for me. This is how I got over 350 million views on the John Scott channel. So, to be clear, let me just give you the example. I have this real estate client, and they understand how to tell stories. They understand that a story is basically just a conflict and a resolution. That's it. You bring up the stakes. These are the conflicts. Here's my bad situation. Here's how I'm going to solve it. And so they start talking about the marketing and the numbers, and how them and their client overcame this and sold a house or whatever. And I'm just like, "This is too confusing for the shorts feed." Nobody cares about this. The layman is lost because they don't understand your marketing jargon, your real estate jargon. But what they can understand is something as simple as your yard sign. And they had this story about a yard sign that kept getting ripped up, and she overcame that. And the way that she overcame it is she bought a stronger tool to dig them deeper, so it was very difficult to rip them out. And that sounds like a boring story. My signs were getting ripped out, so I bought a tool, and now I can bury them deeper. The end. Right? It's a story, sure. It's a crappy story. So what I told them is, "Somebody keeps ripping my for sale signs out of the yards." All right, there's the conflict. It's a hook, almost. But then I bought a baseball bat. All right, now it's a hook. And it's like, okay, the viewer is like, "Whoa, what does that have to do with this?" And so the baseball bat, in essence, in the end, she can use the baseball bat to hit it down, and that's a funny punchline that's a good twist at the end. But you opening it up by saying, "Okay, here's my conflict. Here's this crazy thing that I did that adds on to this crazy story that is unexpected," I really just think it works. And so the layman understands yard sign, they understand baseball bat, they understand that the two don't really have anything to do together, and so they have to stick around to the end. And the way that I got this was from my most viral video. I'll explain the story, and then I'll explain the angle of the story. So the story is there's this salesman in China, I think. He was a food vendor, and nobody was buying his food. And so he takes an iPhone, and he glues it to the ground, and people, they start trying to pick it up. I saw that video, yeah. Yeah. It was a very popular video. I might have missed it on your channel, actually. Yeah, maybe. So people, they bend down to try to pick this up, and then they can't because it's glued to the ground, and so they're stuck in front of the vendor. And maybe there's some awkward situation where they're like, "Oh, I don't know. I just dropped something," and they leave. Or maybe they stick around, and because it's so awkward, they buy something. So the way that I frame that story is I saw the angle. The angle of it, the weirdest part about the whole story, the thing that creates the most curiosity is the cell phone. It has nothing to do with a food vendor not being able to sell anything. So I said, "This guy couldn't sell." I turned it into a hotdog stand for the story. But nobody was buying this guy's food, so he glued an iPhone to the ground. And that's it. Now, those two things have nothing to do with each other, but it creates a lot of curiosity. People have to stick around to the end to find out why. And so that was the angle. That was the one thing I knew that would create the most curiosity, and so I front-loaded that and it led them to the end. That's kind of how I frame these stories. I believe you created an animation out of this one, if I'm not mistaken, because that's how you got started doing these animations. Is that correct? Yes. Kind of a 3D animation. So in this particular case, did you model another video that you had heard somewhere, or did you actually just decide to take the story and create a new version of it through animation? I'm just curious what you did there. I saw the original story. There was a viral video. All it was was somebody's recording of a iPhone glued to the ground in front of a stand, and people kept trying to pick it up. And that was it. They would drop something to try to pick it up. But you added a story layer to it, which is something happening in front of the phone. Yeah. And also the twist where people now have to pay for their food and stuff like that, that was all me. So yeah, I just added, or them dropping the dollar, and then going to pick it up to pretend. This was all tension-building. It had nothing to do with the original story. And so, yeah. Interesting. Okay, so we're on curiosity loops right now, and we're getting into storytelling a little bit, but curiosity loops are the combination-At least the way we've been talking a bit about things that don't seem to naturally go together. So for example, the yard sign being ripped out and her buying a baseball bat. Immediately, your brain goes to, she's going to sit in her car with the baseball bat and attack the person who takes the sign out, right? Which creates that tension. At least that's where my brain went. And in the particular case of the glued down cell phone, like what goes into your brain is, why would anybody buy a cell phone and glue it down? It makes absolutely no sense at all, right? But there is a creative marketing twist to it, right? So whenever you see two things that seem to not go together, that can create curiosity. That's not the only way to create curiosity, I'm guessing. Do you have any other ways that curiosity is created, beyond just two things that don't seem to go together? Yeah. So that's definitely not the only way to tell a story. It's just one really great way to create curiosity is to combine two things. Subverting expectations, for sure. But let's say we have an example. I wish I knew this before I built my- Ah, ah, yeah ... gardening thing, right? And so that's a great way to start, but then you follow up a story. I wish I knew this before I did niche activity. And so why do you wish you knew that? Like we can connect the dots, something bad happened. Like there was a conflict or there was an obstacle, and this is going to warn me not to meet that obstacle. And so yeah, you build it up. You say, "Okay, so the other day I was doing this, and I was trying to achieve blah, blah, blah." But, now you have a but. And there is the problem, the stakes, the obstacle. And so, but this got in my way, so, or therefore, it's a but therefore storytelling technique that's the most popular way. Love it. Yeah. So, I tried this thing and then it kind of went along, but, and there's another one. So you have this like, I don't know, roller coaster of- Yeah. Yeah ... obstacles. Every but opens up a new conflict potentially, right? Yep. So this is intriguing. So we're talking about curiosity loops, and we've mostly been talking about how to open the curiosity loop. Give us some tips on how to close it. I always like to end on a punchline or a twist. I like to subvert expectations just a tiny bit, but that's more like you're telling stories for entertainment, right? Whereas if you're doing education, you might want to end on the epiphany, the great piece of value, the information that you can give. So that's the way I usually approach it. But when you end it, there's a mistake that a lot of marketers make is that they will try to push people, or they'll try to deliberately get people to comment, subscribe, like, or whatever. And I don't think that that's a good idea. I think that that ruins the story, honestly. I think if people do it on their own, then you end up with a lot more engagement. And so, that's just a trap that I wouldn't recommend falling into. Love it. On to the storytelling thing, which we're interconnecting all these things together, but we've started this interview talking about hooks. Then we got into curiosity loops, and we've started to talk about storytelling. Do we always have to tell a story in every one of our Shorts? Do they not work if there is no story? Tell me a little bit about storytelling. I think the word is almost intimidating. People get caught in a trap of they have to do it a certain way. Storytelling is basically just obstacle solution. So anything can be a story, right? Like the very original example, guy has mess all over his head. Here's the solution, it's my product, right? Here's an example. There's this 3D printer guy, and he has all these comments popping up trying to improve his 3D printed product. And then he starts showing version one, here's the problem, there's the conflict. Version two, problem. Version three, problem. And you're just hooked. You wonder what the next problem is. That's it. And so, does that fit in the normal storytelling, the problem, conflict, resolution, whatever, like falling action? No, it doesn't. It doesn't fit this word that a lot of people expect to fulfill. They have to do this. So I think storytelling is essentially, you need to simplify the idea of storytelling, and I think that'll help you out a lot more. And eventually the guy, his product, did it pass eventually? Was it a great version of a product or was it worse? I don't know. But there has to be some sort of solution at the end, right? There has to be some sort of resolution. If it was worse, you end on a joke. If it was solved and it was better, then people feel that satisfaction anyway. So yeah, that's one example that doesn't go with the man in hole type story, where here's how it starts, here's problem, here's how I solved it. It's like a lot more and it's back to back. And so there's not a whole lot of tension built up. It's just problem, resolution, problem, resolution. You mentioned at the beginning that there are two things, observation and perspective. And observation, if I'm not mistaken, is really observing what others have done that are successful and reverse engineering what exactly you could do. Is perspective something we've addressed? Do we need to talk about that at all? Yeah, so this whole thing, storytelling is perspective. for instance, when theWhen the real estate agent wanted to say all these things, you have to approach this story from a mindset of a very young person that isn't necessarily interested in your profession, right? You want to entertain them, and when you do that, you make a connection. I'll give you an example. Jefferson Fisher, he is this guy on Instagram, and he tells people how to handle conflict. He gives tips. All he does is he just sits in his car and he says, "Okay, if somebody treats you this way, here's how to address it." It's just very personable. It's just him with his phone, authentic, right? And he makes a ton of these, and Jefferson Fisher is actually one of the top attorneys now in Texas because of this stuff. But he never said anything about being an attorney. His target audience wasn't people that needed attorneys, but in turn, for all this know, like, and trust factor that he built from that, he became the biggest attorney. And so he focused on making content that related to anybody and everybody. And so when you approach it with observation, your perspective of any type of viewer, and you can make that connection, you end up like Jefferson Fisher. Love it. All right, John. We have just scratched the surface of that brain of yours. So if people want to check you out or connect with you on the socials, where do you want them to go? And if they're interested in possibly working with you or joining your community or whatever, where do you want to send them? Okay, so the reverse engineering of all these viral videos, it's hookbomb.com. Basically, I have a ton of videos on there. I'm aiming to get up to a thousand here in the next month or so. But yeah, hit hookbomb.com. All that work can be done for you. If you're looking for me, there's a channel called Creator Rant where I break down these hooks, and I do live streams every Monday and Friday where people submit their shorts, and I tell them why they suck or why they're good. And so yeah, if you're looking for other stuff I've done, all of my backlog of YouTube information, because I was not only a shorts expert, you can go to shorts.expert. I got it because the domain. Awesome. Thank you, John Scott, so much for coming on and sharing your wisdom with us today. Hey, thanks for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @COIFISHGAMING [3 likes]: Nice one John
  2. @StoriesByWill [2 likes]: The knowledge I’ve learnt from John and his community is crazy! The best part about the community is the fact that everyone has knowledge on all aspects of content creation and business so you can get advice on anything!
  3. @BigMayoNation [2 likes]: This gives me a whole new perspective on shorts.
  4. @SouthboundDownTown [2 likes]: Love John ❤❤❤
  5. @neilbaboolal9990 [2 likes]: Great insights
  6. @TrevorNoirCars [2 likes]: the perfect solution
  7. @SocialMediaExaminer [1 likes]: 🎬🤳 Discover specific strategic tips from two seasoned experts to help you grow your audience and drive business results with short-form video on YouTube and Instagram. https://youtu.be/YlwmegegJBs?si=4NsiVyEed3qEcG7D
  8. @Valley_q [1 likes]: W interview
  9. @JohnnyBeane: Thank you guys!
  10. @SilverFoxForestsDesigns: John sent me here im so glad he did
  11. @Superficial2: I always love hearing john, the fresh perspectives he gives are immensely valuable ❤ (rip play button lol)

- How To Use Outliers To Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Here's everything you need to know about outliers and how to use them to get more views on every video you upload. Take this channel for example who has recently started posting, but their second video has already gotten over half a million views. Or check out this video that has over 10 million views from a small channel. This doesn't just happen by mistake. These creators understand that secret method and by the end you will too. So, this video is broken into three main sections to help you understand the secret of outliers. Watch each of these to fasttrack the growth of your channel. So, the best place to start is going over what exactly is an outlier. Outliers is a basic math problem. And to help explain this concept, I'll be using this channel as an example. So, this channel has 122,000 subscribers and typically gets 1 to 3,000 views per video. But then they upload this video that gets almost 700,000 views and is a 97 times outlier, which essentially means that this video performed 97 times better than the previous videos on this channel. And this video didn't just go viral randomly. There's something special about it. This is what is considered an outlier. And all the best YouTube creators and strategists understand this and use it to their advantage. >> That's probably where outliers the best, right? inspiration >> and trying to find outliers >> in my opinion right now are outliers. >> Outliers and outliers are nice. >> They are outliers. >> Some people call these outliers. >> Outliers. >> Using outliers to come up with ideas does work. >> Outliers feels like it's been everywhere in the community. But where did this terminology actually begin? We would have to go back all the way before 2019 where Mr. Beast and a few other strategists were starting to see a pattern in viral videos. They noticed that virality wasn't just random. there was a pattern to it and they called this outliers. Now, let's dive into how to actually find outliers. Historically, the easiest way was to browse YouTube and hope you came across a video that stood out. But now, it's easier than ever with outlier tools like view stats. So, let's spend the next 30 seconds diving into this tool to show you how to research for any niche. First, let's start with cooking. And I want to make a video on how to make steak. And just like that, I have a ton of inspiration for my video. If there's a video that stands out, I can click on it to learn more about it. And you could do this for literally any niche on YouTube, like finance, gaming, and beauty. That being said, this makes finding viral inspiration so much easier. You now know what an outlier is and how to find them. Now, it's time to piece it all together and actually learn how to use your research to get more views on your videos. This is the most important section of the entire video, and it's broken into two main parts. First, we're going to start on how you can change how you look at videos across YouTube to get more inspiration. And then we're going to dive in on how to remix these videos and use formats to get more views every time you click upload. A great place to start is understanding how the top creators use outliers to go viral every single time. So, I got into a call with Chucky to ask more. Hey, I'm Chucky. I focus on a lot of different things, but I primarily focus on titles, thumbnails, and ideas. >> All right, let's just pause right there for a second. So Chucky has quite the background when it comes to YouTube. He's been a key person for not only the success of the Mr. Beast channel, but also channels like Mr. Beast Gaming and Beast Reacts. So I'm really curious to see how he uses outliers every single day. I mean, we use them in so many different types of ways. There's inspiration, there's formats, there's interest, there's topics, there's trends. You know, I like to look at outliers to break videos down to the first principles. What did they do differently that set this video apart to make it an outlier? And my goal is to understand whether it's maybe a format, whether it's a thumbnail, whether it's a specific interest. The cool thing about outliers is really to give you good inspiration to, you know, create your own original idea. I want to take the concepts that Chucky was talking about and show you how to be looking at videos to get inspiration. So, let's just start with this video. A lot of people could look at this thumbnail as a simple freeze frame from the video, but there's some key things here that draw your attention. for one being the gold watch and for another being the crazy background giving evidence that this person is successful and they know what they're talking about. Overall, this thumbnail is exactly what it needs to giving the audience trust. Now, let's move on to the title. This title targets a few things. For one, it has a low barrier of entry. $10,000 a month does not seem too unreachable opposed to $50,000 a month or even $100,000 a month, helping open the audience to a larger pool. It's also using the format, if I had to start again. This format has been proven time and time again to go viral, and you're creating a lot of interest with a topic like this. All this combined to create a video that got 15 times more views than the previous videos of this channel. Now, let's look at a video from a different niche with a 4.5 times outlier score and over 700,000 views. There's a reason why this video performs so well, so let's dive in and learn why. So, let's start with the thumbnail, which is actually using a format. It's using a split view comparison with a twist. Normally, you would see this with before, after, cheap, expensive. But this one's using no and yes. This is so clickable cuz you would assume that the notes on the left are better than the notes on the right because they have art and they look a lot more professional. So, now let's see how the title plays into this. How to take notes like the top 1% of students. So, this already creates a ton of intrigue, creating a desire to learn more. Like, how do I take notes like the top 1% students? I thought I'm supposed to take notes like this. That's what 1% students are supposed to take, but you're telling me that they're supposed to be taking them like this, and I already do something like that. I wonder how I can perform it better. These are the thoughts that are probably going through viewers minds as they view this entire video's package. And this is exactly what you need to do when creating your own video packages. So, how do you take all this and apply it to your own channel? So, I want to ask Chucky how smaller creators can look at and use outliers effectively. I mean, I talk with so many different creators that use outliers and they're not just a Mr. Beast. They're not just a gaming video. They're not just cooking, right? These channels go from so many different niches and cover so many different topics. And sometimes they take like a little thing, whether it's like there's interest in this certain trend right now, so let me also jump on this trend or this is an interesting format, so let me jump on this format. You know, a $1 video can be transcended across any different niche. That's why it's successful because it could reach the largest audience possible. And then there's some outliers that work specifically in gaming. There's some outliers that work specifically in beauty. And that's okay. Those are fine, but you know, really good outliers are the ones that can be, you know, across any niche. And that's why it's so cool is like you can get inspiration from a beauty channel that could be on the Mr. Beast channel or you can get inspiration from a tech YouTuber and that could work on your gaming channel. You're not here to copy the idea. You're not here to steal their idea. You're here to get inspired and see how you can transform the idea. Whether it's the topic that you get inspiration from, whether it's the way that they do the title format, whether it's the thumbnail that maybe gave you inspiration of how you can, you know, do it. There's so many ways of getting inspirations from outliers. So, what can you take from this? There are two main concepts to focus on. Remixing and formats. Think of remixing as taking something that worked well and taking the best parts of it and changing the rest to fit your niche. So, taking this video we just talked about, how would we remix this? So, instead of having the mindset that you cannot remix this because you're not in the financial niche, let's take a broader look at it and take the pieces that worked well. For this case, it's the title. Now, knowing that, I can easily remix this video in any niche. So, for example, in cooking, I could easy remix this title to be how I'd make $10,000 a month as a chef if I had to start again. But you can take the remixing so much further than this and cater it more towards your niche. So for gaming, instead of directly copying the title, I could do how I'd get grandmaster if I started from bronze. This is the same idea as the original title, but it's more catered to the gaming niche and will probably do better. And finally, let's see how this would work in the fitness niche now knowing that we could remix it further. How I lose 100 lb if I was 500 lb again. As you can see, I'm just taking the main part of why this title did so well and remixing it in any niche that I want. Another key part you can pull from outliers is identifying formats. Once you realize that most videos are remixes of remixes, it makes it really easy to start seeing this pattern. So, let's look at this on YouTube using the popular one-star format. This one video sparked a bunch of successful remixes in other niches. So, here's actually a fitness video that took inspiration from this format, but changed out restaurants with gyms, and it performed extremely well for this channel. Or let's look into the gaming niche at this video that took the general video format, but repackaged it slightly different and created a great video that went super viral. And the best part is that all these videos still feel unique and fresh, even though they're all using the same format. And to help streamline this process more, make sure you head over to viewsats.com and sign up for pro today to use outliers to make a viral

  Top Comments:
  1. @NotKnowingIsExpensive [10 likes]: Not Knowing Is Expensive 
Small YouTubers Gather Here 🎯
  2. @MdMunna-gp3dc [3 likes]: Top 0:09
  3. @OBPetsFolieQC [2 likes]: 🥰
  4. @Undepressing [2 likes]: oki
  5. @MdFerdos-i5p1c [1 likes]: 🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉🙆🙆🫶❤️‍🩹
  6. @LindaAsema [1 likes]: Yr😮
  7. @sajanjani12 [1 likes]: I watch old videos 🎉
  8. @TopHat_VR111: funny thing, i learned about outliers in a math lesson yesterday
  9. @surajslz: Happy birthday  मीसटर बीस  2 म्ई
  10. @ArielAudes-y9x: Yooo there foltyn
  11. @qyinxdl77: You are the best
  12. @orksokney7683: ❤❤
  13. @oumharoun661: 0:11
  14. @KRADSTUDIO_DIZERWARS: 👍👍👍👍
  15. @Famele6272: Whats ?
  16. @mTelecom1-e2t: AZƏRBAYCAN❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  17. @ElhamAmini-p8x: ❤❤❤❤
  18. @mehndiartisnaushabaqureshi829: Nice🎉🎉🎉🎉
  19. @mr.hitesh.69: I need 😫
  20. @ObaisAmir-by4of: Bro is mrbeast don't believe me CHEK

- Solid work tutorial: How to making hook very simple design: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] oh the past of times every little now and then um the best of little times and then do so it creeps i was wrong to say i wouldn't of our change the best of times little now and then you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mrindianbeasts786 [1 likes]: Nice design
  2. @Mrindianbeasts786 [1 likes]: Good
  3. @SkQuranTilawat [1 likes]: nice
  4. @jkrules4161: Stupid video, a tutorial is supposed to teach you something not be a sped up video of your under defined part file with annoying music

- The science of addictive apps | UX Design Basics | Hook Model Explained: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone how are you doing my name is Aditi and today I will tell you about a very interesting topic um let's start with emotions yes emotions you and I are full of emotions some people are great at expressing some people aren't that great at expressing but at the end of the day emotions are an integral part of our human existence so all these top mega companies around the world they target on satisfying a particular emotional need that you and I experience very often for example if you hear me say the word onomatopoeia let's say you're hearing it for the first time you're full of doubt and you're like what on the earth is this you have a smartphone in your hand what are you going to do next well if you're like most people yeah I want to Google it correct so where there is the feeling of doubt we think of Google where there is boredom we think of YouTube where there is loneliness there is Facebook and for some people it's Instagram there are so many search engines there are so many social media platforms then why only Google YouTube Facebook Instagram what makes them so powerful and influential and so successful despite being such young Brands what's that secret that's exactly what we're going to talk about in today's video I'll tell you about the four stage hook model process it is a very beneficial tool for people who are getting started with the field of UI ux design app design are people who are planning to set up their own businesses either way you will find these Basics very helpful so please make sure to watch this video till the end all right so getting back to our topic like I told you just now all these successful Brands want to satisfy a particular emotional need that you and I experience almost every other day and the reason for this is because emotions are Beyond any Borders or cultures when you heard me say the word onomatopoeia you were full of doubt you had curiosity so our mind wants to quickly solve this problem we have two options ahead of us we can either look for a dictionary browse through the word and find our answer or we can just stab a few buttons on the mobile phone which is just in my pocket your mind will choose the fastest way possible something that requires the least amount of effort which in this case is your smartphone your own emotion of doubt and curiosity and unsurety is driving you to use the Google service your emotions are almost acting as a trigger to use the service and this is the first stage of trigger something is causing you to use the service once you've made up your mind you grab your phone and you take the action of tapping on the Google icon or you can say hey Google and ask your question you're either using your fingers or your voice to activate the product and this is the second stage of action the lesser the action the more likable the service is no matter how hard working you are we humans are designed to prefer shortcuts shortcuts gives us a lot of joy and pleasure so the lesser the action the more likable the service is once you've typed your question and you've hit the search button your mind is anticipating results and within a fraction of seconds your expectations are met perfectly met now you have a plethora of websites to choose from you click on any one of those websites and there you see the meaning of the word you are looking for you learn the word you learn the pronunciation and now you are no longer feeling doubtful you feel smart and intelligent and this is the third stage of reward the user's expectations are met now this website that you're browsing has some amazing content so much information this website is so nice that you actually want to save it but you can only save a website if you have created an account on Google which means you will have to add your details on the Google servers which in other words is that you need to invest your time your energy and your data on the Google servers and this is the fourth stage of user investment our user is investing their trust their data information on our servers once the user has experienced all these four stages of Trigger action reward and investment smooth without any technical issues you know what's going to happen they are going to keep coming back to it again and again and again today's onomatopoeia tomorrow it could be the capital of Greece maybe you're not sure of your answer so what do you do your feelings of curiosity will act as a trigger to use the Google service once again you take the action of tapping on the Google icon typing in your question and once you hit the search button your mind is anticipating rewards you have multiple options ahead of you you feel rewarded your expectations are met now you will tap on any one of those websites and you will get your answer and now again you're feeling good about yourself you feel smart you're feeling rewarded this website is really nice you want to save it for your future browsing and now you can bookmark the website we keep repeating this cycle so many times multiple times to the extent that Google is no longer just a service it is now a part of your lifestyle fascinating isn't it since we are on the YouTube app let's quickly take the example of YouTube how we experience these four stages every single day tons of project work to be done but you're simply not in the mode you don't want to do it so our feelings of feeling bored or lazy is acting as a trigger to choose YouTube then you take the action of tapping on the YouTube app and searching for a motivational video your expectations of finding multiple videos is met you feel rewarded of your decision of choosing YouTube you tap on any one of those videos it's a genuinely good video it makes you feel lighter more motivated you're no longer experiencing those negative emotions you have to deal with five minutes ago you like this video so much that you want to subscribe to the channel and that's only possible if you've created a YouTube account tomorrow when that same channel uploads a brand new video you get a notification on your phone your mind is full of curiosity your curiosity is acting as a trigger to tap on the notification that you just received you watch this video it's an awesome video you feel rewarded for your decision of tapping on the notification you liked this video so much that you want to smash the like button you are investing your likes and your dislikes so the next time you open the app you get all videos in and around similar topics this is the impact of a well thought design process well this was just a tip of the iceberg that I explained you in this video if you're someone who loves to get into the depth of Concepts and you want to read about the hook model in detail then you can check out this book called hooked it's by Neer Isle and I'll add the link to this in my description box I hope this was helpful to you in some way if the answer is yes please don't forget to like share and subscribe to my channel really motivates me to come up with more and more content for you in the meanwhile any questions suggestions or feedback from me you can write all of that in the comments section and I will try my absolute best to get back as soon as as possible till then like I keep saying have a fabulous day ahead take care of yourself stay smiling stay safe and I'll see you very soon bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @vatsalaykhobragade [4 likes]: Hello mam ! I am a ux designer and I've been struggling to find a company which understands ux design and value it. Last year I completed my internship at a small company and right now I have joined a company which doesn't know anything about UX. They are highly development focused. My previous company was much more design led. I am getting frustrated bc of this but in the future hope I'll get to work with a company which understands and care about ux specially and for their users. Thanks and you are awesome 😊
  2. @srimahalakshmi9025 [2 likes]: your videos are not looking fancy, but it's full of content. your way of explaining makes us focus on your videos. the style of your English is always outstanding. pls teach us this art.
  3. @jatingupta9419 [1 likes]: I pronounced your channel named as,
Alsi aditti 😅
  4. @ajayayyappan2522 [1 likes]: Happy Independence day ✨🇮🇳🙏
  5. @islamicvedio4673: You are great 
Your content is very amazing 
Different from other platform 
Deep concept 
I really love it
  6. @yashsingh3819: Hi Mam. I came across Rupay on the go designathon challenge. I want to particpate in that. Can you pls make a video on that mam?
  7. @MandipKumar: Hey Aditi Ma'am 👋 I have full watched your video.. really osm content.. please make more videos with smile :) You Deserve 1 Million.... Thanks for Educate us 😀
  8. @harshitprasad838: Love you aditi
  9. @shivangisingh5330: Hello di, I want to do M.Des but I'm not from this background, I'm currently doing B.A, so plz can you help me what to do & also along with this if u can tell any good high placements college /university in abroad with the fee structure that will be really helpful.🙏🏻
Thank you
  10. @priyaljain9660: Hey aditi, your videos have always been a great help for me, thankyou soo soo much for providing such valuable information. Currently I applied for communication design, I will be very grateful  if u can upload a video to guide how can I study communication design  course online. Will be waiting for your response ❤❤
  11. @prerikap8844: Hi Aditi , your videos are really awesome and  informative ,love them so much
  12. @crazymind909: I was knowing that you're going to be famous one day :') ❤ so happy for you Im following you when u have 80 followers :)
  13. @MrAlejandro2783: Thank you Aditi!!! 💐
  14. @heheychey: U are looking different in this video why? 😢
  15. @linakaushik3407: Excellent
  16. @gayatri3900: amazing !!
post more n more content like this ❤️
  17. @khushboobhandari3725: Dii you are the best
  18. @Prisha56960: Hiii Aditi ✨..
I love the way u speak ❤️✨ kindly share some tips to improve english speaking or communication skills ❤️✨
  19. @im_dmitriy: I've invested my like..
  20. @itsdeepthi3026: Which stream to choose (in 10th) for taking up ui/ux in the near future !!

- How to Make Your YouTube Shorts Go Viral: Expert Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our Channel today we're sharing powerful tips on how to create viral YouTube shorts let's Dive Right In section one understand YouTube short YouTube shorts are short engaging videos up to 60 seconds long they're a fantastic way to Showcase your creativity and connect with a wider audience but how can you make your shorts stand out here are our top tips section two focus on trending topics first tap into trending topics explore what's hot right now whether it's a challenge meme or popular trend jumping on these Trends early can significantly boost your visibility section three start with a hook next start with a strong hook capture your viewers attention within the first few seconds with a captivating question or statement the quicker you engage the more likely viewers will stick around section four keep it simple and clear keep your content simple and to the point shorts are all about quick consumption so convey your message clearly and concisely avoid complicated narratives less is more section five use compelling visuals visual appeal is key use bright colors interesting angles and dynamic movements to catch attention a visually appealing short is more sharable and memorable section six add text and elements incorporate text overlays and captions to enhance engagement this helps convey your message especially for viewers watching without sound make sure your text is easy to read and complements the visuals section seven leverage hashtags don't forget to use hashtags adding number signs shorts to your title and description helps YouTube categorize your content it also allows your videos to appear in specific searches increasing discoverability Section 8 post consistently consistency is gold develop a routine posting schedule in order to keep your audience hooked the more frequently you post the more opportunities you have to reach a new audience section nine engage and respond lastly engage with your audience engage with comments and ask for feedback a community cultivated around your shorts will attract further engagement in sharing and that's it some essential tips to make your YouTube shorts go viral if you found this video helpful please remember to like share and subscribe to get more tips on how to grow your channel happy filming

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamzaMehar-c6v [1 likes]: Was skeptical at first, but ipweb feels legit. Interface is easy and withdrawals came through quick for me.❤😊😊
  2. @Hacrrr_901: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!❤😢😅😊😊😢😅😢😅😮
  3. @DanishHalid-c6e: Great 👍 I liked the video
  4. @MuhammadSuleman-b8d7p: Ipweb is a great platform for social media marketing ❤
  5. @kingstar-j1h: Excellent travail, encourageant de poursuivre le développement de cette idée ; il ne reste plus qu'à la mettre en œuvre et à faire preuve de patience. Le contenu est pertinent.❤
  6. @HAMOHema-ic8qd: Very good❤
  7. @yannigi: Please don’t believe this guys. She’s obviously a lying scammer. I’m not saying this out of jealously or whatever else you’re going to reply to this comment with.

This girl is an obvious scammer. She profits off of the fame she gets by bullshitting everyone. I have read many reviews about her company and many brands say her strategy is just chatGPT scripts. The brands never seen any real growth, and when they do it is because Ava’s company botted their Instagram accounts. This means they use fake bot accounts to make the accounts seem like they are getting followers, views, etc. 

I mean think hard about this. Do you really think a 20 year old knows anything about anything? Her whole brand is based off the fact that she’s such a hard worker and gets up at 12:00 AM to get to work. This doesn’t even make sense. She made 10s of thousands flipping couches on Facebook marketplace? Does that make any sense to you? USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. Everything she says is a lie. I think the only truth is that she got married very young.

SCAMMER!
  8. @هاجرسالم-ح2س: Interesting video
  9. @IsrakAhmed-b1z: The advice here feels practical and easy to apply. Great podcast! This is the kind of content creators actually need. Respect to both of you.
  10. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  11. @ososman33: Oh ipweb good morning my friend is going to see you too good night love you too good
  12. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn real money by completing simple task
  13. @UzmaMuhammad1978: This video proves that one powerful reel can completely change your journey! The viral hook strategy is really impressive and full of value for creators. 🚀
I’m also learning new online earning and content ideas through IPWEB, and videos like this give great motivation to grow faster.
Amazing tips for anyone who wants to go viral and build income from social media! 👏
  14. @familyentertaintment: This breakdown on hooks and audience retention was genuinely useful. The way you explained viral reel structure makes it easier for beginners to understand what actually works in 2026. IPweb 👍
  15. @uzmaghazal8515: Great article ❤️❤️
  16. @nikkman1: 1:15:40 caleb way 1:18:50 FB automation
  17. @PaulaHardin-z5q: The breakdown on these viral hooks is actually super helpful for anyone trying to scale their reach. It reminds me of the growth strategies I’ve been exploring on IPweb lately—consistency and engagement are definitely the biggest keys to success."
  18. @KrispyKaye: She’s such a liar. $300-$500 an hour finding couches on marketplace? Full of shit
  19. @Infinite_Wisdom369: weird i just check her Ig and Tiktok, and barely got 1m view, where is her 50m view ? her tiktok does not perform very well also very low view actually ??
  20. @simonbeti7335: This honestly feels like one of the most valuable hours I’ve spent online — learned more from this than from entire courses 😮‍💨📚 Huge respect for putting this together, thank you so much for sharing this gem!
Ipweb

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  3. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  4. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  5. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  6. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  7. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  8. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  9. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  10. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  11. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  12. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  13. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  14. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  15. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  16. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  17. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  18. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  19. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much
  20. @Cheeser5-w8x: Make this comment go viral

- Creating Engaging and Viral Social Media Content   Expert Tips: Kind: captions Language: en so what types of content have you seen to be the most effective I would say like first with musicians and we're talking with the goal of we're not talking the goal of sales we're not talking the goal of downloads or anything like that just in the sense of growth on social what content do you think is the most effective o that's a great question I think the most effective content I really think it's stuff that it can be anything let's be clear content that can grow immensely can generally be anything as long as it's working in the framework of pacing pattern interrupts a really really exceptionally written hook at the beginning that is physically on the video uh and sometimes that's static imagery as well but it doesn't have to be a trend it doesn't have to be a meme it doesn't have to be the most groundbreaking information it's just about how it's edited and then keeping people enough on their toes throughout the video to watch as far as possible into the video for you to rack up those watchtime views because we want people to engage we want people to watch and if we can get people to be in the comment section that just means you have to say something or show something in the video that will force them to have no other their choice but to comment that can be rage baiting in a video that can be misspelling something on purpose it can be asking a question that isn't just like what do you guys think like that is a wasteful question nobody cares but if it's something that is going to force people to have an opinion that can be polarizing in the comments and people will discuss or argue or agree that is the kind of conversation we want to see so it's I think it's more about what we're doing to get people to do other things

- the 2 biggest mistakes people make with Circle Hooks + wiggy waggy preview: Kind: captions Language: en now I do want to go ahead and just preview the Wiggy Waggy at this time and why we say that it's potentially unsp itable watch this okay so here we have a regular circle hook here we have the Wiggy Waggy hook watch this so why did we choose the circle hook for our ultimate D bait hook the reason we chose the circle hook is because statis ically speaking circle hooks have a greater hookup rate than any other hook now there's two real problems that people have when they're using circle hooks and I want to cover those today to help you better understand how circle hooks work one of the reasons that we chose the circle hook is it minimizes the possibility of gut hooking or deep hooking a fish and the way that that works is that and I'm going to see hopefully you can see that I'm digging that into my hand pretty well and it's not hooking so imagine if this was the inside of a catfish maybe in the stomach they swallowed the whole hook or maybe it's in their throat until the eye is able to rotate beyond the point of the hook that hook isn't going to penetrate so there you can see it's about to penetrate and if I were to yank that pretty hard it would obviously set in my hand and that would be a bad thing so when you put bait or when bait is allowed to either sometimes you put it down here um if you're using say cut bait it may rotate around and block that Gap or in the case of dobate a lot of guys the only way to keep it on a hook that isn't a dobate hook is you have to pretty much bury the whole hook and with that whole hook being buried you're never going to get the appropriate rotation that you need to set the hook so that's not only a problem with do bit it's a it's a problem with any bait if bait is allowed to get between the point and the shank that hook isn't going to hook up well if at all so the second problem that a lot of people have with circle hooks is they try to set the hook so we like circle hooks because hooks where you have to set the hook like a J hook a treble hook something like that if you don't time it just right you're going to pull the hook out of the fish's mouth or you may not get a very good hookup because it didn't set in the mouth where you expected it to cuz you kind of yanked it and maybe you got a real thin hook up and the fish is able to come off while you're fighting the fish onto the shore into the boat so with circle hooks you don't set the hook and I'm going to show you why so again let's imagine that this is the inside of the fish and this is going to be the fish's mouth okay so the fish comes up takes your bait and now the hook is inside the fish and the fish is starting to swim away so as that fish swims away you'll notice that the hook rotates catches the corner of the mouth and now that hook is about to be set if I in fact if I go ahead and let that weight fall there the hook is set the problem with trying to set a circle hook is look at what happens when you try to set the circle hook okay let's try it again so what's happening is the hook isn't allowed to exit especially look at this hopefully I can get this for you you'll notice that as the hook begins to exit the mouth what does the point do notice how it's rotating away rather than into the corner now if it's done slow enough you'll get a hookup but if you do it too quickly it actually jumps out of the fish's mouth so the two biggest problems that people have with circle hooks is one fixed by the ultimate dough bait when you apply the dough bait to our specially designed hook it holds the bait not only very securely but in the correct position and secondly as long as you don't try to set the hook you're going to get a good hookup now I do want to go ahead and just preview the Wiggy Waggy at this time and why we say that it's potentially unsp itable watch this okay so here we have a regular circle hook here we have the Wiggy Waggy hook watch this that's super cool

- 5 Common Lead Hook Mistakes: Get More Knockouts!: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on guys Shane here today we're going to be talking about five common mistakes with the lead hook for most people it's going to be the left hand if you're an orthodox fighter if you're Southall it's going to be the right hand all the same tips still apply so let's first talk about how to do it correctly when you teach a beginner coaches will tell you that you want to Pivot on the Lead Foot however that is just a cue to remember to turn the hip over it's not an arm punch when I throw the left hook it's like this okay but everything turns into it everything on my lead side in this case my left side so I pivot on my Lead Foot turn my knee over which turns my hip over now the rest of my body has to catch up rest of my upper half of my body and I assist with a little shoulder pop there is some shoulder pop in this punch but like I said I get a lot of comments on my video saying Shane you throw the left hook wrong because you don't pivot on the Lead Foot again it's just a cue to remind you to turn it over you can still throw it without pivoting right sometimes even I'll pivot on the rear foot or I'll step into it okay it's the same thing with the cross if I don't pivot on the rear foot that's fine a lot of the times I Ste into it and then the pivot happens midair okay so when you throw it your arm for the most part is going to be 90° bent we're going to talk about the first mistake and ways that you can do it correctly to extend your arm but just as a beginner 90° bent and everything rotates at the same time opposite hand is up okay so a full hook looks like this again okay first mistake it is generally a short- range punch but most people throw it like a looping hook and they throw it in correctly so rule of thumb when I'm throwing my left hook in tight then I go Palm in let me take my glove off and show you why so for safety reasons for me so I protect my hands but also so I do the most damage close range I'm going cm in so that I hit with the four Knuckles on the back okay or my opponent's head if I go a little bit longer and I keep my hand like that I'm going to hit with this part of my knuckle or my thumb don't want to hurt my hands and I want to do the most damage so what I'm going to do is I'm going to rotate my hand now I'm hitting with the index finger the middle finger if I'm going even longer if I do that I may hit with my thumb again or the inside of my hand I don't want that I want to hit with the knuckles so I'll go Palm out think feder amelan enko would do this a lot when he threw his his hooks it'd be Palm out and he would hit with all four Knuckles on his opponent's face okay so that's a number one is if you're throwing it from too far away make sure you know how to do it correctly otherwise keep it a short range punch the next one is dropping the opposite hand I see this in professional level a lot we see a lot of double Knockouts because both guys are in hooking range and they do this they both get hit okay so get in the habit of gluing the oppsite hand to your head you can still pull your shoulder back when you do it but don't drop the hand okay all the time so even in your third round fourth round fifth round you're tired boom still GL this to your head the next one is people tend to slap and it's sort of the basis of the punch you just need to add some structure to it so it's again if you're slapping you a good slap it makes that no noise that real loud smacking noise on the bag try not to get addicted to that a lot of people do that they hit with the wrong part of the glove and they reach all the way out here I'm exposed all right I'm probably going to get caught by the time I land the punch so keep it nice and tight nice uh good form the whole time so try to release at the last second I rotate rotate rotate then I let my arm go boom this way I'm not all the way out here and exposing my face that's number three you also want to make sure when you're throwing uh the lead hook is that you're not extending your your arm through a lot of people get in the haboc because they learn the jab they learn the cross and then they want to do this on the hook you never extend your arm you keep it bent like you said in the beginning okay so when I throw my punch it's not this because once I hit my opponent's chin that's great I need to get back to guard why am I wasting all my time why am I exposing my face so it should be right back it's rotation in the hip I hit the target I miss either way I'm coming right back here and then the final one one is over rotation people get addicted to power so they go like this they rotate all the way over here they turn away from the Target and then they want this big punch like that okay it is easier especially for beginners to throw a right hand because I got my hips loaded up and then to come back with a left hook but you don't have to go any more than that I'm not throwing the right hand and twisting all the way over here and then twisting into it you don't have to do that okay so try to get in the habit again it's going to feel awkward it's feel like there's no power in it at first but you should be able to throw it right from your normal stance and get enough power into it all right guys thanks for watching if you want to read the full article or drills that you can do to perfect the hook so you can knock people out with it links in the description below until next time I'm Shane and this is Sully what what do you want to say self-defense for The Underdogs see you guys [Music] later

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagarchawla4892: Amazing video , how distance explained
  2. @Brunnson: I don’t necessarily agree. It’s more about wingspan. Israel has short T-Rex arms. Me building my biceps and triceps has surely made me more aesthetic
  3. @anthonycenen9883: Does the dog also know boxing?
  4. @skylazart: Thank you for sharing... very helpful information indeed 👍🏽
  5. @JamesJos-g2b: What about body hooks ? Is it required to bend your Knies? A tutorial video will be helpful ❤ from Germany
  6. @jackins2000: I think that the camera man should be replaced because of not showing the real issue of the video: the ball! The ball is the enemy! We gotta focus on the ball fighter! 👆 😂
  7. @jackins2000: There were fight tips in this video? All I see is Husky master fighting a ball and a guy in a great shape. But still: Husky!
But of course: Regards to Shane.
  8. @gsp_admirador: Thank you
  9. @OdysseyHome-Gaming: Hooman. Ball rolled near foot. You could trip. Warning woofs sounded.
  10. @Sheahova: The dog was like yeah what if I bite your ankles dog
  11. @maximisatwat: 1:18 Out of interest, your guard hand flies away when you hook if you look, so you are unguarded briefly
An exp'd opponent will time to get you right at the moment when that happens

You solve it by just intending the hand to be there more and making slightly more than just purely "relaxed" for the guard.  I guess you dont have a coach, because they would correct this
  12. @phantompigeon9651: Dog is acting just like mine when I'm on the bag 😄
  13. @varinders016: I know it's been 8 years but does anyone has that article that he mentioned. Link in the description seems expired.
  14. @AlaHaouichi: I cant find the link to read the article !!
  15. @lll.br4nd0n: Love how to dog is mewing just incase it gets punched in the jaw.
  16. @ovidiu_stan: Too bad the website is no longer
  17. @frank.m8447: That dogs going to town
  18. @greghansen38: Doggy! Wait... was Shane saying something?
  19. @ericlewithonee: Thank you, I’ve been struggling with a sore thumb and you’re the only person to address this
  20. @adler_xyz: Hi the link does not work. But this is helpful to know

- FailArmy's Favorite Viral Clips | Instant Regret Fails Countdown: Kind: captions Language: en OH MY GOD. >> [laughter] >> THIS WAS IN THERE. Please identify because is this a snake? I want you. All right, it's time to unear my car. Let's see how bad the uh the wonderful snow plows of New York buried my car. I don't know if it's that bad. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How the hell? >> Well, this was lap number three or four, >> dude. This is This is second lap. This is third lap. >> Here he comes. >> Why are you still making it? >> This is so >> It's like Tom and Jerry. Oh, this cop sucks. Oh no. Get in there, bro. Get in get in your garage. Hurry up and get in your garage. [laughter] >> Here he comes again. OH. OH, [screaming] DAMN. >> OH, >> BRO, get out of there. All right. >> Yo, if anybody else in that other building catches this footage, send it over here. >> [groaning] >> I cleaned this out a week ago. Swept, mopped, bleached everything. And look, there is there's one right now. There's a mouse looking at me in my face. The audacity of this Let's go behind. [cheering] >> Jake, finish it off. >> Oh yeah. >> Whoa. >> Wait a minute. Oh my god. No. >> Who's that? >> [screaming] >> Slip and fall. OH, PIMP DOWN. PIMP IN THIS GRASS. Oh my god. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh no. I have no freaking words. Help. >> All right, ma'am. So, you're going to receive a citation for wireless communication device handheld while driving. You can't We got to put the phone down as we upgrade a motor vehicle. >> Okay. And you put on there that you saw me with my right hand holding it. Yeah, >> I did not put that. No, if you want to take it over. >> But that's what you said when you pulled me over. Yes. That you saw me holding my device with my right hand. >> Not disagreeing with you. Yes. That's what I said. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Oh my god. She's She's actually going to hit me in the >> Can you fit? >> Yes. Jacob, >> you got this. What are you doing? >> I just I want to see your phone. >> He's not getting out of there. Ridiculous. Oh my >> my >> [snorts] >> Are you okay? >> Give me a second to like, you know, think about life. And >> oh my god, I just came home and this is what my husband did for me. >> I'm just playing. I'm in Dollar Tree. Oh my god. >> Oh my god. Did it hurt? >> No. NO. [screaming] >> NO. >> OH, you're the best. PERFECT. >> DAMN. >> Get me. Yeah, I got >> How much do you want? So, I just did a Honey, you fall down the stairs like Oh, okay. Fall down the stairs. Bye. >> No, it's not a blah blah blah. Alexa, spell broccoli. >> B R O C C O L I I. >> Are there two I's in broccoli? Broccoli has just one letter I at the end. >> Okay, but you just spelled it with two I's. >> Let me spell it again clearly. B R O C C O L I. >> Alexa, spell broccoli. >> Why are you adding another I at the end of the word? >> Let me spell it one more time. Nice and slow. B R >> C O L I >> Alexa, you're gaslighting me. >> Go on. No. That's [laughter] funny. Wee. left hand. This is the final. Whoa. >> I was busy down. Sometimes when you get is definitely moving. >> Did you get that? >> Here goes daddy swinging on a swing. >> Let daddy to THE RESCUE. [screaming] OKAY. >> You think that belonging? >> The rear end out of it. >> Guys, guys. Guys, GO. >> CHEERS. Is she doing okay [laughter] or what? >> Are you all right? Hey, Well, I got a bad feeling. IS IT GOOD? OH. HEY, I FIGURED out where the oil's coming or going. God damn it. >> GOSH. Oh my god. [screaming] >> It's something Okay. So you get in here [laughter] silly. That's how >> babies. >> Yeah. Okay. Don't let you. >> Damn. Damn. Damn. >> Baby, back up. >> Oh, you. He can't. It ain't no way to escape. >> Ain't no [laughter] way to escape it. >> Just stop right here at >> Hold on. Cuz >> Hold on, babe. >> Hold on. No, >> he's he's trying to pull off. He's trying to pull off, y'all. >> He trying to pull off. He about to the whole McDonald's up. >> Uh, babe, do not get out this car. Do not get out this car. He is going to leave. That's a way to the board. I got this for you. Oh god. Oh my god. Are you okay? Go. What do you Stop. Son of a >> What the hell? The windshield's a little dirty. I think I'll get the [sighs] That's nice. Let's keep that clean. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dippy-Dawg6877 [22 likes]: #23  "Now I believe my Mom when she always told me I was a hard head."
  2. @joetrolo7076 [1 likes]: 11:22 Alexa definitely gas lights when it's wrong. I was searching for the TV show House. It kept doing nothing and leaving me on the homepage. I questioned it on it and I said I've asked you to show me results for house three times and you've done nothing and it said I certainly have. I've gone to the homepage each time. I asked if I had asked for the homepage or for house, there is a difference and it suddenly gave me the correct results. I thought it was so douchey about it
  3. @famos0328 [1 likes]: 06:30 she probably broke her phone to prove it point 😊
08:11 give me a second to like think about life
  4. @RedTailedHaack [1 likes]: 1:19 oooo… yeah uh any sign with those three letters in a row needs religious round the clock maintenance 😂
  5. @lucasmelee: guys on #73 needs to find some crows and feed them everyday, that will solve the other birb problems
  6. @videomailYT: 6:15 #91 ^^ imagine you're the judge and someone without a right Hand is in court and the case say she was holding the Phone with the right Hand 😅
  7. @clavd8932: 91 🤣
  8. @robhaver8704: To this day i do’nt understand why quads and snowmobiles do’nt have a suicide-cord just as water-scooters are mandatory to have… (…..)
  9. @BakunLT: That very first one was brutal
  10. @MrYfrank14: If you have a mouse in your pantry, get a cat. Even if you have to borrow one from a neighbor.  Once she picks up the scent, she will sit there all day waiting for it. If he has a family, she will find mom and the babies.
  11. @lorrax: 111: the audacity!!
  12. @NaroghnRhydjosyn-fd7ns: 1:19 cuming soon to a store near you.
  13. @davidbaker2626: Many Royal Enfields were lost that fateful day...
  14. @karakatanga8126: 0:55 Rest in Peace Monkey leg.
  15. @LOLDashShorts: 🤣🤣
  16. @paulashe61: What year is it? Bristol boys yeah!
  17. @TueDaGurizada: 15:40 Brasil 🇧🇷
  18. @stmartin17773: These are crap.
  19. @stmartin17773: I don't know who needs to hear this but tattoos make you insta ugly don't fall for the psyop. Leave your beautiful skin pristine. Work it out.
  20. @roadrunner2886: laaangweilig

- Best Fails of the Week | Viral Instant Regrets: Kind: captions Language: en You got it. Yep. >> 30th birthday. Ed, >> there you go. HE'S LINING THIS UP. HE CAN crank those turns. [cheering] [screaming] >> OH MY GOSH. OH MY GOSH. WHIT, TELL US YOU'RE OKAY. >> My work installed these cool new doors stops. Check out how well they work. >> Yeah, it is. You'll be fine. Oh my god. YES. OW. Electrocuted me. Oh, >> you shouldn't just told YOU OH, >> smacking me in the ass. >> Nothing. Bye, Teddy. Bye. >> I got to get close. When your dad's creation, >> are you okay? Y'all see that light pole down? I just want to know if she she f to do what I think she going to do. So, let me see. Damn. The flat iron broke. rim. There's no tire. I don't know where the went. I didn't see it fly. I my life. >> Oh my god. Come on. [laughter] >> Go on then. Show us Kieran. >> Go on then. Go. >> Oh my god. Oh my god. That's in the sea. That's lost. Oh no, >> that's not impressive. I'm about to see. God damn it. Ah. What's going on? just hit me in the head. >> No, seriously. What is that? >> It's your tag on your shirt, you idiot. What the ow. Man, that's our job. Yeah. Come on. >> That's wild. Awkward, man. >> Oh my gosh, that was a fail video. Try to get your foot in. >> Oh my god. Hey. Hey. Okay. You're going to swing back and you're stick your foot out. >> What are you doing? >> We're going to get you. >> I'm falling in. Don't fall in. >> No, you're not. No, you're not. Stay up. Stay up. Stay up. Stay up. Stay up. Hey, S's coming. S's coming. >> I'm falling in. >> No, you're not. No, you're not. Stay on. Stay on. >> Hey, stay. This is full. I have >> Dad. Daddy. meal. Hey No. I don't guess. >> Thank you. >> Have a great day. >> Hi. >> How was your day? How you smile? Oh. Uhuh. >> [laughter] >> Why did you do that? [laughter] >> Okay, clean off. >> You need to get a wig for her now. >> You know, honey, >> we need to get a wig for her. >> No, she's the most beautiful. >> I got an outfit. >> It goes up to 300 lb. >> Sit your ass down. Ain't nobody 300 lb sitting down. Oh yeah. >> Oh no see. >> Holy >> Yeah. >> Guys, >> that looks like >> All right, get ready. This one's going to be real fast. There you go. >> I can't believe how few fenders these guys got out. Uhoh. >> Okay. Okay. [laughter] We could do this. >> It's okay. >> It smells burnt. >> No, it doesn't. >> It's okay. I'll just wash my hair again tonight if I have hair. >> No, [laughter] you too. You too. >> A little bit. >> Can you release the bar? >> I'm I'm I'm undoing it. >> Stop. [laughter] You got to Mama. [clears throat] >> What's wrong? Oh, you fail. It pushes you out. See? See? See that? >> Did you see that? What? >> The cute. >> What do you mean >> the cute? >> She's cute and she's >> That's the lid. What do you mean? >> Well, like la the last time we had puppies, there was a there was a little one in the in the litter and you said it was a So, I'm calling the the baby getting >> the of the litter. [laughter] >> I think he means the run. >> The run. [laughter] Are you mad? Elbow. >> you okay? Yeah. >> Whoa. >> Nice. >> You okay? Here >> what a good look. >> earring. >> Don't you don't stop. >> Hey, get away from me. Got to have a drink. Are you okay? >> Are you all right, Precious? >> Yes. Do you want to try? >> Oh, damn. I should have got that on camera. >> Did your Did your camera get >> Capable? Do you want to hear a joke? What do cats call a nice dinner? Hey, what do cats call a nice dinner? A fancy feast. [laughter] That was bad. >> Mom. Now we have sweatshirt, pan, lid, and now we're going to do it. The only problem is the condensation is building up. Um, but I have to say besides that, I would give this a nine out of 10 honestly because look it, I'm cutting them. No tears. And when I tell you my eyes tear like it's bad. Um I know I can get special goggles for the onions but didn't anticipate peeling six onions today. Um so maybe that'll be something I asked for for Christmas. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shellshock361 [1 likes]: It's crazy to just be in your backyard and then a sword blade just flies over the fence.
  2. @Kellyuno55: Where was any logic in that TV move!?!?
  3. @5heffPaul: 1:47 That's not funny. That's reckless and stupid. The blade could have killed someone!!
  4. @raymondo162: 4:23:  keiron needs to read the instructions.  Damn FOOL
  5. @AuroraMeansDawn27: The one with the truck, was the guy pushing the woman out and he fell out too?
  6. @Kamifox1: 5:16 She's gonna have a REALLY bad time if she falls off her bike...
  7. @I_Am_Marduk: 8:36 😂😂 "uh, dont look at me thas your fault mommy "
  8. @nessy1615: 16:58  did yall get paid to put this in here?? not even a fail and completely unfunny.
  9. @derboss.: Ihr Amerikaner seid wirklich d*mmer als man es sich vorstellen kann. xD
  10. @KantoSam77: Spread salt on your icy stairs and walkways 😁🙏☮️
  11. @grege5074: 15:50 
0% Aura
100% landing accuracy
  12. @Cerberus0076: Half of the clips im thinking "Daaammm"
The other half is "Holy cow"😅
  13. @misswolfmoon7852: 7:02 😂😂😂😂
  14. @JoJeromeMP: 3:10 ... The person filming is all of us. "I just want to see if this woman is gonna do what I think she's gonna do..." 😂😂😂
  15. @kashem425: 1:07 wow, what an absolute jerk off.
  16. @jamesbreazeale6341: The kid at 12:30 just watches the person fall hit their head and just stands there and says nothing. Duh.... What a great and kind generation that thinks wearing pajama bottoms in the winter is a good thing. Life is over as we know it
  17. @wmp0111: Girl in the pink gotta donk!
  18. @markusmaag9881: 1:08 What an asshole that guy is! I hate such primitive people who get so much pleasure from breaking other people's things!
  19. @markusmaag9881: 0:09 What an idiot!
  20. @brandonsanders8665: 00:05 Once again, why was there a perfectly positioned camera recording two men unloading a TV?

- He Went Viral But Then FAILED. I Told Him Why.: Kind: captions Language: en we all want to continue our success when we go viral but most of us rarely Succeed In following that up let's say you've been trying to go viral for years and then one day finally it worked you make a series that gets millions of views and a brand new massive audience that will surely click on every new upload but they didn't in fact the views got worse you could not live with your own failure where does that bring you these are the danji Bros and this story happened to them their editing and storytelling failed their chance of following virality and so here I am to roast their editing you guys are doing something that I really really love which is serial formats but that also demands that you need to make sure that they come in for each episode and after I watched the first episode I can tell you they did not watch the rest and I'm going to show you where you guys screwed up I'm excited for this let's get into it oh hi there you're probably wondering why I built this well that's because for the next 100 hours that's a really really good weight what moment for me but I think it could already be a little bit better it was going to be a wide shot and then this is me and then this is me in the cell shelter but then he pops out but we're like we need to deliver the click ASAP you guys delivered it too soon I think you can do that just by the editing let's just let us throw in some music that has this peaceful feel towards it let's have some birds chirping we have a brief moment of Peace we don't really know what we're meant to be looking at and then you pop out of nowhere oh for me that just completely throws me off bit in a really really engaging way so that creates the weight what beat and I think that's a really really engaging way to start a video as soon as I saw that I'm like yeah we could have done that that would have worked on top of this next you're now doing the laying pipe part of it it's like hey here's why you should watch this video it's for the next 100 hours I'm gonna be attempting to hide from my brother using only stealth shelter your intent was this okay I guess let's tease some action I think you threw some clips in I don't really think you considered what story is told just by no succession of Clips so while it was the next shot of teasing an action be this this doesn't really tell me that much if you're trying to promise the action and that is your most powerful shot of action this actually tells me that you're going to under deliver straight away but you did choose some pretty decent shots you climbing over the fence you climbing that tree and then you in here those shots could have already given me a better sense of act straight away that's my favorite one so I'm glad that you left that one right up to the end that one 100 hammock yeah this tells me oh if you're just in a hammock you've let your guard down oh this is gonna be an easy challenge for me I could just do this which now contradicts this there is a scene where I I had Chris on camera and I was like hiding behind a bush like showing that that would have been more interesting implicating the close calls you guys would have absolutely I hope I haven't ruined your spirits just yet we're only in the first 10 seconds we're only in the first 10 seconds okay so the 100 hours has begun and Jeff could be anywhere inside of this circle it's five miles wide this also confused me for a brief moment as well because the geography if we go back to your wide shots it's a wide shot of the Wilderness it's pretty interesting but then we cut back to you and you're also in the wilderness as well which to me tells me that you're already close I think what it could have been potentially more interesting you were in a city or a town environment instead the reason we shot I shot it here up on the hill you could you could see a really nice view of the entire Circle so I wanted to give the viewer like a visual of what that looks like yeah you did have a great shot of you on a hill to kind of overlooked everything you now have the Wilderness and you now have the town this is where he could be hiding I would have loved to have seen that as your opening image think about how the environment can also be telling that story I've known about this challenge for about a week now and I've been doing a ton of research on how to track people this was me researching seven days ago this was six days ago five days ago I ordered some insane tracking gear and now you get the point I didn't get the point okay it was gonna be more extensive but then our producer was like it's too long fine your producer it's not creating like a good threat for me you have already shown me you're hiding in a really really great spot you have that power so think of power potentially being a graph so how are you gonna combat that power oh I did some research that's not really a lot of information to tell me that conflict it's not the fact that you did research I think rather you should tell me why you're the expert I'm gonna track him via this I'm gonna find him with this he will not be able to hide because of this will you show me Your Arsenal the balance and the conflict is going to be a bit more interesting I think I was worried about giving too much information at once but because of that lack of information I therefore don't know how powerful you are but now we're gonna get to my favorite part and now you get the point I'm going to find Jeff I had to find Jeff foreign again took away the illusion straight away that you want really taking this this urgent I'm going to find Jeff and then you go with your body language very aggressively your body language and your performance will inform of me of the stakes this right here is my home for the night but since the circle is shrinking in the future days I'm gonna have to build a new stealth shelter every day so my first two objectives are get a disguise and build a stealth shelter for tomorrow night I gotta hide the shovel that's funny I like that risky is part of this entire challenge isn't actually hiding in the shelters it's traversing the map since Chris could spot me at any moment Chris can spot me at any moment but you just told me just before he's on the other side of the circle I'm on the top of a mountain yeah in in the open if anything I'm contradicting myself too there's nothing to hide behind up there so what you should have done then is this there's you looking out in the wilderness and then put these two shots together actually hiding in the shelters it's traversing the map since Chris gets about me at any moment that doesn't just feels more intense so it really does depend on what two shots you can put next to each other suddenly that makes it go wait how close is he I've been walking for like a half hour and if you're wondering why I'm limping I got in like a scooter accident yesterday I like this now your power's gone down I was trying to not limp around you that morning before we started and that he didn't know I wish I knew that but I also do like the small moment though going like a scooter accident yesterday so my heel is really bruised but we gotta check on the music kind of went down for a moment and I kind of felt your vulnerability for that brief moment scooter accident yesterday so my heel is really bruised but we got to check on and I liked that that's what I mean by suddenly the exchange of power you're bruised moment of silence uh oh but we've got a track on that's a nice moment of like okay I'm injured I'm in trouble but let me keep trying this is what five miles looks like the circle is about 500 feet that way and then he could go all the way to the mountains that's insane I'm glad I came up here and got the perspective of what this looks like so this is what I mean again by power and who owns that power Jeff is the one who is having that fun sort of experience whereas you I would say have to be a force of nature that can be told with the music Jeff if you're the one who's kind of chilling you should have that kind of bit more of that chill Vibe I honestly have no idea why I chose such a remote location from the first bunker but then you're being tracked down by a terrifying threat I've known about this challenge for about a week now and I've been doing a ton of research on how to track people so this is what five miles looks like glad I came up here got the perspective of what this looks like I'm going to find Jeff [Music] I've already been playing the answer yes yes you can Licht is expanding its library to where you can license actual movie soundtracks in your YouTube content and right now they of course have Lord of the Rings to the honestly super underrated soundtrack of Black Adam or you can express your positive masculinity and be Kenneth with the Barbie soundtrack when I first started as a filmmaker I used soundtracks and mainstream music in my content but it would mean I would sacrifice ad Revenue which sucks wouldn't you love to do this even license that by the way you can Rick Roll your audience and still keep the ad revenue and needle drop like that can be really good for retention and engaging your audience helping your content go further and be seen by more people go take a peek in lick and get 50 off your first mainstream track and 14 days free stop music via the link in the description the rain last night which means just Footprints are going to show in the mud this challenge is gonna be so much fun trying to track stuff down don't you worry I'm going to show you guys some tracking techniques if you're meant to be this expert tracker and you're going to try to track his Footprints that's a great idea but that's your first idea you've already established to me just a few moments earlier that you're on the other side of that Circle and so you're going to be tracking his Footprints when he hasn't even been there yet the circle is huge which I kind of underestimated yeah with this we're going to play a little bit of a game so think of tension like an elastic band The more you pull the more tense it gets and you can feel that so what your video should be potentially doing you need to be each scene needs to be pulling more and more and more making this more and more tense and Can you feel it can you see it yeah can you see it you see it and then a certain point and that's the end of your video but did you see what just happened with you guys you felt that tension it was raining my face what are you expensing right now how tense is this it's like this yes exactly yeah I just put picked up a couple of your employees from a park really with the Tesla and gave them a ride our team must have helped Chris by dropping off Tesla's at a park I wonder if this Uber driver will give me any more information so I'm actually hiding from my brother for this video that we're doing oh and so you actually just gave me information I wasn't supposed to know but as a really great exchange of power like this is now making you feel even more powerful oh what's the tension at well I'd say I'd say there's tension because he found out something that I was trying to do each scene you have to be considering is this stretching it a little bit more and if it's not you need to find ways to ensure that it does and so you should be conscious with every scene that you're doing is it creating more attention or are you letting it be slack right Jeffrey man have a good day brother you too this map thing bothers me because Chris is moving away going away okay so I'll have this information but he's going up the direction if there are instances when you're going the opposite ends of the circle that should be for comedy here's something I use a sense of geography to create comedy in the exchange of power like if I were a tiny Rosanna Pansino where would I hide boom so there's matpat monologuing and then failing to do so would I I thought I had I had it sure four sure and then there's a comedy of him leaving I think we were kind of looking at the map as kind of like a wide shot of things to give the viewer perspective on like where we were and not necessarily like a storytelling tool yeah it should have been used as a storytelling tool good luck Tesla I burned five and a half hours planting the Teslas but we did it so we're gonna check the footage tonight and see if we spotted Jeff or not now my next objective is very clear get lunch I'm hungry I honestly don't know how hard it's going to be to find him this should have been a fun moment we've just established that you two are really really close what does this do and so maybe that could have been an instance where we check it what is Jeff up to what is then going to have a moment where you're like okay how is Chris gonna find Jeff what is he gonna do now my next objective is very clear get lunch oh no it's like oh he like he blew it it was almost like we could have pretended with music that he was gonna have some insane tactic now my next objective is very clear get lunch oh man yes yes that is so funny I don't know how hard it's gonna be to find him I could be in way over my head and not even know but I'm not gonna now this is funny like imagine with that information how funny this is now because you two are now so close to each other you two should have been cutting between each other a little bit here's you being really really dumb honestly don't know how hard it's gonna be to find him I could be in way over my head and not even know but I'm not gonna give up it's just weird because I literally have no idea where he is or what he's doing right now you don't know how close you are to him and then here is him again gaining more power so I just got out of Walmart and put him on my disguise so yeah this is my disguise I was thinking that and that could have been emphasized just by cutting between the both of you I honestly don't know how hard it's going to be to find him I even know so I just got out of Walmart and put him on my disguise but I'm not gonna give up it's just weird because I literally have no idea where he is or what he's doing right now I was thinking that I'd look like a guy going to the gym I got my gym bag now I got to think about what to do next let's see if we can find ways again in editing to probably help increase that tension then I've successfully evaded Chris for probably like 14 ish 15 hours I don't really know the math maybe it's later than 11 I don't know all I know is I'm exhausted my back hurts I'm gonna get some good night rest and hopefully it'll feel better in the morning so see you tomorrow so you've let your guard down okay let the search begin here you go and if I find some and they're fresh maybe it'll lead me right to Jeff oh my gosh what the heck dude don't your bird just spooked me I think I've hit a dead end I don't think Jeff would have gone through there there's easier ways footprint right here yeah that's about the size of Jeff's foot let's hyper focus on you getting close to him basically I'm trying to look for footsteps and if I find some and they're fresh maybe it'll lead me right to Jeff Spring right here yeah that's about oh yeah that definitely feels more tense Jeff did you happen to get any shots of you sleeping ah this one was definitely a unique scenario I was genuinely in so much pain because I I like tweaked my back just suffering trying to get into there so I was like I'm going to bed I understand but if you had that footage of you sleeping that could have been a bit more tense like here's some footsteps here oh what is this it's like a Jeff shoe we cut to you sleeping oh that would have been so good now you've seem so much more vulnerable you've let your guard down look at that look at the trail Jeffrey if you're in here I'm gonna find you cut back to you you have no idea you're about to be found look at that in the trail Jeffrey if you're in here I'm gonna find you so we still have like you know this whole circle to go so I decided that I'm gonna hop in the car and then but still with that tension racing so again that could have happened even more so you're close you're close you're close oh my God oh my God he's about to find him we cut to maybe one more shot of you the music starts swelling up he was about to find him I've given up you start driving away and then we cut back to Jeff one more time the music is calm a peaceful moment he's safe for another day who didn't win Jeff won what is he going to do the next day then but tomorrow I'm activating phase two I want to try a different tracking method each day tomorrow I have a tracking pen phase two make you the force of nature again you didn't find Jeff therefore you gave up but this is what you're gonna do to change that that was not told through this because you kept that sort of comedic music underneath the tone should have changed to be a bit more intense the cuts could have been a bit more powerful tomorrow I'm activating phase two I have a tracking pen night vision goggles the circle is streaming to four miles tomorrow I need to be very alert because Jeff will be moving this now creates the Cliffhanger which is something I don't think many creators really do and I think Mrs and they therefore miss out on a really really great retention hack and that's why I like series but the game is for series to work you got to get me to the end of that video you guys failed to get me to the end of that video so therefore the Cliffhanger is not going to work it's therefore when part two comes along well I already checked out halfway through episode one so I'm not gonna watch it and so that's why this series failed you didn't give me good tension you didn't give me good story you didn't give me good conflict you didn't give me a fun exchange of power so therefore I didn't watch episode two that makes a lot of sense I was like it's the packaging no but you're no you're right no you're right it's there's a lot we got to work on what's the game plan for you guys next after this learning all of this yes tension

  Top Comments:
  1. @HillierSmith [12 likes]: I have an editing class! Sign up here:  https://hayden-hillier-smith.mykajabi.com/edit-like-an-artist
  2. @DESCU23 [2 likes]: this guy is the god of editing :yt:
  3. @P3akGT [1 likes]: 8:36
  4. @Littlesezer: Turkish subtitle pls bro
  5. @gladiator1568: Coming up with ideas is difficult for sure but I say creativity will always find it's way around
  6. @SnackCut1: REALLY Informative stuff here
  7. @woodandwheelz: I love these videos, but I honestly don't see how they could help me. I do adventureless woodworking videos. Play Lord of the Rings soundtrack as I cross the shop. LoL! I still watch them just in case. My editing sucks, I know, but that's only for now. "The day  you stop learning is the day you die." ~ Me
  8. @NargeseMast: It's really helpful. Thank you
  9. @koimusic1049: Amazing
  10. @myautobiographyafanfic1413: It doesn't help that the content isn't something people would watch.
  11. @ericjimenez8: amazing video. more of these would be great!
  12. @_skyeline: Editing a video about editing a video must be pretty interesting...
  13. @WothemGottem: It would have been a good investment to get a super experienced editor, like you, to judge the video before uploading it. I am going to remember this.
  14. @GigaChadBigW: Question if you stop the subscription of Lickd  the music in my video wont be monetize?
  15. @RugoGaming: I'm starting to develop an inner-Hillier voice, and I like it. Great stuff man, now to just get myself to stop binging your content and finish these next few videos.
  16. @terogamer345: Amazing insights but lol at "here is why your series failed" while each video got at least 1.3+ million views, damn the standards are high 😅
  17. @nancymcmonarch: OMG, yes, shell out a little money for music licenses.  That canned, tinny "YouTube" music screams CHEAPSKATE! and is universally awful.  Nobody wants to hear Joe Nobody's homemade songs that kinda sorta sound a little bit like Pink Floyd, Brian Eno, or a frantic case of indigestion.
  18. @omis1459: If you give so many tips then why you have 340k subs and not 100m+ ?
  19. @PK_the_pumpkin_king: love your editing skills and i was wondering if you could help me out with mine with some advice… im a new gaming youtuber and have -5 editing skills so in learning but how much game footage should i start with to stop and edit? or what would you ask from someone? any advice would be amazing again your skills are crazy good im watching your videos trying to get an understand it all.. again any advice if any would be much appreciated ^.^
  20. @turkeybunker: How it hard, but interesting)

- Viral Fails That Destroyed My Brain 🤣: Kind: captions Language: en [laughter] [clears throat] >> Did you catch it? >> [laughter] >> Wait. Wait. Hold on. Hold on. Keep it up. Let me put my camera in there and see where it is. Lift it up. Lift it up. Push it down. Like whack it down. IT'S NOT IN THERE. FACE CARD NEVER DECLINED. Access denied. >> [snorts] >> Access denied. Not even getting to start recording right now. Start recording right now. Keep it. Keep it. Keep it. That's my drink holder. Beautiful. Beautiful. >> [cheering] [screaming] >> We cannot be serious right now. I just got a new room in this hotel. Where the is my bed at? Where the is my bed? Where am I supposed to sleep? Am I supposed to make a mattress? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are we doing? $25. Consumer Reports' most reliable >> Oh. Oh, okay. Oh, very nice. Cool. You know, we just at the Microtel and I just thought to let y'all know the pubic area is on moist. The pubic AREA IS ON TRY TO TAKE ME OUT. Can't keep me down. >> Run fast. No. No, you have to like like okay. >> I give up. Guys, we've just hiked for 4 days and we're finally at Machu Picchu. >> Wow. It's the seventh wonder of the world. I wonder where it is. >> [music] [snorts] >> Oh my god. Look at all the socks. He snatched the whole hose out. >> the whole hose out. You got to put the hose up. Oh my god. No, I didn't because it wouldn't give me any gas, so I just took it. Well, that's what was dragging. You want to use my stick now? WOAH. >> [screaming and crying] >> HELP ME. HELP ME. [gasps] >> HAPPY BIRTHDAY [laughter] to you. >> [crying] >> HAPPY [screaming] BIRTHDAY >> I WENT AND INSTALLED THESE COOL NEW DOOR STOPS. YOU CHECK OUT HOW WELL THEY WORK. >> I don't know how I've got myself in this position. But it's not good. Oh my god. I'm fine. Get out of there. What'd you do? Some days are awesome. Like this. Brand new Lamborghini. Only a couple hundred miles on it. Under water. Yeah. >> Woo!

  Top Comments:
  1. @aprilcard13 [16 likes]: Thank goodness for classic roast coffee and Fail Army they both make me happy
  2. @LaurieValdez-j6n [1 likes]: Oh yeah 😅 like what could go wrong ?
  3. @MeilanLee1994 [1 likes]: it's pretty awesome!
  4. @10th_Doctor: I am sad this destroyed your brain. I guess this is the last video ever made by this channel. Sad to see you go.


1:08 ... who films themselves sitting down, using the toilet in what looks like a porta-potty THEN posts it online?
  5. @뮤직한입: Omg
  6. @allegory7638: There's only one rock in the river but we'll make sure we hit it.
  7. @DistortTheRender: Ah yes. When you need a good laugh, these will do the trick!
  8. @kevoreilly6557: Videos like this prove Darwin was wrong 😂
  9. @ArnF_: 5:24 Hope, that's not really body shaming. But how can a horse be soooo fat? What is wrong with that animal?
  10. @1cont: Hoverboard fails

Funny as always.
  11. @FunnyFails777: 😂😂😂😂🎉🎉
  12. @FarocheCouture: 19:06    That could be a scene from a horror movie!  The way he got sucked down into that hole!
  13. @bryanwozniak8861: The modern call-sign is 'War Criminal One', is more accurate.
  14. @johnveglio4433: A goose did the same thing to my father one morning, he was in the BBQ SMOKER by noon and was on the dinner table at 7 pm !  😂😂😂😂😂😂
  15. @LarueLottBell: I’m a young 62! Someone please tell me how a person drives off with the gas  nozzle and hose?!!!
  16. @ultimateskillchain: 10:30 has Vine energy and I'm very here for it 🤣
It's giving "fre sha vaca do"
  17. @Michael-jw6et: Yay! Let's kill a completely harmless spider just because it's there.  That guy was so tough and macho.
  18. @SupraB58King: Range Rover would have caught a nice knuckle sandwich as he went by
  19. @GamingManual: 2:11 legit looks like something you'd see on The Simpsons.
  20. @EliBrown-v8c: Ew that's disgusting

- Shorts Genius Shares Everything She Knows (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral that is an absurd thing to say that's Jenny Hoyos an 18-year-old YouTuber who is absolutely crushing shorts she's done over 600 million views in the past year alone averaging 10 million views per video how does she do it I have analyzed thousands of shorts I've analyzed all of Mr B shorts all of Ryan Tran's shorts and what I found was in this episode you'll learn how to make anything go viral I think you can make a video about anything it's just adding and how to create the perfect short every second counts on a short like every single second whatever you say you're going to do you end it right after you do it the difference is in short form content platforms short form content is not the same across platforms I noticed that YouTube likes and a hot take you might not be expecting retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does you said this kind of aside you said well I can make anything go viral like if the idea is good I can make I can make it go viral which is an absurd thing to say and I want to hear what that means to you how do you how do you make anything go viral it's just adding story and a Twist especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video I think you can make a video about anything you can make video about paint drawing and you can make make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested what are your favorite ways to get people invested how do you how do you make a story that people care about I think my content is very personality based I'd say so for me making it personal makes them invested I'll give you an example I actually did this in a long form in the video I cooked for strangers to make money okay very Baseline why should they care well my kitchen is broken and I want to raise money for it by cooking and making money you know it's it's ironic like I'm my kitchen's broken so in order to fix it I have to cook to make money so I think that's what makes people invested having like some sort of personal why or goal and irony too is pretty funny I like that I like that irony jux to position Jenny's the hero of the story exactly what makes a good short when I think of good it's very subjective so there's no direct definition as to what makes a good short because everyone has different taste but I can say what makes a good short to me okay let's hear that to me a good short is one that has a strong hook as the way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title in thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks then it'll work for a short you know so the hook needs to be very visual you need to understand it without even listening to it and it needs to be so simple like so simply said like you said explain to a 5-year-old so I think that's one of the key things and then also just a story that just you know pushes you through and not only do you watch to the end but you rewatch it again so that's what makes a good short to me let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny because I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's tied on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual and then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grade or under H what's what's the readability Checker that you use uh I don't I don't know I don't pay for it it's readability formulas. comom is the one I use and you want to be fifth grade or under fifth grade or under yeah have you have you played around with things that are uh older quote unquote than that and seeing that that's the level that it should be at or how did you arrive at fifth grade yeah so I have analyzed thousands of shorts as you may know so I've like scraped you know the scripts of a bunch of shorts and and I've put it in this readability Checker and I've noticed that the most popular shorts especially Mr Beast you know Mr Beast is one of the best shorts creators and his is like in first grade level so I just basically like after scraping everything that's when I realized like fifth grade and under is like about the range you want to be at yeah I think yeah that's a simply foot yeah how did you land on fifth grade was that the average of all of these I'm not going to lie the readability can sometimes be off but it was um it was just like at a range cuz I I believe like like a for example is like slightly higher I don't know the exact number in the top of my head but I I just noticed that like a good in between as fifth grade but I will say the problem with the readability is especially like with content like mine you can change the readability from fifth grade to like e8th grade by simply using the word business which is why I try to avoid things like that or if you use the word Finance or if you use like for example profit instead of saying profit I just explain the definition of profit every time I talk about it I did know this about you I did not know that you analyze thousands of shorts by scraping the titles and the transcripts can you tell me more about that yeah so it's so funny because like basically the way I do it is you know when you go on to YouTube and you open up a short it sends you like even on desktop it sends you to like this shorts page or whatever but if you change the url to like watch question mark V equals then the URL then it will send you to like the actual YouTube page and then you can just click transcript copy and paste that transcript and then I just check the readability but I also like check other things you know I just analyze why these shorts are working so interesting so interesting I I would love to hear anything else that comes to mind as you were looking at all this that started to help you pull together your own short strategy because I did not realize that you had done all this research and pulled all this together this gets me very very excited as the Creator Science Guy I am super excited about this this research yes so I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos and I think that's where you learn the most everyone has different audiences so what works for Mr Beast might not work for me right so what I did is like I did my own little experiment like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible and I think I only got like a week or two in it didn't it I didn't I didn't get that far but the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible quantity is what makes quality when I was doing that quantity I would analyze my retention graph and this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you so there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days right which I on average I usually get like a million so I was not happy with the performance and I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip it was 70% 1 second later it was 45% like a 25 % drop in 1 second and the retention was 83% so what I did was I went to YouTube Studio I trimmed off that 1 second YouTube removed this feature by the way YouTube please bring it back but just by removing that one second at the end it went from 83% to 88% and the video went flying and that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 second short right if you lose 1 second that's already 90 7% That's three percentages you know if you have lose two seconds that's 6% so when you think about it I'm sure it's like you're not just losing one second you're losing double or even triple because that one second accumulates to two or 3% of the video the takeaway here I believe is that you really want in a short high retention of course we want High retention and everything but I've heard some people talk about you really want people to sometimes Loop and watch even into a repeat of the thing is that true yes yes and I'll explain why the average scroll through rate which is basically like on YouTube shorts you can see what percentage who like what percentage of people viewed versus swiped away and I like to call it scroll through rate but the average scroll through rate is like 70% you want to get that as high as possible my personal scroll through rate is like 85% so my average scroll through rate is 85% but my average retention is 95 5% if only 85% of people are watching it how does the retention subtly get to 95% it's because they're rewatching it so to have that like 90 plus per retention which is like in my opinion the bare minimum like for a short uh blow up you need them to watch it again so 90% is your benchmark that's what you're looking for for retention for something that will have the the virality and reach that you're accustomed to at this point for the most part yes I will say it depends on the amount of Impressions because my videos average like 95% retention but we're talking like that's on 10 million views so that's like it's very difficult to do right so yeah okay so you mentioned that with the hooks you think about the visual nature of it are you talking about the first frame of the actual video yes I'm talking about the first frame I don't know how many shorts you've seen so I'll try and to explain it I I've seen more than one but less than you so let's let's assume on the yeah so I have this series where I remake fast food items for a dollar instead of like showing my face I show the location I show the front of the location because obviously like more people know the fast food location than they know me the easiest way to describe like the video just visually is by showing the fast food item in front of the location so usually it's so funny I would have the logo in the middle and then I'll put the food item here and and then right in the middle I'll put like $1 burrito $1 sandwich $1 Burger so then it's like you perfectly see it it's always perfectly aligned and it really helps for bability too because it's actually a playlist and I get a lot of views from people like just like watching it down and they they just know it's me every time they see that framing so interesting was this all trial and error or did you model this this style of of Framing and hook off of anyone in particular it's Ely like pry and error at first I started by I guess you can say stealing like stealing like an artist cuz that's how to me I I believe that's how you learn sure you obviously want to find your own style but I started by like copying other people's Hooks and then I was looking at like Which percentage is the highest so I it sounds so funny so like a a strategy a technique is like what would it sound like if this YouTuber made this video and then I would make a bunch of hooks depending on that so I'll have like a list of like the big 10 and then I'll just like you know have a bunch of different hooks pick which one's my favorite see the percentage and then assess what's the best hook then I made my own twist into it after a quick break Jenny walks me through her process for coming up with great ideas so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor uscreen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an OnDemand catalog of Premium video content and uscreen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a uscreen account you get video hosting an outof the-box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of thirdparty Integrations too and new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required uscreen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you what would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create oh gosh well I have like right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas crazy and I'm only doing 10 crazy so so these are Depends these are a thousand ideas not a thousand hooks a thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them yes it's it's it's crazy yeah where do they come from how do you generate that many ideas okay there's a lot of ways so one way is I just watch YouTube and then see what I personally you know like want to recreate and like twist or it's like what video do I want to watch or um as funny as it sounds I also use ai ai has some pretty good ideas but the best ideas at least for me personally they come from just living it and then thinking this is a video idea so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds cuz that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like I think it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent and I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas so how do you go from a th000 ideas to narrow it down to 10 what is the deciding factor of which videos make the cut yeah so I would say I narrow it I narrow it down to like like let's say we have 100 because 100's like an easier number to work with so let's say we have 100 ideas I'll narrow it down to like 25 25 to 50 that's usually just based on like the first thing I ask myself is do I want to make it I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral if I really want to make it so first I tell myself do I actually want to make this is this actually logistically possible and then it's like is the hook good is the mechanism good are people going to rewatch this then that's when I look at like where's the virality aspect in this then I'll bring it down to 25 then from there I'll send it to um my video editor who's also like he's just like he's really involved in the channel so he's not just a video editor he's also like a strategist because you know he's he he knows a lot about YouTube and um I'll send it to him and he'll bring my 25 to like 10 and he'll basically he'll go in and tell me like even further if it actually seems viral if he thinks it's sharable but for him like he's really good at telling if if a concept is simple yet complex if that makes sense M mhm you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you you mean by mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last leave Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewer is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do because it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation which is probably one of the biggest things I think that's I think that's why my videos like go viral it's because people have a good expectation of what they're going to watch and what's actually going to be at the end so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them car in the hook my mom's Never Had change that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I closed the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end how long would you say on average your shorts are oh I know exactly the answer because I've done the analysis okay what's the answer it's it's exactly 34 seconds because my most popular videos are exactly that length so I try to make it exactly that length that was going to be my next question was to say do is that now your your benchmark for what you're looking for in a video 34 seconds yes so yes everyone's is different everyone got to analyze it like for their their own channel and I think I've seen well I was in uh I was in Pat Galler's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for so I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos whereas if it shorter maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality exactly yes correct so for me for my personal Channel like I said like there's no specific number I think everyone just has to check out their analytics but for me I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off so that's why I like to make it slightly longer but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience if you know that you want your videos to be about 34 seconds I'm thinking if it's 34 seconds and you know that you want your last second retention to be really high it seems like the payoff is like literally the last second so now we got 34 33 seconds to work with you probably know how long your hook generally is so maybe that's you know 3 seconds or 5 seconds and you have this remainder of 28 to 30 seconds in the middle do you break that down into specific pieces of the mechanism or is that just kind of whatever happens in the edit yeah so it's usually whatever happens in the edit but what I do check is before I film the video I will do a rough script even if it's not even what happens in the video like I'll just roughly you know do it and I can just change it later and from there I'll have a sense of how long it is just from the word count but I don't necessarily force it I just let it free flow like you said in the edit but I do have a rough idea of the word count and my Hooks and foreshadow I always do that in every video I do a hook and then I foreshadow which is two lines and that is usually 3 seconds or less and foreshadow you're saying that's in that's in the voiceover because I know you mentioned like that the example of your your mom's gift when you see her grab the package that's foreshadowing in a way but that's completely visual you're saying you dedicate some spoken time to foreshadowing as well yes I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it like it doesn't matter what video idea it is like like like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach right and then it's like why would someone watch so that's the hook I'm going to the Beach and what's the foreshadow I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video it could literally be with anything it just needs to have some sort of expectation I want to keep going down this the structure Rabbit Hole a little bit more because I keep finding new layers like I didn't know foreshadowing is part of your structure so is there anything that comes after the hook and foreshadowing that is a structural part of every video yes there actually is so it will usually be hook which is really short then I'll foreshadow what's going to be at the end then I have to smoothly transition so I used to have like a lot of breaks cuz you want to give people time to breathe right because you don't want to be like I'm going to be doing this and this and this and this the video's over I didn't like they they're not going to understand anything so you want a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking let me explain what I mean by that this I did this in my recent video so it was like McDonald's banned this item hook so I'm gonna make it at home then convince them to put it back on the menu That's the foreshadow and then at first I wrote let's get started but that breaks pace so instead of saying let's get started I said so I cooked illegally that that just flows better so I I don't want to give like cuz I already gave like two crucial pieces of detail so if I give any more detail they're just going to forget about that like pracy recency if you I can get into that so it's like they're going to forget what I just said so we need a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking if that makes sense yeah totally okay let's keep going down this this Trail is there is there more structural pieces past the transition usually it's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling okay tell me more about but therefore storytelling basically but there but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story so a story stories can't be stories without change for example I went a walk then it started raining then I went back home it was much more boring than if it was like I went on a walk but it started raining therefore I started running back home and I I it was raining all over me but good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back therefore I got home like it's the exact same story but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like but and then so or but therefore I'm so glad that you're able to like whip up these examples on the Fly this is must be very stressful the the spots I'm putting you on but you're just like I got it yeah so if I'm thinking from an order of operation standpoint I'm I'm making some assumptions I'm realizing and I want to make sure I'm correct in them it sounds like you have ideas first then you narrow that down to a small number of ideas and ultimately a video that you say yes this idea my editor and I have decided is a good one uh you come up with versions of the hook and then it seems like you you start recording and after recording you start editing and then after editing comes the transcript for the voiceover did I get that right you were close you were close like you said ideas then I find that one idea then I'll write my hook then I'll write the last line so I always know the last line when I'm going to film then I'll go back and then after the hook I figure out how I'm going to foreshadow that I I will always have the hook for so I always have two lines so it'll be like hook foreshadow end um but in between it would be like it depends on the video sometimes it will be a rough script like we were saying so I can have that structure in mind or it will just be bullet points of things I want to touch on while I'm filming then I will film once I filmed I will revisit the script again revise it finalize it then it goes and edit how do you write the last line without knowing what comes out in the filming it's you'd like leave it in blank so it would be like for example if I'm surprising someone with a gift the last line would be then like it's so simple then I surprised my mom and and then blank so it's usually reaction just to have a general idea yes yeah exactly yes okay I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened it's it's like it's pleasing but it is abrupt and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world to step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I will think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like the these are my favorites to think about by the way my my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to it's it's very tough because they might not be interested in the topic but if I can make them interested and especially if it makes sense to them as non-english speakers then it's probably really good so that's the way I see it it's not necessarily thinking of like their their dream their desires but more so how can you speak to them I just it just I don't know if that makes sense because it's like it's it's different it it makes sense it's interesting for me to hear because I just don't speak to folks on the more entertainment side of the Creator world as often so actually I'm just coming at it from Natural Curiosity to hear how you do think about it I would imagine at the level of views you're getting tens of Millions on these on these videos it's a broad spectrum of people who are looking at this so who you who do you choose as the core of yes people outside of this type of person maybe it's my nieces will watch this but I'm making it for this person in particular I didn't know if you had that specificity or not like I said I do and I don't so it's in the sense of like I it's mainly like my younger self which is like kind of weird because I can't actually my younger yourself can't actually watch it but that's like the way I think of it if that makes sense yeah for sure for sure can we talk a little bit about Instagram reals and Tik Tok and how you think about those because a lot of times people think short form vertical video it's same everywhere choose wherever you're leading and then just post it to all three and it's clear that your your YouTube is is much bigger than the other two platforms and those other platforms are much bigger than mine so that's not any judgment on you but I'm curious what you're hearing or what you're experiencing in terms of how this does or does not translate hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Oli abdal if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts all right back to the show yeah so sh from content is not the same across platforms and I know this because I used to do very well on Tik Tok before I was doing well on YouTube In fact when I had like a thousand subscribers on YouTube I had like 70k on Tik Tok so I was doing much better and I was averaging like a million views per Tik Tok What was crazy is I remember at this at this point I was posting to all three platforms but Tik Tok was getting all the views YouTube shorts and Instagram reals were getting like none of it were you thinking about one of those platforms as like your lead platform at that time it was definitely Tik Tok so you're thinking I'm making this video for Tik Tok I'm also posting to reals and I'm also pointing posting shorts correct but it wasn't edited on the Tik Tok app like it would still be filmed you know like professionally and then edited it and then posting on Tik Tok the same video that would get 1 million views on Tik Tok would get 1,000 views on YouTube shorts and I was like okay let me switch a strategy CU I bought baned on Tik talk like for a short period of time I'm like let me focus on YouTube and then the opposite happened I started averaging 1 million views on YouTube and then a th000 on Tik Tok I'm like this is really strange like these platforms definitely won different content and what I found YouTube likes definitely a slower more mature you know it's a more mature audience so they want like a slower Pace more story so those would be like the 34 second tick uh 34 second shorts that I'm making right now Tik Tok on the other hand did not like did not like videos over 30 seconds it liked 10 to 20 second videos that were just like dense with information not that many jokes just like you know just just scrollable they're just trying to scroll as much as possible versus Instagram reals was also slightly more mature but because they have that mute feature a lot of those videos would be very Visual and would have like subtitles in every second and would have like a lot of sharability since it's very it's it's very easy to share on Instagram how do you think about long form now is it something that you aspire to do more of how does it play into the Jenny hoyo Universe yes the Jenny ho Universe sounds like the MCU but yeah I I really want to get into long form I want to become established there basically what I did to shorts is exactly what I'm doing to long form I have been studying long forms for the past year learning as much as I can analyzing everything and now it's just time to execute so the goal is to pull off what I did on shorts on long form and then just you know upload a uh upload a a good amount between them I'm never going to quit shorts it's just going to be a good balance between the two what is long form represent to you that it's a priority you know you're so good at shorts you're you're like at the top of the mountain there why is long form something that's calling to you you know I think I mean it's a lot of reasons I feel it's kind of tough saying it but I think that they simply put I don't see that much more growth for me in shorts like sure I can start averaging like a 100 million views but it's like the real growth and fun is going to come from learning long form CU it's all about the journey you know it's like um it sounds so bad to say but I feel like I've already achieved my goal for like for shorts you know and it's like I I want to you know challenge myself again I just don't feel like I'm challenging myself with shorts this is a guess in short yeah no it's valid I your your reasons are your reasons they're totally valid I was I was I was wondering if it had anything to do with like is a relationship to the audience different in long form I'm sure there's more money in long form and I was wondering if those were part of the decision or if it was just a you know time to climb a new Mountain type situation I will say as ironic as it sounds money is not the reason why like when I first like started my entrepreneurship journey I was like money is everything right but then when I I started YouTube I realized like it doesn't matter how much I'm making like I'm just doing this so money like it's crazy as funny as it sounds because my content is all about money I don't even care Oh much I'm thinking it's funny as it sounds it's weird how it works but yeah is yeah the yeah it's just I think I think there is a better relationship with the viewer I feel like it's just it's just more it's more it's more personal you know like you guys are spending more time together for sure I think it is like a time spent situation like I feel like we really build trust as a function of time spent and the more spent time you spend with somebody like the more of a relationship you build relationships are built on trust curious if you think that your shorts audience will transition into long form or if you're thinking about you know the audience themselves the same like are these long form videos also going to be for your 10-year-old nieces it's it's a different audience you know it's really funny I want to tell this story because I thought it was absolutely hilarious and it's just going to open up like because to me it was it was huge I had a little cousin uh visit my house it was the first time I ever met her because she was also from another country and she she's like seven years old she came to my house first thing she said I'm cousins with a famous YouTuber it was so funny then the second thing she said she was like telling me how like she loves my shorts and she was like you know what you should check out I was like I was on YouTube and I noticed like they have these like horizontal videos that are like shorts but just like long and I was like that's crazy that's crazy that type of thing breaks my mind it's like it's like the videos where it's like we ask listen to and it's like insert bandn from my childhood here and like this is bad exactly it was one of those moments where it realized it opened it it was like that those are really two different audiences cuz there's some people who probably don't even know long forms are a thing and vice versa some people that don't even know shorts or thing then there's the people that know both so I know I'm going to get you know I'm not going to get all of my audience I have had some audience transition but yeah that's where I'm at and you think that's a is that a YouTube thing or is that an audience preference thing I think it's an audience preference thing for sure yeah I think YouTube's doing like as funny as it sounds because I feel like a lot of shorts creators like oh I feel so bad saying this CU I'm not one of them but I'm calling them out like there's shorts creators who have like a million subscribers and then they don't even get like a thousand views on a long form and then they're like it's YouTube's fault yeah but like in reality it's like their fault you know like um I average like 10 million views on shorts and then long forms I'm averaging like 50k views you know so it's like I think they're doing a pretty good job at like transitioning them just obviously not everyone's going to transition all right last question which I love to ask people is there anything that you believe to be true and we can relate it to YouTube or shorts but you don't yet have data to support oh there's there's a couple I'm trying to think what I should I think I got a good one I'm going to say two okay because I'm there's two that are really good bonus I think sharability really matters but I haven't done enough like analysis on that yet but I'm sure I can do my own analysis it's it's very tough because there's a lot of factors to that that come into play because you know I could argue this video has a lot of shares that's why I blew up but then I could also just argue that the retention was high so do you really know I I don't know so that that's my Hench I think sharability really does help although I will say like one of my shorts it has like such high shares it has like what was it like the shares to view ratio it's 20% Which is extremely high that seems very high and the scroll through rate is like 92% which is insane and it's probably because the shares are are that high and then my second hunch is that retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because I have a lot of friends like who will send me their retention graphs or like their data their analytics and there's people like within like a similar amount of impressions as me like their retention will be so much higher than mine like there's friends like they would have like a 40 second short that has like 100k views and over 100% retention and I'm like oh my gosh this video is going to get like 10 million views and like it's it's not even Niche either but then it never it never does that but then for me like yeah like for me what's crazy is like you know I I've had a short before where I had like 70% retention on the first 100K views which is like really bad like really really bad for shorts and it still got like 10 million views because it was like all returning viewers you know so it's like I just have a hunch that like you know like I don't know I don't know what it is what what how they're measuring it it's just viewer satisfaction it can't it can't just be retention you know [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [265 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play
  2. @Fricking.Website: While I can't make anything go viral, I do know something about being at the right place at the right time.
  3. @DeliciosobyJess: Gracias YouTube y a todos mis seguidores! 🫶✨
  4. @itseasypeezyy: I'm new creater, this will be beneficial for me  ...INSHAA Allah
  5. @BelloHappyTime: The best thing about this girl is that she resembles my kids, she is so funny, I love her story about the free laundry detergent, that is something I would do and a great idea for a video, she is amazing really. She will get really far because I was always like that and I am not a millionaire but I live a pretty good life :) God Bless her
  6. @KluckNorris: I bet you can't make my youtube shorts go viral, I've been on youtube 11 years and have 60 subscribers... lol
  7. @Studio81000: i like this girl
  8. @MeroArt_youtube: Her passion shows insane knowledge. Brawo
  9. @TheCooMan: 13:54 not me watching as a landscape creator 😅
  10. @DigitalMediaGalaxy01: nice vid 💪💪
  11. @BibleStoriesforEveryone-t6s: Make my video go viral!
  12. @vid4ia583: She said nothing is so many words = whatever she said ONLY works for her. Very nebulous explainer.
  13. @chronaion: Channel growth is a journey through the labyrinth of time. Fascinating, unpredictable, and worth every second.
  14. @theboredthedorkthebrokethedog: I wonder why her shorts are not getting much views now.
  15. @Ranger4-1-7-1: Guys n girls ATTENTION!
Studies showin that
every Short u see, its rottening ur  Attention for reality!

This is a real dangerous matter for real intelligence!

But ppl make a huge mistake by thinking they would have a win through a short look, but cant imagine anymore who they would be without this damage...ok u can decide  personal to watch or not, but is it really like that? 
No! Because now 18y old girls takin advantage of it! Like usual😅

But in a proffesional way

So for the health of the hole society, its shrinkin short by short and who goes out with real eyes and life experience can observe the difference!

Of course its a cute girl, but dont underestimate cute girls, they know how to manipulate in a determined way!
  16. @RabiaSani-d6p: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  17. @SmileyRN06: This was a great interview. Great questions and she was very open! 🎉 thanks!
  18. @IRUNTHISPLACE: Is anybody else thinking “Make me go viral”
I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a video and got 8 views 😂
  19. @kidjet: She’s so cool
  20. @raakgu: She's misunderstanding the retention metric and the swipe away metric.

Swipe away means did the user swipe past without watching your Short.

Retention means out of only those people who began watching your Short, what percentage of the video length did they make it to before swiping away.

The retention can be greater than 100% if your average viewer watches your video into the loop of it starting over.

Not because it relates to swipe away metric in any way.

- THIS AI Generates Viral Hooks Better Than ANY HUMAN | HookFaster Review: Kind: captions Language: en-US Look, I have just spent the last week using AI and scouring the internet for anything that talks about viral video hooks, and I reviewed thousands of different pieces of content and found something pretty wild. The best content, the most viral content uses the same exact pattern for the opening hooks. Actually, there's about eight patterns to look at. Now, this all comes down to what ends up happening. For most creators like myself, I would start the day and I would start with a blank screen. Then I'd rewrite the hook and I think it might be good, but I didn't have a lot of ways to pull from different ideas unless I had just watched something on my phone. So I built a tool I call Hook Faster. Not really to sell it, it's, it's a subscription. But to be able to create hooks that use all these frameworks immediately, so you could get right into the software, type in the idea for the video, get a bunch of different ideas for hooks and generate hooks faster. Think about this same process that maybe Mr. Beast would use Ali Abdu or any of your favorite creators that help them build their business. Now, I've been using this literally for the last six months, and most recently I've just. Updated the entire AI system to be able to use these exact patterns that I have just studied. So the tool is actually better than ever before and it looks like. Claude is just about to drop their latest version, so I'm gonna use that version when it gets updated, but honestly, my hooks have already leveled up. Everything I've wanted to see is going in the right direction. And in this video I'm gonna walk you through the tool, but I'm doing this to show you this is where I am today. At 20,000 subscribers and I don't think anything is gonna get in my way of scaling and building this channel and any content I do to heights that I've never dreamed of. Because with this tool, I now have a way to generate so many more hook ideas, do it faster, and then use that to generate, to then come up with the best idea. I see out of all of it in literally moments. So you could use it, test it, and that's what we're gonna do right now. I'm gonna show you exactly how you can get started for free today. Test it out and see how it works. Now take a look here on my screen. As you could see, this is the landing page. You'll get a bunch of the different experiences and things you could do, but as you could see, this is gonna work for YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, any social platform you are, you're on. And right now we have. 32 proven hook strategies in there. Actually, that should be updated 'cause I just added more that we're gonna take a look at. So once you create an account, you get into a tool that looks like this really easy, really simple to use. Now there's a lot of power here, so all you do is type in your topic or subject. If you have a full script as well, you could paste that in. It's a small box, but you could paste in a thousand words. It does not matter. But here you could type something in and then from there. Choose your target audience. So this, this, the actual hook could be generated for them, and then the tone and style. So in this case, I'm just gonna go to maybe my history of one of these. Let's just go in here. And take a look at something I did earlier. Let's do meta hooks that win. Alright, so here I just typed in. Basically this is a whole script right here. You can see there's a lot of content. I didn't even put anything for the target audience, and then I just chose casual here. In this case, you could also add in any custom hook structures that you want. So if you want to have it do something specific, you can. But what you're seeing here is the generated hooks. Now, let's just take a look at this. Let's just like. This is a true evaluation of the tool, so it generates it. Boom. Okay, we cracked meta's million dollar hook code three structures, honestly. That's really good. Like outta the gate, you could see the engagement score is pretty high here as well, which is awesome. You could go in here and read a little bit more. So it says, we analyze over a thousand meta adada hooks that generate seven figure campaigns last year, but here's what shocked us. 94% of advertisers are using the wrong structure structure entirely. That's interesting. Now I'm like, okay, well what's going on? Wrong structure. What's going on? Let me try to figure this out. And just let me say a quick note. This video, the intro was written using Hook faster, and so if this video pops off, it's proof in the pudding, but let's just take a look at some more. $10 million in ad spend reveals these three hook secrets. That is really intriguing to me. Now, you might say, well, we, like I, I like to be as real as possible. You might say, well, we didn't spend 10 million. Well, maybe you spent a million, maybe you spent 500,000. You could then take these, and that's why it's called Hook faster, because I don't think it comes up with perfect hooks over and over again. They're actually really good coming outta the gate, but you could look at all of these and then use different formats and structures that will work best for your content. Now, let's take a look at this. Why your meta ads fail. It's not what you think. Interesting. This is kind of like reverse psychology kind of idea here. Uh, the meta hook study that changes everything. All right. Kind of vague, not really yet for me, but okay. From zero to a million dollars, the hook formula that actually works. Do you see how you just take a simple idea? Whatever you put in now, I, I put in a whole script, but let's just say, let's do what it says, uh, best productivity tools for, uh, new founders. Let's use software. And learn how to spell productivity. Uh, five tools. I'm just gonna do that. Founders, I could just leave that for new founders. Just founders, and we're gonna do more inspirational. That'll change the setup. And then you could use YouTube or thread. So I'll hit generate. It'll take a second to generate. While it does that, let's go back to the meta ads. Here. It gives you a lot of structures for either threads, reel, shorts, TikTok, X, whatever, where you could come in here and then start to consider like, Hey, what do I like? Not like all of that. Alright, so here, POV. You've been writing Meadow Hooks wrong this entire time and didn't even know it. I mean, I think like that one right there, if I was on like LinkedIn, that's a great intro, like above the fold. That can take you into a lot more or this. We tested a thousand plus meta hooks, only 3% actually made money. Here's why yours probably don't work. That's honestly like, wait, wait, wait. I don't wanna be wasting money. How could you help me if you've tested a thousand? I wanna see that this is like incredible. Now let me show you some cool features of the tool while we'll then go back and check out the recent hooks it just generated. As you could see here, you could generate more hooks down here, uh, of this same exact. Script and style. Now you also have different pages here. You have history, so everything you've ever generated you could go back and access. You also have favorites. So if I really like this one, I could heart it. It'll take a sec, then boom, it'll show up with the, the red heart. And then I could go into my favorites and you'll see, boom. It'll show up there. You can see the full generation. So you could see everything that was generated, uh, when you first went to, uh, create that, which is super helpful. Full. Then from there, there's a winners feature. So over time, let's say you start creating content and you're using it and you publish stuff. You want to see what's winning and see what's working, and then report back, which is really interesting. So then you could say, Hey, this one right here was a winner. So you could click that and then give some type of feedback here about. It being a winner. Then from there say, Hey, this hit a million views in a month or whatever. Uh, this got a lot of engagement, A lot of, we had a lot of people purchase after using this. So this kind of does two things. This gives you an outline of all your winning hooks. So if I say. This was awesome. Let's just do that. I'll hit submit. Then if I go to my winners, you'll see this is the one we just added. Boom, these two are here. Then you could see everything that's winning, and then you could go back and double down on these. You could go back to the full generation as well. It gives you a lot of power to generate hooks, get better at hooks, and really focus in on your hook structure. From there, it actually also notifies. Us as a company and we'll be able to then go in here and like optimize the tool even more off the best hook. So you win, everyone wins. It's awesome. Um, we won't give away any of your data, but as you, you see like, oh, the teacher hooks works really well, then we could see there's structure there. That's really powerful. And what's trending? 'cause I wanna keep this as relevant as possible. Now let's take a look at what just got generated. Here we go. The five apps that built my $10 million company founders only. Really interesting social proof added. That's really, really interesting. Okay, I tested 47 productivity tools. Only five actually matter. This is great. Again, it matters where you're coming from and like. This one, my $10 million company, or the company I exited. Those could be really interesting titles. Why 90% of founders use the wrong productivity stack. That's really interesting. Imagine with the thumb, uh, the thumbnail you show like notion and other tools and then you're gonna say, oh, just use like your notes app on your Apple device. Like that's a really interesting. Conversion of information, thoughts, and ideas for you to generate hooks. I love it. I'm like, I, I am so motivated, uh, so inspired by what I'm seeing already. This is funny. It says it stop using notion. These five tools actually scale companies. Alright, so down here, let's see, five productivity tools. That took me from 80 hour weeks to $50 million company in three years. That's insane. That's a huge promise. But there's a transformation. So basically you just replace that to, uh. Less than five hours a week in three years, it's like maybe not three years. I would say something else around that. Figure out what that kind of looks like best as, which is great. I spent 12 K testing productivity tools, probably true. Only these five actually built my company. That's so interesting. And this is maybe why if you do provide more content into the subject line, it can generate stuff that's more relevant. So I said, these are the five tools I'm gonna recommend. Or if I said something like. Scaling a company from zero to a million, something like that would maybe help in a way, um, to bring this to life. So that's an overview of the tool and I honestly just wanna make it better and better. I actually even wanna make a way for you to report like what's working and that you could adjust it further in your profile. You can actually do some really cool things as well. You add all your social links, your profile, everything, but then you also have your own hook settings. So we have the best frameworks. Already built into the ai so you don't have to do any extra work. But if you have additional frameworks you want to add into the system, you could add them in here. So I'm just gonna do a sample for a second. I just wanna show you how this works. If I go back saving and when I go back to the tool, you're gonna see your profile. Custom criteria will be automatically applied. So. You could apply that, and then you could also apply a third layer, so there's three layers. There's our system. You could apply your account wide system plus specifically for this generation, A system on top of that. So you have a ton of power. To do a lot of really cool things. So what I'll end with is this. I would love to have people testing this. You could get in here for a week, I think it's two weeks or a week. You could do 20 free generations. Yeah. Seven day trial for 20 generations. Go in there, test out different hook structure and style. If you have feedback, I would love it. Second, if you do end up loving it, it's quite affordable in my opinion. Monthly, you could see $10 or 20, uh, for unlimited, and then yearly is either eight or $16 a month. So you get unlimited generations for $16 a month for. Whole year. All of this is built in and it's only the beginning. This is only gonna get better. Bunch of FAQ down here and other stuff as well. But you could get started, start to generate content, immediately improve your hooks. And I feel like for me, launching this right here at the beginning of 2026, a year from now. This tool is gonna be the thing that helped me scale and at the ti at the same time, be my favorite tool. I use it every day. I've used it every day since I built it six months ago. Absolutely love it. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you guys in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhotoSlash [1 likes]: "not really to sell it, its a subscription" 
so you're selling a thing monthly
  2. @boruxPhonkk [1 likes]: El celeste video😎
  3. @aaronclemons2081: When I look up hook faster nothing comes up. No webpage. No app.
  4. @HimanshuKumar-x1k9p: not able to login

- I Studied 1,000+ YouTube Hooks, Here's What Gets 70%+ Retention: Kind: captions Language: en A killer YouTube video is built by 3C formula. Crazy hook, credibility stack, and content preview. Today we're talking about crazy hook. Crazy hook is the first thing a person sees after clicking on a video. Mastering the crazy hook is what changed my retention from this to this. You know, I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up for so long because so many gurus on the internet are telling you different things. Some of them say, "Get yourself an aesthetic background." Others say, "Don't you worry about the background." Some say just edit your videos so they are faster paced. The others say, "Okay, then why are so many unedited videos going viral? Don't edit." And the thing is, all of this works, but only if you are either here or here. After analyzing thousands of hooks, I've seen that both bad backgrounds are going viral and super good backgrounds going viral. The middle ones, h not so much. Heavy editing in the beginning gets views and absolutely no editing in the hook gets views. If you're somewhere in the middle, uh, probably not that viral. Both bold statements, the old way of creating content is dead, >> and boring statements. In this video, I'm going to answer >> go viral and the ones that are in the middle, five out of 10 on the boldness scale, just average. Then both a lot of B- rolls in the hook and absolutely no B-roll in the hook are doing well on YouTube. If you get something in the middle, it loses the pace. And when I was listening to all of that advice and was applying it to my channel without knowing why exactly everything works, I was that person in the middle who's not sure what's going on and pretty overwhelmed about how to make a killer hook. Like in this video for example, I was told that screen sharing the document for my types of videos are going to do super well. So I started to do that and it killed my retention. But for some people it works like crazy. And then I realized this is not about screen share or not screen share background or not background heavy editing or minimal editing bureau or no B- rolls. This is about what causes that initial stare. You know when you see a handsome guy in the gym you're like you can't help but you look at them. They managed to provoke that initial stare that hooked your eyes. So, as with that guy, most of the guys are average, but you saw that wonderful, handsome guy, and you couldn't stop staring at them. And that's because they are beauty is the pattern interrupt. Pattern interrupt is the difference between what people commonly see and what they've never seen before. Now, listen closely because I'm going to show you the viral hook pattern that are working right now. And I do suggest using them as soon as possible because even though pattern interrupts are a cheat code, they tend to get fatigued. People start seeing them over and over again and they stop being pattern interrupt. So, these are the ones that are working right now. Let's go. A ton of B-rolls, especially if they describe people's pain. Pro tip, don't use stock generic B-roll. Just use yours. Take one filming session to record all the B- rolls that might be applicable for your niche and use those B- rolls with every single video. A recognizable object or logo behind your back. Actually, everything behind you is doing good for the hook, but especially if it's recognizable. Getting straight to it, like absence of the hook is one of the best hooks. Unexpected object in the frame. We know how well it works for the short form, but it's the same thing for long form. Present an object like a balloon, a cup, a pen, whatever. A microphone actually works too. Blurred content preview. This one's really simple and really amazing. So, blur the stops, the points that you're going to discuss in the video, and this way you'll build curiosity. Famous people's or brands. This is one of the best viral patterns to show something recognizable, whether these are people or some logos of big companies. Interactive captions. Compare. These are normal captions and these are interactive captions. So, as you can see, they help you guide your eyes, but they're also not very boring that people just give up reading them. And one of the best things is when you combine several of those viral hook patterns in one hook. So, here I told you what to do, but it will still not work if you're doing these mistakes. So, let's check what we shouldn't do in the hook. First, heavy editing. It died in 2016, and it's time to forget about it. Deep breaths and long pauses. Most of us were taught that we earn rest later. >> So if you're listening to me and they are okay throughout the video, but for the hook, it's got to be more punchy and more faster paced. Zoom calls. If your video starts with just two guests of a Zoom call, this is an immediate turnoff. The next one is really disrespectful. Do not start your video with a long explanation of welcome to my channel. Today I'm going to be talking about types of statements. Here are some really bad examples. Don't repeat them. Today I am joined by Daryl Vander. >> Welcome to the podcast today. Hey guys, welcome back to the channel. >> That's one of my favorite logo animations or like intro breaks with your, you know, branded animation. >> Hello everyone. Then no person hooks. If you're just showing a B-roll without yourself or some graphs, this is not engaging enough. People need people and that's why show yourself in the hook most of the time. The next one is what I call me me hook. when you start your video from I am this, this, and that, and I've been thinking to record this video, and my whole life I've been interested in blah blah blah. Unless it's like a couple sentences of credibility, what you've achieved in terms of this topic, don't do that, please. Here are some really bad examples. >> My name is Colin and I just crossed over into my 40s. >> This is my first video. Um, >> but you know, before you even think about the hook, you've got to pick the right idea. If the idea matches the hook, boom, you got the really juicy retention graph. Because no matter how good of a hooker you are, if you've chosen a topic only two people are interested in, it will not work and it will not grow your channel. So, if you want to elaborate a great idea and package it into the winning title, then download my 100 viral title templates. I think it's an amazing dog. I myself use it pretty much every day. So, grab it by the link in the description. And if you are a business owner and you want to grow and sell on YouTube, then there's also a link in the description for you to book a call. Otherwise, I'll see you in this

  Top Comments:
  1. @littlenestliving [1 likes]: Really good advice, thanks!
  2. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Nice framing. I’d focus on one clean hook pattern per video so creators can test it fast — the simpler the promise, the easier it is to improve retention.
  3. @yashhbansal: Writen down all the points ☺

- Unlocking the Secrets to Crafting Viral Video Hooks: Kind: captions Language: en stop what is the difference between this okay hi Jeep this is going to be just a quick speak test of the HTC One X and this five minutes to get not one not two but in even of the rarest limited edition smartphones on the planet the difference is in the visual and audio hooks which means this video will grab the attention that gets your audience invested in your video this is how you can create one viral video idea and create multiple hooks that are actionable through editing and gain views and make you a ton of money in the process to start you will need to convince people to watch your video even before pressing the play button which is all done in the title and thumbnail this is a very important part to creating a good hook to the audience wanting to be entertained or more so gain value which should be the main factor in creating a good hook take an example of Mr Beast video I survived 50 hours in Antarctica while Antarctica's average annual temperature ranges from about -10 to a warping minus 60 degrees below zero which is very cold and he uses his thumbnail to visually explain how impossible it is to survive in the Antarctica which translates on you clicking in the video however a good title and thumbnail won't make a viral hit unless it has a good video intro we just landed in Antarctica and we're gonna survive the next 50 hours here we're literally at the bottom of the globe at the coldest place on Earth can't wait to freeze to them and there goes the place all right see you later and now that that plane has left voice there's no way out for the next 50 hours a good

- Terraria Hook Guide: Crafting & Comparison of ALL Grappling Hooks! (Best, Material/Recipe etc.): Kind: captions Language: en hey there people so today I am giving you my guide to all of the grappling hooks in terraria I will be telling you how to get every hook in the game giving a stats comparison for all the hooks demonstrating them where it's useful to do so I'm not going to show you every single one but I'm gonna be starting with how to get and use a grappling hook the best and easiest hooks for crafting including the material and recipe and I'll be covering all platforms some are only available with the 1.3 Update I'll show those towards the end and tell you which platforms that applies to so getting started all hooks are crafted at a regular iron or led anvil except for the lunar hook I'll tell you about that one at the very end there is a dedicated slot to equip a grappling hook and you'll find that in your equipment it's here underneath your mount slot you have a grappling hook slot and there are a couple of hooks that you can craft pretty early in the game that will get you started very nicely the basic grappling hook this is in pre hard mode craftable hooks I'm going to talk about first the basic grappling hook is just one hook and three chains and you get hooks from skeletons undead minors hoplites and undead vikings each of those has a one in 25 chance of giving you a hook or you have a one in 30 chance of getting a hook from piranhas so those earlier enemies those are all various areas underground piranhas you can find at any level of the jungle and you can craft ten chains from one iron or LED bar at an anvil and you get the hook from one of those enemies and then you can make a grappling hook it's three chains and one hook again at the anvil and there's your basic grappling hook it has 19 reach and 11.5 velocity so reach is how far it's gonna go when you fire it out and velocity is how fast so you can see it doesn't quite get to that platform I put there but it's so it's a perfectly good grappling hook to start out it is the only one that's actually called the grappling hook and I've created my reach o meter over here to show you how far these go so these blue torches are every five and you can see it's just short of the fourth one and this is counted from the height of your character up if you're firing it up and it's just from the side of your character if you're firing it sideways so that's your basic grappling hook now you can also early on make hooks from gems and depending which type of gem you use that's actually going to determine how far and how fast how much reach and how much velocity you get so the easiest one to make probably because you're probably going to find amethyst most easily is the amethyst hook I have and I have one of these here and I've color-coded how far that one reaches so the different gem types 15 of any single type of gem at your anvil so 15 amethyst you can make your amethyst hook and that's how far that reaches you can also use topaz it'll reach to more sapphire will reach to more emerald will reach to more yet Ruby will reach to more after that and Diamond I'm going to show you here I got 15 diamonds and this is how you do it 15 diamonds at your anvil and there you go and if you are on PC you can just right-click to swap that in I think your alternate button will do that on other platforms and there you go diamond hook reaches to where the white ones are and that is 28 reach so it goes anywhere from 18 reach for the amethyst to 28 reach for the diamond and everywhere in between starting velocity is 10 for amethyst and 12.5 is the highest for the diamond hook basically each higher tier gem adds an extra to reach and an extra point 5 velocity there is no amber hook by the way and yeah as far as using it default key on PC is your iki and if you're on mobile you'll actually just swipe from your character towards the surface that you want to grapple to if you're on a console you should have a button for that this is so yeah the next one that you can get in the game is the IV whip so the IV whip is arguably the best one in pre hard mode arguably overall it's got the nicest combination of stats it's twelve jungle spores and three vines again always at your anvil and that is your IV width so the IV whip has a reach of 25 and has a velocity of 13 so you can see it's not quite as long of a reach as the diamond or even the ruby but it does have a higher velocity than any of the gem hooks and one thing that sets this one apart versus those other early ones is that it has three hooks or lash points and so you can see I can actually fire multiple up to three of these hooks out and it will attach up to three times and that's something that becomes more important as you get to some of the more advanced hooks so now we'll talk about those are all the craftable ones in pre hard mode will now talk about the non craftable wall ones I'm going to tell you about all of them I'm only going to demo a couple of them probably the easiest one arguably defined is the webslinger the webslinger has the shortest reach actually of any of them in the game it's just a reach of 16 and a velocity of 10 but the special thing about this like the IV whip it fires multiple hooks and this one actually fires up to eight now I have to go somewhere where there's more surfaces to latch onto to to actually show how many but there you go it will fire up to eight at once it does have a short reach however you can also get a Skeletron hand it's about a 1 and a chance to drop from Skeletron when you defeat Skeletron that's a 20 to reach 15 velocity to hooks not going to show you that one slime hook is about a 1 in 3 chance to drop from king slime has a 20 reach 10 velocity and 3 hooks or latch points slime hook is not available on three es apparently the fish hook also is a one in sixty chance from doing your angler fishing quests there's a 1 in 60 chance the angler will give that to you as a reward for a fishing quest it has a 25 reach 13 velocity and two hooks almost equals the IV wick whip except for one less latch point and I will show you the candy cane hook because I happen to have one umm this is a one in a hundred and fifty-nine chance from presents during the Christmas event now if you're spending time during the Christmas event one in 159 doesn't sound like much but you're gonna get a lot of presents so there's a reasonable chance you'll get it and I did it has a reach of 25 has 11.5 velocity only one hook though and so you can see if you only have one hook and this applies to the earlier ones and some other ones as well normally as you send out a hook you'll actually detach and then reattach to the other surface that you're hooking to and that's going to become important the last pre hardmode hook that you can get that I'm going to talk about is the bat hook which is similar idea to the candy hook it's a 1 in 159 from goodie bags during the Halloween event now the difference is that it actually has the longest reach and the highest velocity of any hook in pre hard mode or at least available in pre hard mode it's a 32 reach and 15.5 velocity longest and fastest but again like the candy cane hook it only has one hook or one latch point so that's why it's not the best overall arguably anyway so let's move on to hard mode now hard mode all but one of the hard mode hooks are not craftable there is only one that is craftable so I'm going to tell you about all of these I'll demonstrate a few of them because there are some special ones so first up is the dual hook so the dual hook is a 1 in 70 chance to be dropped from mimics it has a 28 reach 14 velocity quite respectable 2 hooks but only one latches at a time and that's why it's called the dual hook you notice when I have the the candy cane hook I can only as I fire out because it only has one hook as I fire it out it detaches from the first surface and then attaches to the other surface why this is called the dual hook it will only latch in one place but it will keep you hooked until it relaxes and you can see that way I'm not falling and so on that's the idea of the dual hook and so that is a 1 in 70 from regular mimics now the spooky hook I also happen to have is from the pumpkin moon event it is dropped by morning wood and it's a variable chance of being dropped there's also a Christmas hook dropped by ever scream in the frost moon so depending what wavier on for each of those events the pumpkin moon and the frost moon morning wood in the pumpkin moon and ever screen in the frost moon will drop respectively the spooky hook and the Christmas hook they are the stats for the two of them are the same that's why I mentioned them together also because the events are sort of similar but they both have the same stats 35 reach which is obviously quite long and 15 and a half velocity and they each have three hooks so again they have that ability to attach to multiple places again moving along to some other ones there are the rest of the ones I'm going to talk about actually are only available since the 1.3 update so basically if you're on a platform that does not have the 1.3 update you can only get the ones I've talked about already um if you do have the 1.3 update which is right now available only on PC ps4 and Xbox one it will be coming to mobile platforms iOS and Android and it will also come to the Nintendo switch version whenever that gets released you have some additional hooks that are available so there's the thorn hook which is a one in 10 chance of being dropped by plantera there's the worm hook which is a one in five chance of being dropped by a corrupt mimic and the illuminant hook which is the one I'm going to show you which is a one in four chance of being dropped by the hallow'd mimic those three all have the same stats 30 reach 15 velocity and three hooks so again similar to the spooky hook and the Christmas hook but just a slightly lower velocity and a shorter reach but there you go 30 and you can see makes it up to just about the sixth blue torch that I put there and that's the illuminant hook same stat as the thorn hook dropped by plantera and the worm hook dropped by a corrupted memory now there is also a tendon hook which is a 1 in 5 chance of being dropped by a crimson mimic which is the same as those three I just talked about except it just reaches one tile further for some reason so it has a reach of 31 instead of 30 like the other three that I just talked about now there's also the anti-gravity hook and this one's pretty cool it's a 1 in 9 chance of being dropped by the Martian saucer during the Martian madness event so it has a 31 reach 14 velocity and 3 hooks doesn't sound too impressive but it has some differences and so basically you can when you hook to surfaces you can then sort of orbit around the surface and yeah you can have up to 3 latch points and you can see how that works basically that's why it's called the anti-gravity hook because it keeps you at a certain distance it actually keeps you at exactly 12 tiles from the latch point and allows you to orbit and as you can see it does have 3 latch points so that gets kind of funky when you attach to multiple point I guess it looks like it just picks one as far as that 12 tile distance but anyway that's how the anti-gravity hook works and if we latch from above it still has the same effect for whatever reason it doesn't seem to want to orbit past oh no yeah you can then use the up and down so you can use back and forth to orbit that way and then you can use up and down to go the rest of the way around so there you go you can't actually orbit all the way around with the anti-gravity hook now there's also the static hook which is a really cool one as well is bought from the steampunker for 50 gold after you defeat one mechanical boss the steampunker shows up and you can buy the static hook for 50 gold it actually has the longest reach of any hook in the game at 37 it has a reach of 37 it's considered a variable velocity and it has two hooks but you can see here this is why it's called the static hook you can actually choose how far away from the surface you are and you just obviously push the directions to choose how far away you want to be and you can basically hover in a certain spot with this which makes it very cool and the other thing is technically it has two hooks but like the dual hook only one is latched at a time so you can have yourself in place here and then I can just hook to another surface and decide how far I want to be from that so there you go that's the static hook it is very unique and actually pretty easily available because once you defeat a mechanical boss you can buy that from the steampunk or 450 gold now the only hook that is craftable in hard mode and also only available since the 1.3 update for the platforms that have that is the lunar hook the lunar hook is the also the only one you will not craft at the anvil you'll come to your ancient manipulator that's this thing that you get from defeating the lunatic cultists and you craft it from six of each of the type of fragments that you get during the lunar event so basically this is the latest hook in the game that you can get right near the end of the game after you defeat the four pillars you're probably not gonna have time to do it before you fight the Moon Lord but technically you could anyway it's six of each type of fragment from the four types of pillars at your ancient manipulator and here it is the lunar hook and there we go and it has the funniest tooltip I that I noticed anyway um you want the moon just grapple it and pull it down and it's a good hook it's 35 reach 16 velocity and 4 hook or latch point so yeah I'm not sure that might be the fastest in the game but yeah it's just and you'll see it has the four latch points and each one uses the graphics from a different one of the lunar pillars so I guess that's it looks cool as well as being pretty functional hook and having some pretty good stats and that is all of the hooks or the grappling hooks or the grapple hooks whatever you want to call them in Terraria so I hope you liked the video thanks for watching please subscribe if you haven't already and I will see you next time bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @thatonesuperrandomguy8725 [2 likes]: I like to pretend im the venom from Spider-Man 3 with the slime hook
  2. @mcpeshowcase7125 [2 likes]: I see your a nice youtuber, give this man a subscribe
  3. @notmetagaming [1 likes]: The candy cane hook from  presents is really good also, not sure how far or the velocity but its better than most imo
  4. @Shyguybleh [1 likes]: Wow this many hooks and I used a ruby one  my whole game
  5. @licentient [1 likes]: HOW DO I USE IT
  6. @brunocerous [1 likes]: Good 
😀👍🏼
  7. @gabrielbryson8854: Dual is a one in SEVEN chance drop from mimics I think. It’s one of its featured drops
  8. @Survivor72110: There is an amber hook
  9. @ahabsbane: I'm super late to both terraria, and your wonderful videos, just wanted to say thanks for sharing your wisdom and experience, really helps this old guy trying to complete his first expert run!
  10. @harrybaker5: good guide I think the spider one is longer now, it feels bigger than ameythst. Its so cool but you have to  jump cancel to really move anywhere
  11. @mauricionunez6103: How did i get the dual grapple though
  12. @AyaanKhan-yuiop: i dont understad the topaz hook
  13. @stranger5011: I Just made my first one with Saphire
  14. @EvilNecroid: i cant craft the ivy whip
ive got vines and jungle spores but nothing is coming up
  15. @yhaiji: thanks
  16. @boomerangjaksak: why this nigga sound like bobs burger
  17. @The_Lucky621: Thank you this is Super helpful keep doing what you are doing.
  18. @goofz5587: what do u press to use it
  19. @Mark_Bullet: Video: craft grappling hook using chain and hook
Me who got mine by trading with the zoologist
  20. @gloamingglitch-studios: What’s the longest hook and best?

- Unleash Your Song's Potential: Crafting a Killer Hook or Melody: Kind: captions Language: en when it comes to songwriting one of the most important elements is starting with a strong hook or Melody that grabs the listener's attention right from the beginning a hook is essentially a catchy musical phrase or lyric that gets stuck in your head and makes you want to listen more without a strong hook it's easy for a song to fall flat and lose the listener's interest so how do you go about creating a strong hook one approach is to start by brainstorming musical ideas or phrases that are memorable and unique this could be a catchy guitar riff a memorable drum beat or a vocal Melody that is instantly recognizable once you've come up with a few ideas try combining them in different ways until you find a combination that really pops another approach is to focus on creating a strong Melody that hooks The Listener in right from the beginning a good Melody is memorable easy to sing along to and captures the emotional essence of the song it should also complement the lyrics and help to convey the message of the song you could start by playing around with different chord progressions and Melodies on the piano or guitar until you find something that feels right of course starting with a strong hook or Melody is just the beginning to create a truly great song you'll need to build on that foundation with strong lyrics interesting instrumentation and engaging Arrangements but by starting with a strong hook or Melody you'll be setting yourself up for success and increasing your chances of grabbing the listener's attention right from the start in summary starting with a strong hook or Melody is a crucial element of successful songwriting by brainstorming musical ideas focusing on creating a memorable Melody and building on that foundation with strong lyrics and Arrangements you'll be well on your way to creating a great song that captures the listener's attention and keeps them engaged from beginning to end

  Top Comments:
  1. @NAVIURTALKSTUDIO [1 likes]: Super fire sick man love it

- How I “Solved” Short Form Video Hooks (Just Copy Me): Kind: captions Language: en What's the difference between a video that gets 5,000 views and one that gets 5 million views? It's probably the first 3 seconds. Everyone is a content creator now, and the landscape has completely changed in the past 12 months where even regular business owners are now spending tens of thousands of dollars on coaching just to optimize their videos. So, if your hooks are average or just okay, you're going to get left behind in 2025. Lucky for you, I've turned hooks into a simple science. We've generated over 5 billion views for our clients. And there's a common thread between the most viral videos we've created that generate a lot of lead flow regardless of industry. And if you still aren't convinced, we literally write three unique hooks for every single short form video that goes out for our clients on all platforms. My team thought this was crazy until they realized how important this was for getting people results. Today, I'm going to show you the psychology behind why hooks work, the exact hook formulas we use, and how you can trap viewers into these crucial first few seconds. So, there is a hook crisis in 2025. And one of the biggest things that you want to follow is the 3-second rule. See, your ideal customer is scrolling through their feed at lightning speed, and in the first 3 seconds, their brain makes a split decision of is this worth my time or not. If your hook doesn't immediately grab them, they're gone forever. Most people are making this decision in milliseconds per piece of content. And there's a few reasons why most business owners get this wrong. See, most approach hooks like writing a college essay where they want to ease into the topic, provide context, and introduce themselves first. Say, "Hi, this is Logan Foresight here. I'm X, Y, and Z." And you immediately lose the attention of the viewers. You should not do this. See, if you have a weak hook, then the viewer experience is in the first second they're wondering, "What is this about?" Second second, they're thinking, "This seems boring." and then third second they're swiping versus if you have a strong hook the viewer experience in the first second is wait what is this second second is I need to know more and then third second is all right I'm going to watch this and they commit to watching your video you see strong hooks create something called cognitive tension where the brain can't move on until it gets the answer so there's important psychology behind creating irresistible hooks and one of the biggest pillars is the curiosity gap see your brain hates incomplete information and so when you create a curiosity gap. That's a gap between what you know and what you want to know. The brain becomes obsessed with filling that gap and great hooks exploit this by promising valuable information without revealing it immediately. A lot of people make the mistake of giving away the entire enchilada right up front in the video of telling them the lesson of the video or the lesson of the story right at the start. You want to promise valuable information, but don't reveal the entire lesson immediately right up front. And don't do this in your caption as well. You want to create questions that demand answers and you can hint at surprising or counterintuitive information. Another psychology pillar of this is using pattern interrupts. See, viewers are in a scrolling trance, seeing similar content repeatedly, and great hooks break that pattern and force attention. Some easy examples are stop doing this or everyone gets this wrong and they interrupt the expected pattern because they're going against the grain of what everyone deems as acceptable on this common topic or this relatable topic. And the third big pillar is the stakes framework. You see, every great hook establishes stakes and answers what happens if I don't watch this. So for business owners, stakes might be missing out on revenue, falling behind competitors, or wasting money on ineffective strategies. and you can establish that upfront in your hook and make them feel as if they don't watch that video, they're more likely to experience the consequences of those common mistakes. Through this process, we've identified five hook formulas that consistently generate millions of views but also translate into leads, sales, revenue, and profit for your business where we're not just chasing vanity metrics. Formula one is the mistake reveal. So the structure can be the number one mistake that target audience makes with common topic. So an example is the number one mistake coaches make with their content that's costing them seven figures. Why this works is that nobody wants to make expensive mistakes and so this creates immediate urgency. A business application of this could be a marketing consultant could use the number one mistake small businesses make with Facebook ads that waste 80% of their budget. The second hook formula is the counterintuitive truth. See the structure you can use for this is why common belief is actually hurting your desired outcome. So an example could be why posting daily is actually killing your engagement. And why this works is it challenges what people think that they know which creates cognitive dissonance. A business application of this could be a fitness coach that uses the hook why doing cardio every day is actually preventing you from losing weight. Formula number three is the transformation tease. And the structure of this is how I went from bad situation to good situation in X time frame. So, an example would be how I went from 10 leads a month to 1,000 leads a month on social media in 90 days. Why this works is because people want transformation and this promises a road map in a specific time frame. So, a business application of this for a real estate agent could be how I went from two home sales per year to 50 home sales per year using this one strategy. The fourth hook formula is the urgent warning. The structure of this is stop doing something before negative consequence happens. So an example would be stop using these hashtags before Instagram shadowbans your account. Why this works is because fear of loss is more powerful than desire for gain. So another business application of this could be an accountant saying stop making these tax mistakes before the IRS audits your business. Hook formula number five is the secret reveal. The structure of this is number of secrets that this authority figure doesn't want you to know. So an example would be three YouTube secrets Mr. beast doesn't want you to know. And why this works is because everyone loves insider information and it feels like they're getting exclusive access. So, an example business application of this for a contractor could be five secrets home improvement stores don't want you to know about buying materials. So, now here's a huge secret that nobody does, nobody talks about. And having this can be an ultimate edge for building your brand on socials, and that is hook testing. and why we write three variations for every single hook that we put together for the scripts for our clients. We refer to this as the split test strategy because hooks are the highest leverage point in your entire video. And the best video in the world means nothing if the hook doesn't work. It's like having the best product but terrible packaging. And so how you can actually test hooks in your organic content that nobody else does is by creating three variations using different formulas that we're talking about and then post them as separate videos across sub accounts per platform. You cannot do this if you only have one main account per platform. If you only have one Instagram account, one YouTube channel, one Tik Tok, etc. You cannot post three videos with three separate hooks on that same account because the same audience is going to be exposed to those videos. But if you have sub accounts, then you can do this. And so instead of just having one account on Instagram, go in and create two additional sub accounts that are still branded to you. An example we can use is Tony Robbins. Instead of Tony Robbins just having his main account at Tony Robbins, he can also go in and create branded to him, such as Tony Robbins talks, Tony Robbins reals, Tony Robbins clips, so on and so forth. And having that would allow him to then split test hooks for every single video. Again, the hook alone can be the difference between a video getting 5 million views and 5,000 views. And this also 3xes your output of every single video that you create and produce and post on socials. Therefore, giving you three at bats to hit another viral home run compared to just one per video and then crossing your fingers hoping that it's going to work. When you do this, you now actually have much more data to go off of from split testing the hooks to truly understand what works the best. track performance on all of this within the first 24 to 72 hours. And then you want to triple down on the hook formulas and the topics that are working the best. And if you have a proven hook on a sub account, you can always then post that same hook and video on your main account as well, which is going to drive more performance there. The sub accounts can also all funnel back to your main socials by having your main account tagged in the post and the content in the captions as pin comments. You can have your main handle in the bio of the accounts. There's a lot of different ways to funnel this traffic back. Now, this truly is some sauce. And this truly is one of the biggest formulas to win on social media today. And if it sounds like a lot, I get it. And if you want a team to do this for you, this is exactly what we do for all of our clients. We're very specific about who we work with because we only want to create top level case studies and have very long relationships with clients and know with 100% confidence that we're going to win when going into a relationship. The way we work, we put a lot of skin in the game with each of our clients by working largely performance-based and then we guarantee satisfaction and results where if we don't win for you, we don't make any profit and we can actually lose money and lose opportunity as part of the partnership. This works specifically if you are a business that's doing minimum 3 million per year in revenue and you have a focus on content and scaling your brand on socials. If that's you, check out the description below and you can apply to work with us. And we also have a full training video showing you exactly how all this works. So, let's go through some bad hook versus good hook examples. So, bad hook examples could be, "Hey everyone, welcome back to my channel. Today, I want to talk about marketing strategies. Why this is bad is because it has no urgency, no curiosity, and no stakes." Another bad hook example is in this video I'm going to show you some tips for growing your business. Why this is bad is because it's vague. It has no specific benefit and it sounds generic. Another bad example is let me introduce myself and tell you about my company. Why this is bad is because it makes it about you and not your viewers problems. So now let's get into some good hook examples. A good hook could be this one email template generated 2.3 million in revenue for my client. Why this works is because it's a specific number. It promises value through a template and it creates curiosity. Another good hook can be, "I analyzed 1,000 failed businesses and found that they all made the same three mistakes." Why this works is because it creates authority, promises to help avoid failure, and provide specific numbers. Another good hook example is the marketing strategy that Coca-Cola uses, but won't teach you. And why this works is because it leverages an authority figure, has secret information, and therefore has exclusivity. Now, with all that said, hooks aren't only what you say, they're also what viewers see. And so therefore, we have visual hooks as well. And visual hooks can be just as powerful as verbal hooks. And sometimes the visual is the hook before you even speak in a video. So a few of the top visual hook strategies that we use are pattern interrupts where something visually unexpected happens in the first frame. You have high energy moments where you have action, movement or dramatic gestures. You can use props and objects which are physical items that create curiosity. You can have location changes which are unique or interesting backgrounds. Text overlays also can crush it, which are bold statements that complement your verbal hook. So, a visual hook for a business coach could be filming content in your PJ or maybe you're filming in a nice area with a big room behind you to have big spaces. You need to generally have more wealth. Posting content of you speaking on stage or a bunch of people watching you and asking you questions. All of these showcase subtle visual cues that you are an authority and therefore someone that people should listen to on socials. A visual hook for an agency could be showing multiple videos going viral. A video hook for a fitness coach could be before and after transformation photos as you speak. For a restaurant, it could be a close-up of an incredible dish that's being prepared. And then the most powerful hooks combine strong verbal and visual elements together. The visual grabs the attention and then the verbal hook keeps them watching. You can think of the visual as the thumbnail in motion for your video. And the first frame should be as compelling as your first words. And now let's get into some advanced hook psychology. And first we can start with the specificity principle. You see, specific numbers and details make hooks more believable and compelling. So if you compare a vague hook of how to make a lot of money to a specific hook of how to make $1 million per month, the specific version creates a clearer picture and feels more achievable and desirable and also speaks much more direct and specific to the person that you want to be speaking to and attracting for your content. Next, we have the authority transfer, which is where you're mentioning recognizable names or companies and it borrows their authority for your content. A great example is the Coca-Cola marketing secrets that they don't want you to know hook example that I gave you earlier. Next is we have the time constraint. So adding time elements creates more urgency in your hooks. So you could start by saying in the next 60 seconds or before 2025 or this week only. And what this does is it taps into fear of missing out and creates immediate action. So, let's tie this together and give you some actionable takeaways and create a hook checklist. So, before publishing your next video, create this checklist and ask yourself, does my hook create curiosity or high emotion? Are there stakes? What happens if they don't watch? Is it specific? Make promises don't work? Does it pattern interrupt? Does it stand out? And can I make it more urgent? As another action step and exercise, you can go out there and find hook inspiration for your content and study other industries and see what's working. So much of the time you can apply those same content types and frameworks to your industry. And if you are a first mover on that proven content from a different space that applies it to your space, many times it'll crush there as well. This doesn't just apply to content. This applies to business strategy in general. And a lot of people pigeon hole themselves by only looking at their industry alone. But I digress. You want to go out there and find at least 50 high engagement videos. And the more of this you do, the better you're going to get. To keep it simple with this, you can use Tik Tok search, which is the top search engine platform for short form video content. And you can also use a Google Chrome extension called Sortfeed, which will sort the top ranking and top performing content for specific accounts on Instagram and Tik Tok. All you need to do is grab a cup of coffee, block out 3, four hours, and then go through this process. Find those videos, write down their hooks on a Google or Excel sheet, and then look for patterns and formulas to create your swipe file for future hook inspiration that you use as well. Now, if you run a business doing over 3 million per year and you want our team to handle your entire content strategy and just manage everything for you, including writing the scripts, coming up with a content strategy, using those three hook variations per video, taking ownership over all of the lead genen and conversion that comes from your socials, working with only top level talent as social media experts, top level quality editing, and only working with the best for your team of social media experts, the managers, top quality quality editing, the graphic design that we put in, and overall taking the approach where we can fully script out videos for you, have three hook variations. Every single script includes CTAs to drive lead genen and therefore sales for your business while also tapping into the most growth that you've ever seen on your socials. Doing this with performance-based pricing and satisfaction guaranteed, where we put skin in the game with you, and overall coming in with the systems and the team where all you have to do is film less than 2 hours per month. Our team will handle the rest and post over 420 times per month for you minimum. And we can go much higher to thousands of posts per month and drive more results than you've ever seen. And if you want to learn how we've generated over 1 million organic leads from social media with our clients, check out the video that you see right here. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cappro338 [1 likes]: 💩💩💩💩💩💩
  2. @Shortshorts10000: dont worry i will copy
  3. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Strong angle — I’d keep the promise super concrete and make the opening 3–5 seconds show the result before explaining the formula.
  4. @markmusgrave5091: Apparently not.
  5. @Contentbyjade: Thank for you this this is really helpful!!
  6. @EricY989: Will the content published by the brand sub-account be judged to be duplicated and cause flow restrictions if it is published on the main brand account?
  7. @zaneziyane07: Wish to grow with other small YouTubers!!!😀
  8. @DevendraNagvanshi-x4f: This was packed with good info! I’ve been looking for ways to grab attention fast. By the way, I read about Lyftgram for getting some extra views on my content, sounds promising!
  9. @PranjalDesh: Man, the psychology behind these hooks is so cool. I never thought about it like that. Thanks for the tips! Also, I’ve seen Lyftgram pop up for help with engagement—might have to try it!
  10. @DANZERPLAYZ3424: Awesome content! The split testing method you described sounds like a game changer. Heard of Lyftgram for more likes and views, might give it a shot too!
  11. @MdNaeem-w5e: This was packed with good info! I’ve been looking for ways to grab attention fast. By the way, I read about Lyftgram for getting some extra views on my content, sounds promising!
  12. @Adityasanglegaming: Man, the psychology behind these hooks is so cool. I never thought about it like that. Thanks for the tips! Also, I’ve seen Lyftgram pop up for help with engagement—might have to try it!
  13. @TchedreAkison: Awesome content! The split testing method you described sounds like a game changer. Heard of Lyftgram for more likes and views, might give it a shot too!
  14. @drawClover: Thank you so much ❤
  15. @TechBossNG: Wow!!! This is information overload Pro Max!!!
  16. @tamil2china: Thank you ❤❤❤
  17. @ZirkoMirko: great vid and info
  18. @GuitarQuackery: Posted four months ago, this video has 4.8K views (that's less than 5K). What was it, again, that you want to teach us?
  19. @smomof5boys: Good info!
  20. @krystianmynarski6390: 7:24 Tony Robbin Stalks <3

- How to Create a Killer Hook (Impossible to Skip): Kind: captions Language: en If you want your videos to perform better, you have to learn how to craft a winning hook. Now, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out when it comes to hooks, most people struggle with the same four things. And the good news is these are all very fixable if you know what to look for. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of those things down. The core mistakes you're making, and the exact tactics for how you can fix them immediately. By the way, I know this works because content is all I do all day long. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And I've grown two separate personal brands in two different spaces. So, if you use this video as a checklist when you're making hooks, I guarantee you will get more views and your videos will be impossible to skip. All right, the first hook mistake is a big one. It's called single subject, single question. It's actually very simple. In order for a hook to work, it only needs to do two things. One, it needs to focus the viewer's attention on a single topic. And two, it has to plant the same question in every viewer's head. If you have 50,000 people watch a video, the goal is that after the hook, all 50,000 of them are aligned and curious about the same thing. For example, if I started a video like this, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. Is that a compelling hook? Well, first, what do you think the subject of the video is going to be based on that sentence? Most people would say it's going to be about the ways I grew, some growth tips or lessons learned, but it's a bit vague and unclear. Some might think I meant mindset growth. Others might think I meant business [music] growth. Even others might think I meant literal muscle growth or even YouTube growth. And see that is a huge problem in lack of clarity because the way I wrote that assumed you would know what type of growth I meant. When you write hooks, you cannot assume the viewer has any embedded information before watching the video. And that is a huge mistake I see people make. If the set of yours is fragmented in what their understanding of the topic is, then a lot of them are going to be really confused when the next sentence you say doesn't connect to the previous one. And that confusion is really why viewers don't hook and they churn. They don't churn because they don't like you. They churn because the story you start telling stops making sense and they can't follow it. And so the lesson is the way you write the first couple sentences in the hook has to be unmistakably clear and focused on a single subject. Now, the other piece of this is the question that pops in the viewer's head after they hear your hook. Cuz we all know hooks are supposed to create curiosity, right? Well, the best hooks plants the same question in every viewer's mind. So, if we go back to the original example, here are the three ways I grew the most last year. What question pops in your mind after hearing that? Well, some might say, what are the three ways? I'm ready to hear them. Others might say, grew how? What exactly are you talking about when you say growth? And even others might say, who is this guy? Why should I care how he grew? Is that going to relate or help me at all? That's three different questions popping up in different viewers' minds, which means there are three different curiosity paths that viewers are going down. And again, twothirds of them are going to be confused when the next sentence doesn't connect. This lack of clarity in the subject and the curiosity is why your hooks are not hooking. Okay, so now I'm going to tell you how to solve for this. Imagine I wrote that example hook like this. These are the three best methods for business owners to grow faster on YouTube. Now, the subject is unmistakably clear. the methods for how business owners are going to grow on YouTube. And there's only one main question that should be in everyone's mind when they hear that. What are the methods? I'm ready to hear them. Tell me. See, by adding that clarity, we've narrowed the focus onto a single subject and a single question, which gets everybody on the same page for when we continue to tell the story from here. So, when I start the next sentence, everybody is following along. And I know this seems pretty basic, but like I said, this is the number one problem that the most people struggle with in all the videos that I've reviewed. people just are not clear enough in the way they frame their hooks. So, what are the specific tactics that you should use as a checklist when you're writing your hooks to make sure you're achieving this single subject, single question framework? For one, read the hook back after you write it and ask yourself this. Is it possible for someone to misunderstand the subject that I'm focused on? And once you're good with that, ask yourself, what question should pop in the viewer's mind based on hearing this sentence? The question should be something shock inducing that makes the viewer lean in. something like, "How is this possible? Is this real? Can you tell me more? I can't believe that. Is it true?" If you can't immediately identify what single question a viewer should have in their mind, then you need to rewrite the hook and go again. Now, one cheat code for accomplishing both of these things, the subject and question at the same time, is to just use a question hook. Literally ask the question in the hook that you want to plant in their mind. So, you might say something like, "How can a business owner grow on YouTube without spending 40 hours per week?" This achieves both the subject and question clarity at the same time. Now, the other way, if you don't want to ask the question literally, is to just study what the pros in your niche have already been successful with. Cuz here's the dirty little secret about social media. All the big people are copying everybody else, and all the small people are copying all the big people. They look at what works, they extract out the pattern, and then they remix it to make it work for their topic. And you can poo poo that all you want, but this is what all the top people are doing. So, if you want a faster way to figure out what hook structures have already worked in your niche, so you don't have to worry about misaligning on the subject in question, just use sandcastles.ai. That's literally why I built it. You can build a list of all the creators in your niche, look at all their top performing videos and the hooks for those videos, save those hooks as templates into the vault, and then reuse those templates when you're writing new scripts. It couldn't be easier. Either way, whether you use sand castles or not, you got to get to a single subject, single question clarity in your hook or it's [music] not going to hook. All right, hook mistake number two is the three hook misalignment. And you may have heard this before cuz I kind of pioneered it, but there's three types of hooks. The visual hook is what is shown on the screen. The spoken hook is what is said verbally by the creator, and the text hook is the text that's written on top of the visuals. If those three hook components are not perfectly aligned, the viewer is going to get confused and churn. For example, if I say, "There are three methods for brushing your teeth that will prevent cavities." But then I show you a visual of somebody eating candy. And then the text reads, "Gum health secrets revealed." Those three things seem like they're similar, but they're actually a little misaligned. One of them suggests brushing teeth, one of them suggests eating candy, and one of them suggests gum health. Now, most viewers could probably figure out how those three things go together if given enough time. But the problem is, as they're thinking through it, they're missing what you're saying. So, they're getting confused. Misalignment confuses the viewer because it makes them freeze, miss things, and then not know where the story has gone. So, above all else, you have to audit these three pieces in your hook and make sure they're aligned. And the tactical thing is just ask yourself this. Do all three of my hook components mean the same thing? If not, fix that immediately. Also, if you're not using text hooks, like you're not putting title text in addition to the caption in the first couple seconds, you really should be because it's way harder to get someone to understand what you mean with just two elements than it is with all three. So that is a surface area you must be using. Okay, let me just quickly show you an example of good and bad hook alignment. Watch the hook for this first video that I made a few weeks ago. This is the future of home design. Now if we analyze this for the first sentence, my spoken hook was this is the future of home design. My visual hook was a home being designed and my text hook was future of home design. See how those are literally perfectly aligned. Let's go to the second sentence. It's called Zuru. My spoken hook was it's called Zuru. My visual hook was literally a visual that said the word Zuru. And in this case, I didn't have a text hook because I didn't extend it to the second sentence. Let's go to the third sentence. And their AI software makes building your dream house [music] feel like you're playing a video game. My spoken hook was and their AI feel like you're playing a video game. My visual hook was videos of someone designing a house that looked like they were playing a video game. And in this case, I also didn't have a text hook cuz it didn't extend to the third sentence. You see how that video has perfect alignment across the three pieces. And because of that, you are perfectly clear on the subject, some futuristic home design software, and you're perfectly clear on the question that should pop in your mind. How does it work? That video got 2 million views. Certified banger, and it all works because the hook was perfectly aligned. Now, here's an example of bad hook alignment. And I'll just do a one sentence hook this time. Check this out. This company is sending shipping containers into space. My spoken hook was, "This company is sending shipping containers into space." My visual hook was a compilation of moon bases being built and some rockets. And my text hook was space cannons are so insane. Without playing it any further, can you assess what the subject of the video is going to be? Well, I said shipping containers. I showed spaceships. And I said space cannons. So, it's kind of not clear where I'm going next. And then for the question that should pop in your mind, it could be a number of things. What are space cannons? What does this have to do with space at all? Is this a real thing or some sci-fi thing? because it's not clear, the questions aren't clear, and you can see it's just not as crystal clear as the first one. It's still a cool idea, but because the hook alignment was off, [music] the clarity was off, and the hook did not retain. This small thing is the difference between 50,000 views and 5 million views. All right, hook mistake number three is that your visuals in the visual hook are not unique enough. They're just not popping off the page. Now, this doesn't mean you need more chaotic motion that makes no sense. What you need is visuals that contrast against what people typically see. If you look at your videos amongst a sea of others in your category, do you have enough visual differentiation to separate yours in the first 2 seconds? Because before a viewer can try to understand your video, they have to lift up their thumb and let it play in the first place. So getting these first couple seconds of visuals right is super critical. I call these scroll stopping visuals. Now, there are four main ways that you can upgrade your visuals to create this scroll stop effect. Number one is to use an attractive or unique-looking person. Number two is to use a recognizable person or subject. Maybe it's a celebrity, a brand logo people recognize, something where you can build relevance quickly. Number three is to use atypical visuals that contrast against what you typically see in your category. And number four is to use an atypical visual format or layout. The truth is, people need some kind of visual eye candy to stun them into initially giving your video a chance. It's crazy to say, but in 2026, people are going to be watching hundreds, if not thousands of videos per session, per day. And so, their brain is just tuned to filter out the normal stuff they always see. So, you need to figure out how to cut through visually. Now, one thing you can do is to improve your set or in world shots. These would be a-roll adjustments, the footage where the creator, you talking to the camera. You could use a real set, a studio, or a green screen, but you need some visuals that are intentionally different from what they typically see on the feed. Using static photos or photo compilations on the green screen effect is probably the lowest lift way to create some sort of visual differentiation. Option two is that you could change your B-roll selection either by using popular clips, popular movies, popular TV shows, or some footage that you can find that is highquality and different from your category. Option three is that you could use AI to generate visuals. With Nano Banana Pro and the newest Veo models, AI tools have gotten to the point where you can create pretty solid, compelling looking visuals that don't clock as AI to the average viewer. Now, if you're hot and charismatic, you may not need to do any of this. You can just shoot it with just you and let that fly and it'll probably work. But if you don't want to rely solely on that, you need to use one of these visual stun gun techniques to have your visuals pop off the page to the average viewer. The reality is the content world now has a minimum viable visual requirement. And if your visuals do not cut through above that level, people will not stop and give them a chance. So, here's my tactical advice. When you're scrolling, because we all do it, make it a point to like and save any video where the visuals make you stop and lift your thumb off the scroll, even if it's not in your niche. Make a habit to build a collection or folder of these visual stuns that you can use as a reference that you might use later. Here's a few rapidfire examples for a couple people I've seen in the last couple weeks that felt like they pioneered a little bit of a new look on the visual hook on an old style. The first one is Jamie Ganon aka Tech Bimbo is what she goes by. In this shot, which I really like at the beginning, she frames herself in the bottom half and uses white walls and ceilings above that negative space as a canvas to show interesting visuals. This is a very unique way to use negative space that I haven't seen very often. Here's a similar example from Mark at Open Residency. He has some of the best podcast clips out there. They're doing the same thing. They have the podcast set and they're using that negative space above as a canvas for visuals. Now, I'm sure the arb on this is going to close after people see this video, but right now that is a sneaky great way to add visual differentiation in the hook on the feed. All right, here's another example from this guy Sam John Creates where he uses the top and bottom black frames slowly closing to create anticipation. your eye goes to it and you don't want to scroll away because you want to see what happens when it fully gets closed. That's a really great visual hack that I think he came up with. Here's another one from me. This didn't really work very well, but I tried to do this like Tony Stark Iron Man overlay on my glasses and then take the glasses off in 1 second and have that overlay go away. Just trying to add some visual eye candy to get people to stop. I don't think it was executed perfectly, but that was an attempt from me. Here's a pretty basic one, but I think it works really well. this green screen effect where this guy in the corner is doing the typical green screen, but he added this white outline, this thick white stroke around him. And for whatever reason, my eye went to that and I didn't scroll away cuz it looked different. Now, these are just a few random ones. I have dozens and dozens of these saved cuz I build this habit of trying to save and favorite any videos that pop my eye visually. The point is, there are lots of ways to make your hook visuals pop in the first couple seconds. But regardless of which you choose, you have to make them pop or you will lose. Again, the easiest way to solve for this, like most of these recommendations, is just to search for the top creators in your niche and watch a couple hundred of their videos collectively as a cohort. Try to train your eye to figure out what are the buckets visually that they're using that are working for their best performing videos and then replicate that as a beginner. You could do this process on sand castles looking at all of them in a cohort or just scroll individually on Instagram. It's more noise on Instagram, but you could do that, too. The more options your brain can ingest, the easier it'll be to build a visual database in your own head where you'll [music] start pattern matching a lot more quickly. All right, so far we've talked about three huge hook mistakes. The first one is making sure the words you're using in your spoken hook are super clear so that they dial in on a single subject and a single question in the viewer's mind. The second one is making sure that the spoken hook, text hook, and visual hook, those three components, are perfectly aligned. And the third one was walking through a bunch of ways to use your visual hook to stun the viewer and pop off the feed so you add some visual differentiation that makes them lift their thumb. Now, the last hook mistake number four is all about the data. And I've kind of alluded to this a little bit already. The goal for any business owner when you're making content is to derisk your reps. It's going to take a lot of volume to win in content either way. But if you can get your hook hit rate from 1 in 20 down to 1 in5, it will completely change the effectiveness of that process for lead genen. Now, the way to increase that hit rate is to derisk your effort. And by drisk, I mean having a higher probability chance of your content working. The way you increase that probability is to study what's already worked. If you're trying to come up with new hooks from scratch every single rep, you are playing the content game on hard mode. you're risking the rest of that effort on the video on your guess for what maybe could work on that hook. You just shouldn't play the game this way. The best predictor of future success for hooks on your channel is to study the other hooks that have already won on your channel. So, first before you do anything else, before you look at any other creators, I would go to Sandcastles, go to the videos tab, go to the channels filter, pull up your channel, sort by views or outlier score, and study your top performing videos and the hooks that you used. Now, most people would write these down on a note or some Excel or Google sheet. But in sand castles, you can just click save to vault and we will build a ready for you template on any hook in one click. Now, if you want, you can then export those templates. We just added this feature that exports button. Export those to Google Sheets. You could use in Claude or Chat or you could use them directly in our script writing experience. But either way, the fastest path to get winning hooks is to use the previous hooks that you've already won with and turn them into templates and then adjust and remix for your new video. If you want to derisk your effort, you have to be using winners. It is an absolute must. Imagine I handed you a paid ad that had worked in the past and I was like, I need you to get me more sales. Are you not going to run that paid ad until it's out of juice? No. You're going to run it to the ground. That's exactly what using your hook winners that have already worked would be. All right. All right. Now, if you don't have any hook winners yourself, you're a beginner or you haven't cracked the content for yourself, what you then want to do is look at other creators in your niche, ideally that are executing with the same visual format as you. You want to hold as many variables constant between them and you, and look for people that are small to midsize. You don't want to look at the biggest people in your space for inspiration because their personal brands are so big that a lot of their success is based on their familiarity, not necessarily their execution. If you find a small or medium-sized creator that has a breakout, it's because the hook structure or the topic was actually validated. And again, you can use Sand Castles to build out these lists of the small or medium creators and look at all of their stuff in aggregate or you can just scroll one-on-one in the apps. But I'm telling you, this is why I built Sand Castle. I'm trying to lay the rails for business owners that don't actually want to spend that much time making content to [music] speed up their datadriven efficiency in the content process. But once you build the cohort of the small to medium-sized creators in your niche, run the same process. Go in sand castles, go to the videos tab, filter by that watch list so you can see the full cohort, sort by views or outlier score, and just look and watch one by one by one and start to mine for the hook templates. You can click and save those into the vault as reusable templates, or you can export those and use them however you want. But you have to be studying proven data if you want to speed this process up. What I just described is typically as far as you need to go because by doing that, looking at your own winners and looking at the category winners, you'll find five to 10 hook formats that just perform well over and over. You don't really need to do anything else. Don't make this process harder than it has to be. The pros do not reinvent the wheel. They just recycle the stuff that's working. All right. Now, before I end this video, I want to share one more thing that I think will be super helpful, and that is my full hookw writing process. I use this exact mental checklist when I'm writing a new hook to make sure I hit on all the pieces that I just mentioned. And if you're a business owner, this is the real sauce. I've got a free community specifically only for business owners where I share a bunch of stuff like this checklist systems. We have 65 free trainings. It's called Wavy World. Again, completely free. We got an invite link below if you want to join. All right, here's the hookw writing checklist. Step one is to first pick the subject that you want the video to focus on. Get really crystal clear on this so you can build the hook around it. Step two, decide what question you want to pop in the viewer's head when they hear your hook. This should ideally be the most interesting possible question that would lead perfectly to the next part of your script. Typically, you want it to be an emotion inducing or shockdriven question. Step three is to have a sense for what the visual would be for the visual hook. You don't have to make it yet, but just have a sense, a clear vision of what that could be. This is kind of like YouTubers making the title and thumbnail at the beginning before making the video. If you just write the title and then you get to the end with no sense for the thumbnail, you might get trapped in an inability to execute visually. So, you want to think at this point, what could the visual hook be? Just have a rough sense [music] for that. Step four is to actually write the hook. And this is going to be the spoken hook that you say. It can be one to three sentences. I typically like to make my hooks two or three sentences cuz I like saying things twice in two different ways to make sure the clarity is clear. But if you can get it done in one sentence, perfect. If you need additional words or sentences to make sure the subject and question are clear, use them. Right? in a fifth grade vocabulary level. Write in active voice and be very punchy with the way you deliver. No extra words, no extra phrases that don't need to be there. If you're struggling with this, again, I sound like a broken record. We have a script writer in Sandcastle that'll just write it for you. It'll take the templates and write them for you perfectly succinct. So, you could use that if you want or use chat or claude. Step five, after writing the hook, you haven't made the visuals yet, but you've just written the hook, run the one subject, one question gut check and ask yourself these two questions. Does this hook unmistakably reference one subject? And two, does this hook unmistakably pop one single question in the viewer's mind? If those two things are not a resounding yes, go back to step four and rewrite it again. Step six is to actually make the visual hook in the edit, add the text hook on top of the visual, and then align it with the spoken hook. You should now have all three pieces executed in your editor. You want to do your absolute best to make that scroll stopping visual effect. If you're not great with visuals, you're not great editor, it's going to take time to get better at this, but you want to kind of gut check this against the field. Who else in your niche is doing this well and try to gauge your scroll stop ability compared to theirs. Step seven, last step. This is your last chance audit. Once you have the whole thing there, I want you to watch the hook again on your video. Answer these four questions. Am I clear on what the subject is supposed to be? Am I clear on what the question that's supposed to pop is? Are all three pieces perfectly aligned? Am I interested and curious enough to want to go to the second sentence? These are the fundamentals. If you nail these and you run that one through seven process, I guarantee your hooks will be better and you'll get more views. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four biggest hook mistakes that I see over and over people struggle with. If you watch this video, I guarantee your hooks will get better. Now, if you want to go even deeper on hooks, I've got two things for you. The first, I filmed a 2-hour in-depth master class live. We've got 40 pages of notes. We have a hook database with over 400 different templates and I went through a bunch of examples live in multiple niches. If you want to watch that hook master class, I've got a link below. The second thing is this video deep dive that I made on hooks is one of the most popular videos on hooks on all of YouTube. It has over 600,000 views. People loved it and there's so many comments about the transformation people had. So, I recommend if you like the hook's topic, you feel like you need improvement and this video was helpful but didn't fully close the loop, make sure to click this video and watch this one next cuz it will work really well as a compliment. As always guys, I appreciate you. I'm trying my best to make unique stuff that you just don't hear everywhere else. So, if you're a business owner and you're trying to get better at content, make sure to subscribe and we will see you on the next one. [music] Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [1 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Work with me: https://skool.com/wavyworld
Use Sandcastles to grow 10x faster on social media: https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @mustafabashirkhan [1 likes]: 11:00 brutal  bp doesnt even leave me here
  3. @mitzerbitzer [1 likes]: LOVE the way you broke this one down! Storytelling is so important in EVERY aspect of creation
  4. @BEASTANIMALS-01: Like this
  5. @guy_kogen: wow
  6. @benjimeko: we highly apprciate your help kall
  7. @thereandbackagainpilgrim: Bro what the hell I thought this was going to teach how to make a fishing hook.
  8. @rank.uno34: I'll be right back with hundred thousand subscribers in this comment😅
  9. @savepointgg: valuable information, thanks for this.
  10. @1Tomsf: How you edit your visual and B roll it's amazing 😍
  11. @userexperienceresearchers: Great breakdown. The single subject, single question framework is such a powerful reminder that clarity beats cleverness every time. This kind of structure is gold for creators and business owners who want more predictable results instead of guessing what might work.
  12. @ccristianorronaldofans9215: 6:56
  13. @mrw.creative: Great video, thank you for helping us out! Quick question for fellow creatives, how the heck do you create hooks and have a sense of "personality" on socials, without having a person talking? I work at a more corporate place where having staff talking in the video isn't going to happen... yet (I'm trying). Any advice for how to create a sense of trust without having a visual of a person talking, or even the voiceover being an employee?
  14. @aural_alchemists: Is the hook masterclass still active? The link isn’t working for me.
  15. @pedrosoares7139: Just superb! Thanks a lot for the generosity of sharing this. This video could be called "the only video you will ever need to start making great content". Because that's what it is.
  16. @confessionsandstoriesdaily: guys can you tell me what can i improve on my shorts🥲
  17. @Traxlercore21: Thanks, Now Im gonna implement it
  18. @davidradisavljevic2159: Loving the way you explain the process of hooks. How similar is this for people who use text on broll and there's no spoken hook
  19. @NihalBhatti-fm5cg: He is amazing ✌✌✌✌
  20. @asemotanosa1200: Great video, small criticism, i almost skipped, because you talk very fast

- TokPrimeAI Review | Viral Content Tool or Overhyped AI? | (Shocking Results) 🤯: Kind: captions Language: en Let me ask you one thing real quick. What if you could create consistent viral style content for Tik Tok, Instagram reels, and YouTube shorts without the stress, without expensive tools, and without spending hours editing every time? Today, I'm going to show you a tool that promises exactly that, helping you generate content the algorithm loves faster than ever before. Look, we all know this frustration by now. You spend hours brainstorming ideas. You write scripts, you record, you edit, and half the time it barely moves. It doesn't matter how good your idea is. If you can't grab attention in the first 3 seconds, the content barely gets seen. Consistency is the name of the game today. But consistency requires time, energy, and honestly, a strategy that keeps up with trends. Most creators get stuck because they're overloaded, burnt out, or just tired of chasing engagement. That's what makes tools like TOPPrime AI so interesting because it promises to take the heavy lifting away. So, let's get into what this tool actually is. TOKP Prime AI is an AI powered content creation system built specifically for short form video platforms, Tik Tok, YouTube Shorts, and Instagram reels. It's designed to help creators generate trending content ideas, scripts, hooks, captions, and even full video formats, all optimized for engagement. Unlike traditional AI text generators, TalkP Prime AI focuses on trendaware, real viral patterns. It's not just about making words. It's about making content the algorithm wants to push. You give it a theme or topic. You tell it the platform you're targeting, and the system generates content structured to grab attention, retain viewers, and increase shares. This is not general writing software. It's built specifically for short form video virality. Now, let's break down how it works. When you log into TalkPrime AI, the first thing you'll notice is how simple and focused the interface is. It doesn't overwhelm you with technical stuff. You enter a keyword, a niche, or a specific theme you want to create content about. Then the AI generates scroll stopping hooks, script outlines, captions, engagement prompts, trend suggestions based on the latest hot formats. The key differentiator here is that the output is not generic text. It resembles content that performs well in real life based on patterns in short form video behavior. For creators who struggle to write hooks that grab attention or who don't know how to structure a viral script, this can be a gamecher because the AI analyzes patterns, what's popular right now, and stitches them into usable scripts you can record immediately. Now, you might be thinking, okay, but what does this realistically solve? Here's the honest truth. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced creator, the struggle is the same. Idea fatigue plus execution bottleneck. You might have great ideas, but you lack structure. The hook, the format, trend alignment. Talk Prime AI helps you build all of that without needing advanced editing skills, viral strategy knowledge, deep trend analysis, a big team. You're essentially getting a content co-pilot that works with you, not against you. Now, let's talk about what people are saying. If you're thinking, "Features sound great, but does it actually work?" Let me show you real proof. Real Tik Tok accounts that exploded using Toque Prime AI from zero to success. One Tik Tok account went from zero to 55,000 followers, now pulling in 1,000 plus per day with simple affiliate marketing. Another account grew from 0 to 9,800 followers, now earning 30,000 plus per month, recommending simple products. An early beta user exploded from 743 to nearly 80,000 followers, now pulling in over 8,000 per day selling products. Another beta user went from 743 to nearly 80,000 followers, now earning $40,000 every month. A test account went from zero to 50 likes and 29 followers in just 24 hours. A small taste of what Top Prime AI can do. Let's break down who this works for. If you're a solo creator who can't afford high-end tools, someone who wants to grow on Tik Tok reels or shorts, a marketer needing consistent content, a business owner posting offers and needing engagement, someone burned out by the content treadmill, then this system can help you craft better scripts, hooks, and ideas faster. So, here's my honest take after exploring this tool. If you're serious about growing your short form presence, if you're tired of overthinking every post, if you want scripts that actually work in today's algorithmic world, Talk Prime AI is not just a content generator. It's a content workflow system built specifically for modern creators. So, here's what I recommend. Click the link in the description. And if you decide to get Top Prime AI through my link, I'm adding exclusive bonuses to help you execute faster. Bonus one, hook swipe file that actually converts. Bonus two, short form content frameworks. Bonus three, posting consistency checklist. Thanks for watching. Drop your questions in the comments and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @NewProductReview100 [1 likes]: 🚀 TokPrime AI Review – My Honest Take
If you want to create viral short-form content faster and stay consistent without burnout, check out TokPrime AI here 👉 https://jvz6.com/c/3460523/430835/ 
🎁 Bonus content included only through this link

- ViralReelAI Review Faceless AI Shortcut to Viral Content & Easy Monetization : REVIEW + BONUSES: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever felt that um that relentless pressure to build an online presence maybe on Instagram or Tik Tok, but you just keep hitting the wall? >> Yeah, it happens to so many people. >> It might be, you know, the thought of constantly being on camera or just the sheer exhaustion of the content treadmill or even the cost, right? Editors tools. It can feel overwhelming. >> Definitely. >> Well, today we're doing a deep dive into Viral Real AI. It's this tool that well, it claims to completely disrupt that whole cycle. >> Right. It's pitched as an AI powered solution. >> Exactly. Promising to help creators, businesses, too, build that online footprint without ever showing their face and automating content in ways that sound honestly remarkably efficient. Mhm. And that's our mission for this deep dive really to unpack what viral relayi actually brings to the table. We want to explore how it aims to solve those uh those persistent challenges, content creation, audience growth, and crucially figure out if it genuinely delivers on that promise. You know, making viral content and monetization accessible without all the usual hurdles. >> So, we're sticking just to the features and benefits highlighted in the materials we looked at. >> Exactly. Focusing squarely on what the platform itself claims. >> Okay, sounds good. Let's start by looking at the old way that um that manual grind many of us know all too well, right? >> Like sure this you're writing scripts, setting up the gear, recording, maybe doing countless takes. >> Oh, yeah. that >> then hours and hours editing clips and finally manually posting everywhere day in day out. It's just exhausting. Leads straight to burnout or hitting that creative wall. >> It really does. And it's more than just the effort, too. When you look at the traditional costs, they're not just money, though. Hiring editors or say voice artists can definitely add up. It's also that immense investment of time and energy. And the source material highlighted a really key point. When that manual effort stops, >> so does your potential income, >> right? Because you can't keep it up 24/7. >> Exactly. There are only so many hours. Without a team or like superhuman endurance, you just hit your limit. >> And the frustrations that come with that are so relatable. You pour everything into content you think is amazing only for it to get what? 10 views, 50 views. Your follower account is just stuck. Meanwhile, you see other accounts just exploding seemingly overnight. >> Yeah. Makes you wonder what's their secret. >> Totally. And yours is just gathering digital dust. It's frustrating. >> It really is. >> So, this is where the new way comes in. And it's built around what viral real AI calls faceless automation with AI. Okay. >> The core idea is enabling you to build profitable faceless Instagram and Tik Tok channels without ever needing to show your face, >> which is huge for a lot of people. >> Absolutely. That camera shy factor. It's a massive barrier. So, this approach seems to directly tackle that, offering a different way to engage online. It's interesting to see how the AI reportedly takes over the whole process. >> Yeah, tell me about that. >> Well, the tool claims to handle basically everything. Script generation, turning scripts into videos, adding voiceovers, visuals, music, >> the whole package, >> apparently. And here's the really hands-off part. >> It autopublishes to Instagram, other platforms, too. All without manual intervention. No camera time needed. >> Wow. >> The source material uses some uh pretty compelling analogies for this. >> Like what? >> Like it's like having an Instagram manager working for you 24/7. >> Okay, that paints a picture. >> Or even 100 video creators working for you without paying any salaries, which really highlights the scale of automation they're aiming for. >> Those analogies definitely make it sound incredibly efficient. Okay, let's get into the specifics. The nuts and bolts of this content creation engine. It's promoted for its simplicity. They break it down into just three easy steps to create and share your story. Enter a keyword, customize and create, then auto schedule, and publish. Sounds almost too easy. >> Well, yeah, it sounds straightforward, but the key takeaway seems to be the depth of AI integration within those steps. So, it offers AI powered faceless Instagram video creation supposedly with just a few clicks. But it goes further. It generates a whole range of content types all geared for virality apparently. >> Like what kind of content? story videos, memes, quote posts, AI generated reels, even multi-image carousels for Instagram posts. So, variety. Okay. And what seems really significant is the automation of tasks that usually take ages. It claims to instantly generate AI powered captions, narration, and voiceovers. >> The voiceovers part is interesting. How good are they? >> Well, they mentioned integrating with 11 Labs. >> Oh, okay. That's a big name in AI voice known for very realistic humanlike tone. >> Exactly. That's critical, right? Robotic audio is an instant turnoff. This integration means your faceless content could actually retain that humanlike quality which you need for connection. >> Makes sense. What else? >> You can even add AI avatars at lips sync for a more polished look. Plus, script to video automation. Taking a written script and turning it into a full video with visuals, effects, >> and can you do lots at once? >> Yep. It supports batch video creation, one video or dozens. And they provide pre-esigned color themes, templates, trying to make it look professional instantly. >> What about formats like for different platforms? >> A good question. It mentions auto conversion to multiple aspect ratios. You know, 16.9 for YouTube, 9.16 for stories, 1.1 for Instagram post, covers the main bases >> and quality, >> exportable in HD, and even 4K according to the materials. >> Okay, those content features sound pretty robust, but we both know even the most brilliant content can just sit there if nobody sees it. >> True. Visibility is key. >> That's the classic problem, right? You create a masterpiece, still get zero followers. Creating is only half the battle. Visibility is the other equally critical half. So, how does Viral Real AI claim to tackle that? >> Right? This is where their AI follower generation engine comes in. It's designed to be the uh the game changer for visibility. >> Okay. How does it work? >> So, while you're maybe tweaking content settings, this AI is supposed to be working behind the scenes. First, it identifies your ideal audience, finds users likely to follow accounts like yours. >> Targeting. Exactly. Then it actively amplifies your reach, strategically boosting your content's visibility to those people. And crucially, it claims to engage authentically with potential followers naturally, not spammy. >> That authentic part is important. >> Very. The overall goal is to accelerate growth. Turn your account into what they call a follower magnet. >> Okay. So, what actions does it actually take? Like specifically, >> well, it uses AI to optimize your posts, captions, hashtags for max visibility. It does AI powered Q&A outreach. >> Q&A outreach. What does that mean? >> So, instead of just blasting generic messages, the AI supposedly generates contextually relevant questions or responses. The idea is to make interactions feel more organic, less like cold spam, building community. >> Got it. More than just DMs. >> Seems like it. >> It also generates Pinterest graphics and pins to drive traffic. Converts video content into downloadable PDF guides. Syndicates them to slide share. >> Okay. So, repurposing content across platforms. >> Yeah. Broadening exposure. And it even gets into link building, strategically building back links to your content via automated outreach. And it converts Instagram content into Google web stories. >> Google web stories. >> Yeah. Those full screen tapable visual things designed for mobile, they can show up in Google search and discover. So another potential traffic channel. >> Interesting. >> The promise basically is instead of just hoping people stumble on your stuff, the AI actively puts your videos in front of audiences who are actually looking for that kind of content ready to follow. >> Okay. So you've got AI creating the content, AI finding the audience. What does this all mean for actually making money, monetization? Because views are nice, but income is usually the goal, right? >> Absolutely. It's the bottom line for many. And the the source material provides some uh pretty compelling examples here. Case studies essentially. >> Let's hear them. >> Okay. So, there's Jessica R. Described as a faceless creator. Reportedly generated 13,000 Instagram followers in just 2 months. >> Wow. 2 months. >> Yeah. And earned $4k monthly from selling digital products. >> Okay, that's significant. >> Then there's Mike L, another faceless creator. He apparently tripled his Instagram followers in 90 days. And get this, one video made $1,200 in sales and leads alone >> from one video. >> That's the claim. And they even mention sort of broadly, another Faceless Instagram account made $300 using the same type of videos. Those numbers definitely grab your attention. >> They certainly do. But what makes someone actually achieve that? Is it just the tool or are there other factors like why would Jessica R succeed where maybe someone else using the same tool wouldn't get the same results? >> That's a really important question because a tool automates creation and visibility sure but the source implies that you know fundamental business end still matters >> like what >> like identifying a genuinely profitable niche creating content that consistently provides real value to that specific audience and understanding how to structure your over offers digital products, services, affiliate links, whatever. >> So the tool removes the hurdles but you still need a solid strategy. >> Exactly. It seems to free you up from the technical stuff and the visibility grind allowing you to focus more on that core strategy and value delivery. That's probably where the real monetization difference lies. >> Makes sense. And the platform emphasizes it works across niches. It doesn't matter what niche you're in, they say, suggesting it can be used to sell services, consulting, products, sponsorships, affiliate commissions. >> Pretty broad. >> Yeah. They list examples like digital marketers, SAS experts, web developers, entrepreneurs building email lists. One example cited building a list of 53,000 from a single reel. >> 53,000 emails from one reel. That's huge. >> It is. Plus, there's a commercial license upgrade mentioned. This gives you rights to sell the AI videos and automation services to clients. So, you could build a passive income stream or even launch your own video content agency using the tool. >> Okay, so multiple potential income streams there. Now, this all sounds incredibly powerful, but here's where I think a lot of people might pause. What if I have zero experience? What if I really, really hate being on camera? That fear is real for so many potential creators. >> It's a very common concern. Absolutely. But the platform directly addresses this. They state, "Viral Real AI is designed for complete beginners." Okay. It's pitched as handling everything, scripted publishing. No prior tech skills, no complex editing software needed. That's the claim. >> And the whole no face thing, >> they really lean into that. The AI provides realistic voiceovers, multiple languages, accents, plus those AI avatars that lip-s sync, so you can remain completely anonymous, but still build a presence, >> right? Keeps you behind the scenes. >> Totally. And they emphasize speed, too, claiming you can create viral ready videos in under two minutes. >> Under two minutes. That's fast. >> Seems very fast. Plus, they mentioned comprehensive training has included video guides, PDFs to walk users through. >> Okay. So, if we boil it down, the core value proposition here seems to be empowering you to generate this faceless content automatically, grow your audience rapidly with that specialized AI follower engine, and monetize effectively, all without needing to be on camera, having amazing editing skills, or hiring a big team. It's positioned as this all-in-one AI solution for building an online presence at scale. >> Exactly. It bundles content creation and audience growth together powered by AI. >> So, connecting this to the bigger picture, it really makes you think, doesn't it, about the uh the accelerating impact of AI on content creation, entrepreneurship in general. If the difference between the really successful creators and everyone else isn't just talent or luck anymore, but increasingly the sophisticated tools they're using, what does that mean for everyone else? >> Right? What does that mean for your approach, listener, to building an online presence in this digital landscape that's evolving so fast? It makes you consider how might these automated systems fundamentally change the competitive game for online business and content creation. For you personally, >> it's a provocative thought. How much is the playing field shifting and how do you adapt?

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaeldanielson2602: Have you sold any copies of this?

- How This AI Automation Creates 100 Viral TikTok Videos Daily!: Kind: captions Language: en In the last 6 months, I grew these two accounts to over 100,000 followers. I uploaded viral AI celebrity videos every single day and started to make thousands of dollars every single month. You probably have seen Ronaldo Messi or Trump in AI videos. And yes, that's me most of the time. Most people think that it's taking hours to create these videos. You have to create a prompt images of the celebrities, turn them into videos, edit them together, and then use sound effects to make them perfect. But I finally found a way to actually create a 100 videos every single day with just one single AI. So now you can just type in a prompt and the AI will create the final video in just a few minutes for you. So you can upload on 10 different accounts on Tik Tok and make even more money than before. Let's begin. How do we normally create these videos? Normally let's go to Tik Tok. Normally these create videos are being created with multiple AI tools. If you see here or this video with Messi Ronaldo in the gym is being created with multiple AI tools. First go to AI tool for example ideoggram and type in something like create an image of Erling Harland in the gym training [music] his chest on the bench and having big muscles for example. After that the AI tool will create that image for you in just a few seconds. So you have to create these images for every single celebrity multiple times. This most of the times if you look here on the top it costs money and it takes time with that you have to take each image go to image to video AI tool and put it in and click on create. This again costs money takes a lot of time. After that you have to edit everything together in with an AI or with an editing tool and then use sound effects to make that perfect. With this, a video can take over an hour of production and you want to actually upload on 10 different accounts. So, this will take 10 hours every single day. So, I found a really easy way for you to fix this. Let's go to Clips. If you go to Clips on the homepage, on the landing page, you might think that this is normal AI tool, but this is probably the biggest AI tool out there. It has everything that you want from Cling AI to VO to any other AI tool that you want combined into one. for that to use this. Let's go to the auto [music] workflow because this is what is going to make us the videos in just a few seconds. Click on autoworkflow and now you see this and this is a note. A note is just one of the things that you can do with this. For example, you can do everything that you want in this AI tool. You can do image to videos, text to image, text to video, text to text, image to image. You can do everything that you want. Even create music, AI avatars, lip syncs. You can use this AI tool for everything that you want with AI. You can create a custom workflow that can use everything that you've seen here in just one single click. Let me show you how. The first thing you do is go to the templates. On the templates, click on this template here on the left. And um for the next part, just select this this one, the overview part. We will use that for the prompt, the first prompt. Then click on started to start the template. And you will go on this page. This page really explains a lot about our clips app. Here you can see that that we created a workflow that takes our text that we put in like for example Ronaldo running on the football pitch. This will turn this text into a meta text. Turn that text into an image. Turn that image into another image like five images of Ronaldo on a pitch and that will be turned into five different videos. While doing that you can use for example clingi you can use miniax you can use any AI tool that you want just by clicking on this the for example the image to video uses the image that you created with the text that you created beforehand and turns that image into a video and that's being done automatically without you having to do anything on your own. You can also add for example anything that you want. You can enhance the video. You can remove the background if you want. You can even for example like in this video let's use video sound effects. The video sound effects will make the video even better and then at the end create use the edit video part. This will take you can click here. This will take the videos that have been produced and edit them all together. Put the sound effects and the videos together and create a readyto use image and [music] videos for you. Okay, let's try it out. The best thing to try it out is to take your prompt that you have. Go to TBT and write something like this is a prompt that I like. Can you create a prompt for a video for a Tik Tok with Lionel Messi and Ronaldo eating in a restaurant? With that TJ creates a video for you, a prompt for you. JBD creates a prompt for you that you just can copy. Go back to clips app, put it in the text to text prompt and click on run. With that, you are done. Click on the run on the upper side here and then it will even do it automatically. If you click on the run on the on the far right, it will just run the one single node for you. Click on the run on the top and it will do everything that you see here automatically. Turn the text into an image, image into five different videos, the videos into a sound effects, and then edit all the videos together to a perfect video. Let's do let's see what happens if we if we do this. Perfect. After a few seconds, the you can download the video and let's see what happens. The video looks like this. I don't think that the video is perfect. You can The video has been created in in a few seconds, but it's still looking a bit uh a bit not that perfect. So, let's use different AI tools in this workflow. For example, go on TBT. Maybe you can use a different GBT model. You can for the images. For example, I would always use nano banana. We didn't use that. And for example in the image to image or in the image to video tool we can use clinger AI 2.1 for this maybe will do better results I think so that that's a better idea and you can also use for example different resolutions the size has to be the same for example you have to use the Tik Tok size 9 to6 click on complete and run again with that your video will be done in a few seconds Let's click on download and see what happens. Okay, now the now clips up created a video that is even better than before. Look at this. Ronaldo in a video. Ronaldo and Messi in one video in a restaurant eating spaghetti going outside on a walk doing everything that has that the prompt described and even more than that in just a few seconds. With this, you can create videos of Donald Trump, of Messi, Ronaldo, in different scenarios, football images, football, anything that you want with celebrities in just a few seconds. And upload these videos on 10 different accounts and make even more money than just creating a video a day. You can create 10 videos in an hour and upload them on 10 different accounts and make even more money. With that, you have before going viral with these two two accounts. I created 10 accounts and of those 10 accounts just two went viral. And if I didn't start 10 and just started two, maybe these two wouldn't go viral. So start 10 accounts, upload 10 videos a day and see if one of those accounts goes viral. With that, if you want to try Clips up, go in the description, try it out. You get free tokens with the link in my description. And if you want, I created a Tik Tok video about how to go viral. I will upload that soon. And for the next video, just comment, like, and click on the on the screen right now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joseph-latham [2 likes]: Great content !
  2. @stefanmuller7992 [2 likes]: Banger Videos 😀
  3. @kmex-w5t [1 likes]: for how much
  4. @sagacloudnetwork [1 likes]: Proof man cut the crap, where are the stats?
  5. @AI_Animations42 [1 likes]: Great!
  6. @snoozeuloose: cant follow your all over the place
  7. @Mayank-ai-DS: This is such a timely workflow for anyone looking to scale TikTok content; we’ve been leveraging similar setups for our clothing clients, and all the resources are fully sorted on our end. What really makes a difference is having a creative partner who’s just as obsessed with the craft — it can get pretty exhausting flying solo. Here’s hoping to connect with someone equally passionate!
  8. @TheWolfAudit: Thank uu
  9. @crescitaly: Video super interessante! 🚀 L'automazione AI per TikTok è il futuro. Io ho ottenuto risultati incredibili combinando la creazione di contenuti con AI e Crescitaly come pannello SMM per dare una spinta iniziale ai video — una volta che l'algoritmo vede engagement, il contenuto decolla da solo. Voi come gestite la fase di lancio dei nuovi video su TikTok?
  10. @MarielaHunter-j1q: Does this tool actually work?
  11. @WisdomGuyTales: bro we want the free ai video as a bigners please
  12. @RandomAIChaoss: did this and paid highest subscription didnt work, and the template is not same as before?
  13. @simp5757: i need help using this. you didn't give clear instructions on the step by step. when i try using this tool, i'm only getting the first and last frame. what am i doing wrong? it's not coming out as a long video
  14. @UnrealFootball1: i can t connect to the site :(

- StreetSpeak AI Review 2025 🤯 Turn videos into Interviews for VIRAL Content in Minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's get right into it. Today, we're talking about a brand new AI tool that's kind of flipping the whole marketing world on its head. It's called Street Speak AI, and it's built around this really interesting idea. What if the absolute best way to sell something is to stop trying to sell? Wow. Okay, so that's a pretty bold statement to kick things off, right? But honestly, it gets straight to the core of a massive problem we're all facing. We are just swimming in this ocean of perfect, super polished, and totally predictable content. And the whole argument here is that this old way of doing things isn't just on its way out, it's already gone. And this is the reason why. Just think about your own social media feed for a second. You know what I'm talking about. It is just an endless scroll of sameness. You see the same stock clips. You hear the same robotic AI voices, the same exact style of captions. Your brain is so smart. It's learned to spot this stuff a mile away and just skip it. It feels fake. It feels like a sales pitch. And what happens? it gets absolutely zero engagement. So, if being perfect is the problem, then what in the world is the solution? Well, it's imperfection. Seriously, the new secret to actually getting someone's attention isn't about being flawless. It's about being human. The algorithms on platforms like YouTube, Tik Tok, you name it, they are actually starting to reward content that feels raw, real, and totally unscripted. And this slide just nails the difference. Over on the left, you've got the old school way, the perfect scripted stuff that our brains just instantly flag as an ad and we tune it out. But then look at the right. You've got raw human style content. You know, the little stumbles, the genuine reactions. That's what builds trust. It doesn't feel like you're being sold to, so you stop, you listen, and you might even hit that share button. So, what's the one video format out there that just embodies this raw, authentic vibe? You guessed it, street interviews. This whole style is just blowing up everywhere because it taps into real opinions, real people, real reactions. It feels like you're kind of eavesdropping on a real conversation. And that little bit of curiosity is a superpower when it comes to stopping the scroll. And this, my friends, brings us right to the tool we're looking at today. If street interviews are the secret sauce, how can you possibly make them without actually hitting the streets with a camera crew and, you know, dealing with the awkwardness of talking to strangers? Well, that's the exact problem Street Speak AI was created to solve. And here it is. This is Street Speak AI, and its big claim is that it's the very first AI application built from the ground up to generate these viral style street interview videos, all without you ever leaving your desk. So, what is it really? Well, think of it like this. It's an AI platform where all you have to do is give it a single keyword or a topic. That's it. From there, the AI takes over and does everything else. It creates these realistic looking characters. It writes the whole interview script. It generates photorealistic backgrounds. And it uses natural human sounding voices to put it all together into a finished video that looks and feels authentic. And they've made the process sound ridiculously simple. Step one, you just type in one keyword. Step two, you sit back and let the AI do the heavy lifting. It builds the entire interview for you. Questions, answers, the whole thing. And then step three, you publish it. The whole idea is to get that scroll stopping attention without needing any camera gear, editing skills, or technical know. Okay, so how does this actually help you? What are the real world benefits? Well, the magic behind this whole anti- sales method is that it's a strategy. It's all about driving clicks and sales by building trust first instead of just shouting buy my stuff from the rooftops. And when you look at the benefits here, you can see it directly tackles all those problems we talked about earlier. You go from making robotic content to raw and real videos. You take that low engagement and turn it into real clicks and shares. You stop wasting hours and start creating videos in minutes. And the big one, you sell without selling because you're building that crucial trust first. Plus, it's designed to work in pretty much any niche you can think of. Now, here's a really important point. The claim is that this isn't just some new untested theory. The argument is that this method is already being used quietly by some really smart underground marketers to get a massive head start while everyone else is still busy making those perfect polished videos that nobody's watching. So, as you'd expect with a cool new tool like this, there's a special deal on the table, especially for the people who jump in early. Let's take a quick look at the value they're offering during this initial launch. Okay, so let's break down this launch pricing. You can see there's the main offer and then a few optional upgrades for things like a pro version or an agency license. But the real key thing to notice here is that these are all listed as one-time prices. That's a huge contrast to so many other tools that lock you into a monthly subscription. The goal here seems to be to give those early adopters access without that recurring bill. But wait, the offer isn't just the software. See this number 18? What do you think that is? Well, that is the total number of special bonuses they're throwing in to make the deal even sweeter and to help you get results way faster. And these aren't just, you know, random PDF files. We're talking about full-on training for YouTube, for video marketing, actual SEO tools, and a bundle of 10 other bonuses that are all focused on one thing, getting traffic. They're positioning this as a complete all-in-one package for success. So, at this point, you're probably asking yourself, "Okay, this sounds cool, but who is this really for?" Well, while the tool is meant to be pretty versatile, it's especially powerful for a few specific groups. Let's see if you're one of them. I mean, look at this list. If you're a marketer trying to break through all the noise, a business owner who just needs more leads, a freelancer who wants to offer a hot new service, or a content creator looking for a totally fresh angle, this was built with you in mind. It's also perfect for e-commerce stores and even total beginners who just want to get that crucial edge right out of the gate. All right, so we've covered the problem, the solution, all the benefits, and exactly who this is for. So, what's the bottom line? Let's wrap this all up with a clear path forward. And really, it all just boils down to this one simple question. Are you ready to finally stop making that perfect polished content that nobody ever sees and start creating videos that people actually connect with, watch, and share? If your answer is yes, then the final step they've laid out is super simple. You're directed to a link to get started with Street Speak AI. That's where you can grab that special launch price and all 18 of those bonuses we talked about. The promise is that this is your ticket to start creating anti-sales content that actually works.

- This AI Tool Creates Viral Content in 10 Minutes! (Poppy AI Review): Kind: captions Language: en I want to share with you guys what I think is the coolest AI tool that I've come across I've been having a ton of fun with this I've been using it to create Tik Tock hooks generate uh prompts for my YouTube thumbnails like to write better blogs and to just kind of come up with a Content strategy for my own content in general based off of what other content creators are doing that's already working so I want to show you like these four really cool use cases for this tool and then we're going to hop right in and we're going to start building it so if you want to learn how to use AI tools to create better content make sure you subscribe to the channel because I'm going to be creating content every single week so let's hop into this tool it's called poppy Ai and it's literally changed the way I've been doing everything I've only been using this tool for about a week and I've legitimately been having like so much fun with it like I think I barely just scratched the surface of what it can do so this is the tool and basically it's just like this big AI powered whiteboard and you can drop all sorts of things in here if you look on the left you can drop an images YouTube videos Tik toks Instagrams even text and but like the coolest part about this is like really the most powerful feature is this AI chat feature right uh so you can see here we have this AI chat window and I'm just going to zoom in it's powered uh by either chat gvt or Claude currently but I believe they're adding more models so you can change the model here that you're using to chat with it but let me back up a second and so basically what this is you can drop in all different types of content this is just like a visual representation of your knowledge base and then you can plug everything into this chat window and ask it direct questions about everything that's here and represented in this whiteboard so I've already started figuring out like some really cool and like fun uses for it at least for me personally and again like I think I'm really only just getting started so let me start with this Tik tok's hook generator uh to show you guys how to build this and so you can create something on your own if you want to so if you struggle writing hooks like this is a really great way to get a big overview of what's working so I just started with this one content creator on Tik Tok her name's Christa Greener and I've noticed that she basically uses this strategy that like I'm calling like hook stacking and it's basically like using like multiple hooks back to back to back at the start of the video like she's not just hitting you with like one hook and then getting into the content she's like hitting with three four five hooks sometimes it's like a minute into the video until you know like what she's actually going to be talking about and we see creators do this a lot because we want people to watch like a longer time in the beginning because it tells the algorithm that people are interested and it shows the video to more people etc etc but she has some really great Hooks and I've also compiled this list of like 200 proven hooks like if we scroll down here you can see this like a whole bunch of hugs right so what's the difference between blank and blank a lot of y'all are going to hate me for this but most common misconception when it comes to blank is right so you can see like you've heard this stuff before right but like how do you use it for your own content so this is really cool like basically in order to get Christ's videos in here like you just need to copy and paste a link so like if you come over here to to her page right and you can just like come into any one of her videos and like copy this link like it can be her like you know feel free to copy my videos right like paste these in here I I don't care uh steal my stuff it's cool uh but if you just come in here and like you you hit command V right basically this just pastes the video in and what poppy is doing the background it's just like getting the transcript for this video so that you can plug it into the chat so it actually knows what's happening in this video and this takes a couple seconds because it's got to like you know research the whole video but like that was pretty fast right so now you can just take this and you can plug it into the chat window uh and you can see here what I've done is like i' I've grouped all these together and like I just find it cleaner right and so rather than having to click every single one of these nodes and like connected here like you can just create a group so it's all in one place and so in order to do that you just click this little folder to create a group and basically you can kind of just like take your video and you drag it in so now when you move the group uh it moves everything inside of it it's just like a cleaner way to work and if you were to name it like you know like Chris's videos like you can just reference like the Christ's video group in this chat window so the AI knows what you're talking about uh I already have this video in here under need it so I'm just going to go ahead and delete it but again I think you can already see like how powerful this is so the way I've been using it is like I used this for a Tik Tok video the other day right uh and I literally just came in and I said Christa often hook Stacks her videos uh stacking many engaging hooks back to back in the first minute or so of for video I need you to extract all the hooks she's using then identify common themes for why they're effective so not only am I going to be able to like grab her hooks that I can use but I can start to understand like why they're working so I can start creating hooks for myself and so it pulls out these direct hook statements right I know I might regret sharing this I really should not be sharing this etc etc I don't gatekeep here so here he goes and then she has these power value statements right these are so next level they feel borderline unfair they're so mind-blowing they feel almost illegal like we've heard this before but like it legitimately works right personal validation I use this every day I love it um again you can see why these are effective but then why this gets really cool right is I've got in here and I was like wanted to teach people how to use poppy because I think it's like a really valuable tool like honestly I'm not just saying that uh but like so I asked it can you write an introduction for a video that teaches people how to use poppy AI to extract and understand viral hooks from Tik Tok videos the intro should use this concept of hook stacking to stack several engaging hooks back to back and so in just a couple seconds it like analyze all of the videos that Christ had posted in here and it like gave me this intro for the video I probably shouldn't share the secret weapon but here we go I've discovered a way to legally steal the exact hooks that make Tik toks go viral and it feels almost unfair how powerful this is top creators see this is like a value statement right like saying like social proof top creators are already using this hidden tool to reverse engineer viral videos and honestly I can't believe it's free so like again this is just the intro for this video and I could read this word for word and the more natural I come off the better but if I read this word for word I start getting comfortable using this concept of hook stacking to get people into the video and so you can already start to see like how incredible uh this tool is just to like really gather everything all in one place so the next thing I want to show you is like how I'm using this for YouTube thumbnails and so you might need like a little bit more content on this but basically I created a video in my Channel about how to create these AI clone images of yourself so these are some AI images of me these are not me that kind of look like me like not really like a little bit but like pretty good right like this sells pretty good uh and so I wanted to see if I could figure out like what's working for for thumbnails right like how do I understand what's working for thumbnails and how do I create better thumbnails for my own videos right uh so that I can generate prompts to give to the AI to create YouTube thumbnails for me so I'm not sitting there in photo shop all day like creating uh creating thumbnails like guessing out what works like I can figure out what's working so what I did here is I went and I literally just like took screenshots of a bunch of other uh content creators like in my Niche who make AI content and content on on automations right and I literally just took you can see like I took screenshots of like the top row like I just searched their I filtered their YouTube by like popular right when you go to the videos Tab and just took a screenshot of the top two rows of their most popular content to try to figure out uh you know what's working for their thumbnails right so use that and then also uh there are a couple videos on there um about like what are the best practices for YouTube thumbnails and this is a video how a pro YouTuber actually makes thumbnails 11 thumbnail design hacks like top creators use the state of YouTube thumbnails in 2024 what's going to work in 2024 although we're heading to 2025 I figure a lot of the concepts will still work right and then so the last thing I did is is I had a video that I just posted right like my latest video on uh YouTube automations right so how to find viral content ideas by scraping the YouTube comments and I originally had like a different thumbnail than this right and it like it wasn't doing that but anyway I wanted to use this to figure out how I could create a better thumbnail for the video because it wasn't converting so basically I just took everything in these groups and I took the thumbnail references I took the YouTube best practices and my video and I just said scroll up to the top and I just said based off the YouTube best practices for thumbnails and the Aesthetics of the thumbnail references and the content of the viral content ideas video that being my video how would you describe the optimal thumbnail for the viral content ideas video for an AI image generator right so basically I'm asking it to take the concepts and ideas from my video look at what other creators are doing that's working and understand what YouTube says it's best practices are and try to create the most optimal thumbnail for me right and so it says based on the analyzed content here's how I describ this image right create a dynamic YouTube thumbnail Fe featuring a split composition with high contrast and vibrant colors on the left side show a close-up of a person with an excited SLS surprise expression looking toward the right they should be wearing professional casual attire against a clean solid color background on the right create a visual representation of data mining content Discovery using stylized floating comment bubbles etc etc right this is like a pretty long prompt and I thought for me this is probably like too long but what's really great about this is like this is still like AI this is still claw this is a chat bot right so you can go ahead and I just say I like to feature only a simple sub a single subject name him Duncan me uh and then I just want to like simplify it right so now give me this long prompt great uh and then I just said this is too long can we make it shorter and now give me this nice distinct prompt create a YouTube thumbnail featuring Duncan a young professional with an exaggerated Eureka expression eyes wide mouth open and amazement etc etc so once again you can see how poppy is super helpful to like visualize all these ideas and kind of like collect your knowledge in one place to analyze things for a specific task so the third way I use this was a Blog writer so I like turn a lot of my content into a blog like I just think everything feeds itself right so like if I have like a long form video that I post on YouTube then I want to write a blog article from that too so that I can embed the video in that blog so if people happen to come to the blog first they see the video and if people go to the video first they can get to the blog etc etc right and so I did something really similar what I did here is instead here are a whole bunch of videos about like what you should do to start a blog how do you optimize your blog what are the best practices of blog writing right so I took that and then I took some writing samples from you here a couple like long threads that I wrote on Twitter uh just so it get an idea of my tone of voice the way I write my style of writing right uh and then again this was the video that I wanted to write the blog for and I also had created a while back uh let me make this bigger so you can see it uh this tone of voice guidelines right so based off of some of my writing samples it like uh created this tone of voice guidelines with the key characteristics like casual conversational style frequent use of personal anecdotes and experience strong emphasis through capitalization and punctuation like some about my vocabulary and like the words I like to use like how my grammar is the way my sentences are structured uh Etc so like again I just like gave this AI bot like more information about me so it could write better copy and then again you see Chris's videos here you'll see her one more time I think just I think she has some strong Hooks and so I just wanted to make sure that I could incorporate that so what's really cool about this is that like anytime I create a new video like I already have the basis for like how to write good blog content right and I can just swap out the video that's connected to the chat bot uh so that I can like write a new blog post for the new video every time I release a new video I'll probably do it for this video here uh I'll show you where the blog is uh I'll leave a link in the description to it to where you can find that blog and so if we come into the chat bot you can just see I said use the writing samples and tone of voice guidelines to create a 1,000-word blog post based on the content of the video this shouldn't entirely be a step-by-step guide but should rather take the key cont ceps and themes and espouse their values big word I know sorry uh write in a mix of paragraph and bullet point structure for variety include relevant headers and subheaders right so basically I'm just saying like take the content from the video I made follow these best practices and write a blog post for me right and so it said how to turn YouTube comments into content goal the Creator's guide so I I didn't want it to just be like a bullet pointed tutorial like click this then click that Etc like that's not what I wanted I wanted to say like why this is important and why you should you know use this automation to uh you know scrape comments to find better to create better content so it created this whole blog article for me you can see why YouTube comments matter the power of automation right uh kind of three ways to scale your idea I went through kind of like three different possible paths that you could take in order to scrape the comments and then I went ahead and just wrote the rest of the blog article for me and so I thought this was really solid but it didn't have that kind of like same virality the the viral feel right so I just said incorporate some of the viral hook strategies Christa uses in her videos for the introduction so now it's says all right I know I might regret sharing this but here we go I've discovered a Content creation strategy that's so powerful it almost feels illegal seriously though it's like having a cheat code for Endless content ideas and you get the idea so again you can see where poppy is really great at taking information from all these different sources and combine them to one place for you to kind of interact with ask questions of and create new ideas from if you want to try poppy like I'll leave a link in the description where you can try it out full disclosure like this is an affiliate link I do get some commission for this but like I literally would not be talking about this if I didn't think the tool was actually really cool and useful I'm having a lot of fun uh using it clearly and I think it's actually really valuable so if you want to try it out I'll leave the link in the description so the last thing I did was for my own Tik Tok content uh I wanted to create like a new content strategy I'm kind of just like guessing at how to post posting when I want whatever content I want and I want to be able to like just have like something more detailed right uh and create kind of like a 30-day calendar of what I should post every day and so what what I did is I went and I just went to my Tik Tok uh you can follow me here if you want uh same name Duncan rogoff uh went here and I just po pasted in like a bunch of my videos right and so Poppy's goingon to grab all the transcripts from that and then again I have Chris's videos here for the hooks and I have this guy Jackson Jackson's tips uh this is his this is his Tik Tok here uh he's awesome he has like really great um videos about like Tik Tok strategy right and he has a whole bunch of things like his full weekly Tik Tok content routine like kind of like again how to post videos like what to post and when like should you post long form short form like what type of topics should you make etc etc but like I didn't want to like figure out how that applies to my videos so I just asked the AI and so if you come into the chat window here I just said I'm Duncan so it knows who I am and that the videos in the Duncan group are me and I said based on the content of my videos and the strategies shared in Jackson's videos create a 30-day content plan for me so what it did is it created this 30-day content plan but like this this was ugly and messy and like I I don't know what this is right but I just asked can you put this into a table so it's easier to read and so the AI just went through and like put this into this really nice table right and it gave me like every single day here's the type of content I post uh mic drop content right it's 30 seconds long and here's the topic the one chat gbt prompt that will change your life and it gives me the the role prompt right uh day two I make a tutorial that's 60 seconds long how to use Chad dpt's new web search feature a complete guide so again this is based like these topics are based off of my content that I've already posted but it's just following the content strategy that Jackson has shared in his video so you can see how it's kind of like Maring these two types of content together to create a strategy that's like really optimized for me using someone's strategy who like knows what they're talking about when it comes to Tik Tok strategy so I went ahead and did this for every single week right uh but what I said is I said generate viral hooks for each video based on the hooks found in Chris's videos and add them to the table so I just want to know where to start each video and so the one chvt prompt will change your life the hook is now I probably shouldn't share this chat gbt prompt but it's literally changed how I work forever uh the one about chat gbt's web search forget about Google here's why chat gbt's new feature is about to change everything so it's just added this all to the list and again you can see how powerful this is it creates all this content I can literally just go through now I don't have to worry about what to make and I can repurpose content that I've already created and already have understanding of rather than having to find new ideas every time poppy has like really helped me organize my thoughts and kind of create ways to like mesh different types of content together to create something that feels like really optimized and personal for me so again if you want to try poppy I'll leave a link in the description if you thought this video is cool please subscribe to the channel I'll be releasing new videos every week thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @duncanrogoff [2 likes]: What other ways would you use this tool?!  ⚡ $25 OFF! Try Poppy AI: https://bit.ly/trypoppy
  2. @PsihologijaSvakodnevnice [1 likes]: Too expensive
  3. @frontlineShowYoutube [1 likes]: This is true bro?
  4. @MichaelWilliams-lo3ix [1 likes]: Brilliant
  5. @bili557 [1 likes]: Thank you bro this amazing content keep it up more content
  6. @jamesrogers676 [1 likes]: Thanks for the info! Just getting started in learning on this topic..hoping to start creating soon

- How to become rich with social media: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. In this video, I wanted to talk about how you can become rich off of social media because that's how I've done it. I went from broke to rich and it's all thanks to social media. After I uploaded my last video, a lot of people that have regular jobs, just 9 toives, have messaged me and they were literally like, "Liz, please help me in any way how I can make more money." because they were like, I cannot make ends meet even though I have two jobs and they still cannot afford even things like groceries, which I think is so insane. If I can share anything, I'll just share it for free because I genuinely want to help. Now, first thing I need you to realize is that old ways won't open new doors. So, we live in a society where we're always doing what we have done in the past, but times are evolving right now. So a lot of people are trying to create businesses or trying to sell products in old ways. But right now we live in a society where AI and social media makes the most amount of money. So even if you have a product that you're trying to promote or even if you're just trying to create a brand out of yourself, it is really crucial for you to go and look up about Tik Tok, look up about YouTube, Snapchat, Instagram, any of these platforms because you can market your product or yourself on those platforms and that can literally build you generational wealth. It can literally make your product go viral like this. And you know, we talk a lot about like, oh, you know, back in the day, our parents had it so easy, blah, blah. In this day and age, we have Chad GPT. We can literally look up anything. We can learn anything. We can learn a new skill. We can go on social media like Tik Tok. You can go viral like this. People get careers like this all of a sudden. Overnight people product goes viral overnight and all of a sudden they have a crazy booming business. Back in the day, people had to be so talented in order to get a contract. Back in the day, people had to work so hard to even be recognized by the music industry. They had to pay so much money for marketing to even get their product in people's hands. Now you have these tools. So use these tools. Study these tools and understand how much these tools make. You want to make money off of social media. You need to first stop being afraid of being seen. A lot of people have this extreme fear of being seen, of being judged, and you need to already let that go completely. What you need to do right now is you put out your creations, whether it's on Tik Tok, Instagram, Snapchat, YouTube, whatever, you put it out there. And then whatever people say or whatever people do with that, is none of your business. You just put it out there with good intent. And then whatever they do with that, cuz everyone works from their own perspective. Imagine a person is watching your content, but they're miserable inside. For them, they will receive it as miserable or they will twist it as something miserable when that was never your intention. What you then have to do is like, okay, you're projecting. That's your reality. It's not my business. You don't look at your comments. You don't look at all these things. You don't engage with these people. Need help with this. Then maybe you should start journaling about it. And you should start journaling about why you care so much about what people think, why you're trying to explain yourself. I talked to my therapist about this and they were literally like, "Liz, do you always have to explain yourself when you you were younger and you always had to like prove that you were a good kid?" I was like, "Yeah." And they were like, "Yeah, that's where it comes from. It's a peopleleasing behavior. If you want to get rid of your peopleleasing behaviors, then maybe you should go talk to a therapist. BetterHelp is a sponsor of this video and they're on a mission to make therapy way easier. A therapist will be there to ask you questions and to help you and give you any advice you need with your situation. A therapist can also help you to get with you to the root of the issue of what is really going on. And honestly, sometimes they give insights that you never even thought about. So, first you fill out a questionnaire and you get matched with a therapist in as little as a couple days. These therapists can be from different backgrounds, different genders. You have a whole list that you can choose from. And if the therapist that you match with is not a great match, you can switch therapists with no extra cost. Over 7,000 reviews and a 4.3 review on Trust Pilot. BetterHelp is a platform that is used and liked by a lot of people. If you think that you might benefit from therapy, then please visit the link in the description down below or visit betterhelp.com/wizardliss to get 10% off your first month. Another thing that's very important is that you get rid of the victim mindset. Being a victim gives your power away. Acting like, "Oh my god, why is this happening to me? God, why do I deserve this?" Why not you? Why don't you have to go through stuff? Why someone else? You know if you just see everything that happens to you in your life as okay what is this teaching me what can I learn from this then you will grow. If every time you take a situation and you extract wisdom from it that is how you create more power for yourself that is how you create more confidence for yourself. Someone that looks at life and whatever life throws at them and thinks like you know what I'm going to get back from this doesn't matter. Throw it at me watch how I will grow again and again and again. Someone that thinks like that, you can't even say anything to them. Their mentality is so strong. This is how strong your mentality has has to be as well. Look, for example, me, I'm a refugee. Literally, you had no money, nothing. My dad, instead of taking care of his children, he was taking all the money that my parents were getting from the government and sending it back home to his mother so she could build a house. I grew up with no money. And from a young age, I understood if I'm not going to do it, no one is going to do anything for me because I did not have anything if I didn't go and find it for myself. Also, when you are working for yourself, you don't really have an option to be a victim because if you don't get your stuff done, no one is going to pay you. So, you are your own boss. That's why this job is not for everyone. If I don't make the content, if I don't keep showing up every month, even you know, sometimes I just want to delete all my social media and I want to disappear off this earth literally. But then, where will I go? Where will I go back to? What will I do? You know, I don't have generational wealth. Um, and I I take care of my family. So, what will I do? I can't I I I have myself I have my brain and I need to keep working. Thing is get any job you can and do it well. So for example when I was 15 16 I could legally work and immediately when I hit that age I sent out so many CVs everywhere cuz I wanted to work and I got so many student jobs. So I was cleaning at events. I worked in warehouses where my mom also worked. I worked in a supermarket. I worked in call center. I worked in sandwich shops. I worked in a restaurant and the restaurant job was behind the bar and that was the longest consistent job I had before I started social media. I did all of these jobs. And why was this so good? Because first of all, I did not have to be at home with my father who was abusive. So if you're living in an abusive household, then if you can, if you're allowed to get a job, get a job and stay there as long as you can because first of all, you don't have to interact with your abuser. And second of all, you can save up money to maybe move out of your house and stack that money away. else was this very good. It was because I was surrounded by people and I was interacting with them and also with men because I wasn't allowed to interact with men. That was like one thing I could not do. So anytime my male coworker would talk to me or my boss would come talk to me, I would literally turn as red as a tomato. Like I was super super insecure like in my communication and whatever. So these jobs especially in the restaurant they really helped me with my confidence that helped me with my communication skills. It's very good to do any job and then you just take that job. It doesn't matter what it is. You don't have to be ashamed of it because a job is just over broke. Okay, that is it. You are doing that. But that is not your life goal. That is just what you need to do right now in order to survive. Survival jobs, you can literally do anything. With me, I noticed with any student job I did, people really loved me at work because I was a really good worker. And even now with my social media, I'm always on time. I'm always consistent. If I need to do sponsorships, I'm very consistent. Like, the brands always keep coming back because they really love working with me because I'm reliable and I learned that discipline and that skill already within my student job. How do you make money off of social media? Basically, I made money off of YouTube, Instagram, Tik Tok, and Snapchat. So, I have four income sources. Earn like six figures on a monthly basis. I earn 1 to2 million a year. Why do I get paid and how do I get paid? So, for YouTube, I get paid through ads. So, this video has an ad on it. Also, you get paid through sponsorship. This video also has a sponsorship in it. Um, my price for sponsorship is very high because I have a lot of subscribers. I have a lot of engagement. So, I have a lot of viewers and I have a lot of comments. That's what the sponsors will look at. And when they see that your engagement is very high, they are willing to pay more. Now, a lot of companies cannot work with me because they cannot afford my price for a sponsorship. But I have not cared about that because I always was like this is my set price and whoever can meet that can work with me and whoever can't they unfortunately just cannot afford to work with me. On Instagram you get paid for different things. I get paid for videos. That's also like a six figure contract. It's a lot of money. Then on Snapchat you get paid for posting pictures, videos. And on Snapchat you can make a lot of money but it's very important to be consistent. So when you see these creators on Snapchat they're making bank. Okay. I think Snapchat out of all social media earns the most or it's either Snapchat or Twitch. Twitch streaming is also very popular right now. Um, but I feel like that is just you're like filming your whole life. People are so invested. I feel like that's too much of my privacy. So, I I wouldn't like that. Tik Tok you can make money because in some countries it's monetized and then on top of that um artists will pay you to use their sounds. So, I get paid to use sounds and that is just like um a couple of thousands of dollars for like one Tik Tok video. How do you get big on social media? You first of all have to be authentic. So, you have to really be yourself. If you go on social media and you're just trying to imitate people and you you're just trying to take on their vibe. People feel that energy. That doesn't resonate with a lot of people. But if you genuinely just are who you are and you just show yourself as you are and you show the things that you like, people will love you for it. Even energy wise, authenticity is one of the highest vibrations. It's even higher than love. Always been very authentic. I've always shared a lot of things about myself, even if I'm very embarrassed by them. And I've just done that because I've always wanted to help people. And I thought like, you know, if I just share this, then maybe someone in this situation can find some help in this. I feel like your intention has to be so good and your intention is very important of why you do things. For example, I always had the intent of helping people with all my videos and I really think that's why all my videos always did very well because there was a pure intention behind it. Now, if you're just doing stuff just to get famous or just to get money, I know people like that and they don't really find an audience or people really don't resonate with them. Another intention would be like, oh, I just want to make people laugh. I want them to be happy. Intention is I genuinely want to teach people things. Any way that you can help someone, like footballers, for example, give people entertainment. They put people out of their problems. Comedians do the same thing. Actors, uh, singers, they they literally help so many people recover from broken heart. If you want to start a clothing line, like that helps me. I can put clothes on. You start a makeup line, you're helping a lot of people because now they have makeup, dancing videos, anything that you think, you know, this in any way can help people or I can teach them something will be received. Well, another thing is have different backup plans. So, for example, me, my plan was I'm going to start a career on social media. That was my first plan. But then I also thought to myself, okay, if I have a relationship, I want my partner to be stable and to have enough money to take care of both of us so that if my social media doesn't work out, I can rely on my partner because I don't I cannot rely on my family because my family doesn't like they're not wealthy. So, I don't have that backup. But if you have that, then you already have a backup plan, which is gives you already so much freedom to try different things out. And on top of that, I also got a degree. So, I got a degree in administration and office. So if I wanted to be a bookkeeper right now, administrative assistant and like a law firm or whatever, I could do that because I have the right diploma. Or if I want to go to university right now, I can also apply and learn for another degree studying. Keep doing your thing. If you choose a partner, choose smart. Especially as a woman, choose in a way of okay, is this also giving me stability? Not that he has to be rich and pay for everything. No. But does he have a job? Does he have ambition? That's very, very important in a man. Okay. Um because whatever a man is lacking, he will take from you. So if he's lacking ambition, if he's lacking finances, you're going to be struggling just the same. Thing is learn skills. So whatever you can learn uh like for example, you want to learn how to give massages because you want to open a massage salon, how to cook because you want to be a personal chef, learn how to do makeup very well because you want to be a makeup artist or you want to sell makeup products, whatever you are interested in, look it up and learn about it or teach yourself how to do that. We have such big blessings, guys. Like back in the day, they had to open books. They had to read books in order to even learn any subject. Right now we have a phone in front of us. We have chat. We can literally ask anything or we can look up any video and just understand how to do that or take inspiration from other people you know learn about these skills and teach them to yourself so that you know more things or you know how to do them. I remember in the first times about in my YouTube career every day I was reading books. Every single day I read about manifestation science behind manifestation. I read about literally any subject trauma healing everything teach other people about what I've read but I was every day for hours just studying studying studying subjects other thing is look towards a future that you want and never ever look back this is how you change reality okay you just look this is the future that I want anything that is happening right now any past that was going on whatever it does not exist anymore you can only focus on what is good and what is coming and what you want because that is where your energy will go. Wherever your energy will go will flow into your life. Okay? You cannot allow people that don't align with your vision, relationships, jobs that don't align with your vision or where you're trying to go, you cannot allow them into your life. Okay? If if if let's say you have a super draining job, you're literally unhappy, you cannot do that job, get another one. Get go somewhere else. It doesn't have to be a great job either, but at least better than the one you are in right now. Because if you hate your life that much, if you hate going to that job that much, no amount of money is worth that. Okay? Your vibration will constantly be low and you won't attract the things that you want. So we look towards, okay, this is what I want and I'm not going to budge for anything or anyone. You need to have laser focus. You don't hear other opinions. You don't listen to them. This is the only way you're going. When you are have that mentality like I want this as much as I want to breed, you'll be successful. So sponsors don't like hateful content. So, a lot of sponsors, they don't work with these type of people because they don't want to be associated with cyber bullying. But for you as a creator, it is actually good when they're bullying you or when they're making videos about you or even when they're making lies about you because it drives more people to your Instagram, to your Tik Tok, to your Snapchat, to your YouTube. I really started getting a lot of hate after the whole cheating scandal and a lot of people lied so much about me. But I got so many opportunities after that. And I was literally like, "Wow, this is actually really good." They're like free publicists cuz what they're actually doing is making people more interested in you. Cuz what I also have observed from social media is that the women especially that are hated the most, people are the most interested in. People are not really that interested when you're just loved by everyone. It's kind of boring. Like our brain loves a little drama and negativity. So when you see women for example, think of women online that are really hated and they get so much backlash constantly, those are the ones selling their businesses for a billion dollars because people don't like when someone gets hated on constantly. But people also don't like when someone gets loved constantly. But when the dynamic is too big, people will side with them. So for example, if you see a celebrity that's constantly hated on, a lot of people are going to start defending them because a lot of people have been bullied. And this is just like bullying to them especially if that person is not bothering anyone. So their psyche goes towards I need to protect this person and they do that and they actually like the person more. Thing I truly believe in is blessing women with money. I really have seen in my own life when I got um signed with YouTube and I got my first paycheck from YouTube. I was 21 and I literally went and my first paycheck I sent to my mom. Then what did I do? Ever since I'm 21, I've been sending my mom a monthly allowance. And on her birthday, I will send her like a big sum of money every time. And then when I was 22 and I had my first big sponsorship, I paid off her house completely. And honestly, when I made that transaction, that is also when I started looking at money differently because I thought to myself, "Oh my god, like my mom would have had to work for the next 15 years still just to pay this house off." And I did that in one literally one transaction. That's it. It was done. such a weird moment for me cuz I was like, "How is this even real?" I honestly started looking at life as a video game. Then I also paid off her car. I bought my mom a new car. I paid for any vacations. I paid for any expenses that my friends had, my family had, wherever they wanted to go. So yeah, I've always uh helped women in that regard. Also, even on my social media or Women's Day or like when I got cheated on, I donated to single moms. I'm always trying to give back to women because I really believe that women are the gateway to abundance and I really really believe in honoring the divine feminine. I think women are the closest thing to God because they are literally the source that brings life into this world. We are all here because a woman birthed us. So I think we should honor the feminine and I do that by giving the money. Also, don't be afraid to do social media in your own language because I feel like everyone wants to gravitate towards English because it's international. But I think right now the English market and the English speaking market is so big. So, you have a lot of competition. Now, for example, if you would speak your language from the country that you're in, you make content like that, you could also make a lot of money within the country and you have a lot less competition. So, I feel like our souls are here on earth to create. And I'm seeing the big division between the creator and the consumer now. And I don't want any of my fans watching to be a consumer because these people are not going to make it. And it's not because they're not qualified. It's because they are just so almost addicted to just taking in content and not doing anything about their lives. And the creation, it doesn't have to be big. It just has to be something that fulfills your soul and that makes you happy. When you are happy from the inside, when you're working from your heart, you attract a lot of abundance and you attract a lot of money. Stop saying bad affirmations. Um like I see a lot of people say money is not important. Money isn't good. Uh I cannot do that. It's impossible. All these things, these are very negative affirmations and you're calling that into your life. Don't do that. Don't don't do that. I was always very delusional about everything I say and I I try to watch my mouth as closely as I can when I speak because I know that your words are like a magical sentence cuz if you tell God that money is not important then he thinks okay so you don't need it go ahead be very careful of what you speak into existence you have to say money loves me I love money I really think because I always had such a big love for money it just keeps flowing into my life because it money knows it's welcome with me it knows I'm open to receive that God knows that I I like that. I like the stability that I get from that. So, start saying that to yourself. You know, we often get indoctrinated to believe that money is a bad thing, but I really think that money just amplifies who you are. I think if you're a bad person, you're going to be an even worse person with money. I think if you're a good person, you're going to be an even better person with money. So, whoever you are, money will show you who you really are even more. Also, you have to be very confident and never back down for anyone. You always keep your head high. You always walk into the room as if God himself sent you there. Do not look down for anyone and love yourself to the fullest. That's it. Whatever anyone says about you, whoever believes in you, whoever doesn't, it does not matter. As long as you wake up every morning and you look at yourself in the mirror and you love what you see and you love who's staring back at you because you know that you are worth it, that's when you will win. That's when you have the strongest mindset. You don't need anything else. You have to always be there for you. As long as you have yourself, you have everything. The minute you lose yourself, the minute you lose your mind, you lose everything. And no one is going to come save you. No one is going to be there like, "Oh, I I wish I could have helped her." No. People, 80% will be happy that you fell and 20% will not care. So, you have to be there for yourself to pick yourself up every single time because you're showing your inner child that you're an adult that they can rely on because your inner child never got that. Now, be that for yourself. Also, shame and overthinking is one of the biggest reasons that most of you guys don't make it. Truly, a lot of you guys are embarrassed to look embarrassed in front of this person, whatever this and that. Why would you care? Tomorrow, they're going to be 80 years old. You're going to be 80 years old. And then what? You think you're they're going to give you a medal because you lived for them? Because you put yourself in a cage because you cared so much about other people not finding you weird. Other people not finding you cringe. Girl, the people cringe and weird out here are making millions. Truly, they're making all of that money. They're creating generational wealth because they're not scared to look like a fool because the only fool in the end is the person that is struggling because they put themselves in an imaginary cage. Why put yourself there? This is your life. This is your life. Do you want to struggle? People, you know, online and all these things like that are doing it and doing everything. It's not that they're special. They just don't overthink. They just do. Yeah. The the whole problem with a lot of people is they think that what they have is not special and they think that people don't want to hear their voice. They don't want they're not good enough. They're this and that. That is the whole reason why you guys don't make it cuz you don't believe in yourself. You just have to do and then think about it later. At least put it out there. Put it out in the universe. You know, put it out. Whatever you're creating, put it there and then just see what will happen from it and what will come from it. And anything that you put out with a good intention, there's nothing bad that will come from that. Delusional faith in yourself and you just have to think no matter what I am going to make it and no one is going to stop me. Nothing can stop me. Get rid of that fear. Get rid of that anxiety. You will accomplish everything you set your mind to because you are capable. I hope this helped someone. I hope you guys had some clarity. Uh, and yeah, I will see you in the next video. I love you guys so much and bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dambellavlogs [2 likes]: The main title start from 8:01 so enjoy
  2. @faustinaanas8410 [1 likes]: So much value in just one video, she really poured herself into this, and so authentic too
  3. @ByOumaima25 [1 likes]: What i love about her is the fact that she really wanna help us she explains everything and show us honestly how she did it she is amazing and i hope her the best, thank you liz ❤ , i started my chanel and seeing this motivated me to push my self and push my insecurities ❤
  4. @Lulema_ [1 likes]: You didn’t have to give us these details and lots of millionaires would not do it, yet you did! Thank you so much Liz we really appreciate it! God bless you
  5. @ariel_navyblue: I love you❤ thank u so much❤
  6. @saricca: This is literally what i needed to hear in this moment, thank you ❤
  7. @DragonGod900: I like this video she really a great speaker I save this video
  8. @KikaFrequencies: I love this video! Thank you xo
  9. @zehraaa.journals: I started yt js now, and this masterpiece showed up on my feed
  10. @Lilacdewy: I genuinely want to earn even tho im a med student but it will take time until i start earning so..
  11. @afsanasjourney: You've inspired me! Thank you for sharing 🌞✨
  12. @shaggydelrosario: ❤❤❤❤
  13. @وفااااااا: Thank you les, I'm watching from Iraq, I like your video, really 😊
  14. @moulibanerjee1212: I also started posting finally after years of thinking I wanna post
  15. @lovelykitty_: Such a helpful video ❤
  16. @itsallhair: Great tips!
  17. @heavenicopter: liz thank you so much for the freaking notes- i and many others appreciate the effort you took to thoughtfully write down all the instructions and all while pregnant too - thank you so much
  18. @KhadijaLathiwala: Thank You Liz ❤
  19. @simino__clips: ❤
  20. @velocity87: I am trynna to do but my environment is just not supported the niche here everything so cringe and i am stuck 😭

- My 2 apps made $1.5M: Kind: captions Language: en Within the last 12 months, I've built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. >> This is Kletchi, a 22-year-old from Nigeria who moved to the US with nothing but a dream to build a business. >> You know, I moved to the US with literally only $100 my name >> with his back against the wall in just a few months to prove himself. Kletchi built two apps that changed his life. >> Today, my apps have been downloaded over 700,000 [music] times across the App Store and Play Store. >> His secret sauce, distribution. But it's not SEO and it's not Tik Tok. It's something a little different. >> Here's what I think most people don't understand about mobile apps. >> By using the strategy, he was able to get millions of eyeballs on his idea virtually for free. I brought Kletchi onto the channel to break down exactly how he did it. And in this video, we'll dive into his two apps that made over a million dollars, his secret distribution strategy you've probably never heard of before, and his playbook on how he'd start over from scratch today. All right, let's dive in. I'm Pat Walls and this is Starter Story. Welcome, Kleti, to the channel. Tell me about who you are, what you built, and what's your story. >> Hi, I'm Kishi. Within the last 12 months, I built two apps that have generated 1.5 million in revenue. So, the first one is Social Wizard, and the second one is called Clin. I saw a guy on X talking about how he made a million dollars a month from an app. And right then was when I decided I was going to start building apps. >> Okay. Before we get into the apps that you built, I just want to understand some of the numbers behind this. You've done 1.5 million in revenue. What are these apps and what are some of the numbers behind them? >> Um, so we first launched in, you know, early 2024. I launched my first app and, uh, we went extremely viral. Quickly scaled to about $60,000 a month. Today, we've done over 600,000 downloads. Eventually, after some time, I put that business on autopilot and I launched my second app. And, uh, we hit about 10K in revenue within 2 weeks. and about 4 months later ended up exiting that to a UK based company. >> Okay, cool. I want to dig in a little bit into your first app, the first app that you built, the one that made nearly a million dollars. How did you actually find the idea for this app? >> The concept really came from my first app and it was basically a social application where people shared, you know, pictures in groups. It was called Casp. It grew to a few thousand users and over 20,000 pictures were posted on the app, but I mean eventually failed. And there was one particular girl on the app, you know, she would post all these really personal pictures about herself. I'll see her cooking. I'll see her, you know, working. I'll see her in class. And eventually, I became interested in this girl. And we started texting for a bit, but after a while, it didn't really go the way I planned. And so, I went to the app store and I searched up advice, life advice. I didn't really see any apps that could help me. And so, around this time, this was when OpenAI was really going heavy with the LLMs and I just whipped up like a script and I would get like lines to like text this girl. So, it wasn't even a product, it wasn't an app, it was just some back end I was playing around with. It was a script on NestJS that I had built. Eventually, my friends invited me to homecoming. I gave a few [music] people the app to play around with. And this was probably the first time that my high school friends cared about anything I was working on. That was when I realized that there might actually be something here. And eventually I whipped it together, polished it more, and released the app store. >> Okay, so the idea is clearly working. Your friends finally care about it. You launch into the app store, it becomes a live app. But then what I want to know is once you had the live app in the app store, how'd you grow it to make nearly a million dollars? So the first sale came in, you know, very very late January. We made about $10. I spent the next four weeks trying to crack distribution and uh eventually something stuck. You know, I figured out the viral formats. Literally 2 weeks after that happened, 3.5K in MR after 2 weeks. After 1 month, we had crossed $25,000 in MR. I think by month six, we had cash collected about $250,000. That year probably ended with about half a million cash collected. I haven't spent a dollar on marketing within the last year and we're literally still printing which is really good. >> Okay, Kletchi, so you mentioned something really important which is you cracked distribution. I want you to go deeper though. I want you to tell me how you actually cracked distribution. What was the secret sauce behind Social Wizard where there were lots of other apps that I'm sure did the same thing but didn't make nearly a million dollars like yours? >> I think distribution is really a show don't tell kind of game. With Social Wizard, people just use it for texting. Like that's the main use case that guys use it for. Everyone knows that Instagram is a [music] dating site. I think Instagram is a dating site masquerading as a social network. And we had this kind of like streamer strategy that we used to scale the app. There was a feature on social wizard where you can take the screenshots of a girl's story, put it on the app and it would generate like hints to say. That was the format that ended up going viral. But it took me a while to find that format myself. Initially I was making content myself to kind of find what was going to stick. When I found what kind of, you know, worked, then I went [music] to very, very micro streamers, very degenerate streamers. They hadn't really had any viral moments. Maybe they had some videos that had done like 100k, 200k, but I saw the edge with them because, you know, they were hitting the audience that we wanted. And uh I believe that if we worked with them and took shots with the formats that worked, we would go viral. And that's exactly what happened. So, this is an example of a collab that we did with a streamer. You know, I went to him and said, "Hey, this is the format that is working. A lot of people like to see videos like this. just recreate this. Just going to play for you so you see why this went viral and I'll tell you what we actually ended up getting from this video. >> What's this? Oh my god, look at her. >> If you want to go viral, you need to find a strategy to make the viewer pause. If your video doesn't make people pause, they're going to scroll past. And obviously, you can see why people pause on this. It starts with a very pretty girl. [music] And you know, this is literally where we integrate Social Wizard. He doesn't talk about trying to sell the app. The viewer is watching this like a regular video and he says, "Okay, it's a pretty girl. What do I say to the picture? How do I reply to the story? Everyone is probably thinking the same thing. Everyone watching this video is probably thinking, "How does he reply to this [music] story?" And let's see what he does. >> I don't know what to do. You know what? We're about to use the wizard app. Wizard app always do the trick. >> Start a conversation. I'm going add the picture of her. Flirty. All right. Cook up, please. That pink dress looks like it was made just for you. Planning on stealing any hearts tonight? I'm going to use that one. >> Boom. By this point, we've sold everyone what this product is. They don't even need to finish the clip. Distribution is always a show don't tell game. A lot of people think you need to try and sell your products, but demo what it does. Show people how it works. If they find value in it, they're going to download it. They're going to give you money and your app is going to scale. So, with this particular video, I paid this creator about $120 and the video hit 2 million views and brought in tens of thousands of dollars, which is insane [music] ROI. You can't get this on paid ad. You can't get this on UGC. And that's pretty much it. We took this format and we scaled it over and over and over and over and over again across multiple creators, multiple videos, and yeah, we just kept printing. >> One thing I love about Kletchi's story is how fast he built his apps. He had the idea, built it over just a couple weeks, and started getting users right [music] away. This is the power of what happens when you're using the right tools to build. And this is why I love today's sponsor, Emergent. Emergent is a vibe coding platform that turns your idea into a productionready app just by [music] chatting with AI. You can build full stack mobile apps with React Native, download [music] APKs to test on your phone, and deploy directly to the app store. And if you're building AI apps just like Keni, Emergent's universal LLM key gives you instant access [music] to OpenAI, Claude, and Gemini with no complex API setup required. And the best part about Emergent is [music] everything is production ready from day one. Built to handle real users and real traffic [music] without expensive rewrites. Over 1.5 million people are already building with Emergent. And their apps have hit 15 million ARR in just 3 months. If you're ready to turn your idea into a real app without the overhead, check out Emergent at the first link in the description right below. Thank you to Emergent for sponsoring this video. Let's get back into it. My next question for you would be if you were to start all over again knowing what you know, what would be your playbook to build a successful app right now? >> I think in 2025 product development is not enough anymore. If you don't find a way to tell people about your product, then you might as well not even build a product. Step one is I look at the niche. Is there a large volume of content already being produced in this niche? That's the first question I ask myself. And if the answer is yes, then I'll go to midsize to large creators to make [music] content. If it's no, then I would focus on making content myself. And it's very important that you don't outsource this process [music] because you want to learn as much as possible. A lot of people, they have capital and they just outsource the whole thing and they end up burning so much money and it never makes [music] any sense. Step two, produce the content. And this is where most people get it wrong. Working with creators is also a vol game, right? A lot of people reach out to five creators or 10 creators and they're like, "Ah, it's not working. It's not working." But in reality, you might have to reach out to 100 creators to get one that will work for you. But once you find a creator that is willing to work with you and you put out content with them, it's much easier to get more creators on board because then you can have that creator's video and leverage it to other creators. And all you're trying to do is make [music] clips with the creator to find what kind of works, right? A lot of people think you need to find the viral format from day one. Not really. You just need to find something that kind of works. And it's always important that you make content on Tik Tok when you're trying to find a viral format and not Instagram. It's easier to go viral on Tik Tok on new accounts compared to Instagram. create a page, start making content. I'll start with three videos a day. You know, on let's say two accounts, so you have two accounts, you're making three videos a day, maybe two on one account, one on another account. The goal here is consistency and volume. After a week or two, you scale that up to 10. You scale that [music] up to 20. A lot of people believe in this idea of virality being a luck game. But if you're putting out a 100 videos per day, that's 700 videos in a week. If one went viral, I don't think you would call that luck. You would pretty much think that you earned that. And so, when it comes to distribution, it's never luck. It's deterministic. Go full auto. Create as much volume as possible. One would stick. If you try hard enough, you're going to find out viral formats. Step three, scale. If you're working with creators, you want to work with as much as possible. You want to reproduce your content to reach out to more, more, more. The more you reach out, the easier it is to get in contact with more creators and get them pumping out the same videos. You don't have to go to creators that are directly in your space. They could be adjacent. I'll give you an example. For Social Widget, for example, these micro streamers that we work with, none of them were really making content for [music] our space about social skills. It was kind of a lot of different things. They were making content about Fortnite, you know, people breaking into McDonald's, [music] just crazy stuff. They were reacting to videos, but again, they were hitting our audience and there was a lot of potential I saw with them being able to create content. If you're building an app that is in health and fitness, you could go to cooking creators. You don't have to go to creators who are directly in your niche, and if you try hard enough, you'll find something that will stick. >> Okay, cool. I mean, that playbook is awesome. It's all about distribution. I want to go back a little bit and talk to you about ideas. You launched two very successful apps. You're a very busy guy. You probably have a bunch more ideas for things that could work. Could you share with the audience right now some of your mobile app ideas you have in 2025? >> I think the education niche is massively overlooked. I mean, right now, everyone is building apps in health and fitness and lifestyle, and that's kind of like where the craze is going today. There's so much information out there. You could build an app about how to get better at boxing, how to get better at swimming, how to even get better at persuasion. If you package it properly, I think there's a huge opportunity there. So, I think education is a really good space I think people should start looking into. >> Uh, well, we haven't really talked about it yet, but I'd love to actually see what you build. You have two apps that made $1.5 million. What are these apps? What do they do? >> So, the first one is Social Wizard. It's an AI powered application that helps guys improve their social skills. Most of the users who use the app are within the ages of 16 to 24. I guess what we're selling here is confidence, making it easier for people to [music] uh reply to the DMs they get. For this app, we monetize through subscriptions. It's a weekly subscription about $10 a [music] week. We have a monthly about 20 bucks and there is a yearly for about 80. And the second one is called Clean Eats. Very simple. It's an app in health and fitness. You scan the barcode of a food product and will tell you how it affects your skin or your weights. Most of the users who use this are [music] women within the ages of 18 to say about 28 is the core market. One thing I'll say app founders need to do is when you look at your products, try to extrapolate what you're actually selling. Because when you're looking at cleans, you can say we're trying to sell this healthy [music] alternatives to products, but what is the purpose of being healthy? What is that going to get me? But if you tell me, hey, don't eat this food product cuz it's going to mess up my skin. I am not going to touch it. I think for both apps, really what we're selling was confidence. >> Okay, let's switch topics here. You built these apps yourself. What's the tech stack? How do you build apps, >> right? So for me, I'm a React Native guy. With all these tools today like charge, it's very, very [music] easy to build a very performative app with React Native. For back end, I love NJS. [music] You can deploy that anywhere. Render Heroku, it doesn't really matter as long as the server works. Database, Firebase [music] is my go-to. Very simple, highly scalable, very affordable. And analytics, we just use Mixpanel. Always optimize for a stack that would get your product out there as soon as possible and is highly scalable. >> And on that same note, I want to understand a little bit about the cost to run a business like this. What are the margins like for a solarreneur running multiple apps? For Social Wizard, most of the expenses was really marketing. You know, after Apple takes their cuts, profit margins are really over 90%. Because there wasn't really much we're spending money on. So, every month, we only spend like 1 to maybe 2K on infrastructure cost. These apps barely cost anything to run. You're going to end up spending like 90% of your budgets on marketing. [music] If you do it properly, the cash flow is insane. >> Okay. Well, thank you for sharing that, being transparent about those numbers. The last question that I have for you that we ask everyone who comes on Starter Story, if you could stand on Young Kletchi shoulders before Social Wizard, what would be your advice? Or to anyone who's watching this that wants to build apps, what would you tell them? >> You're not crazy for being extremely obsessed with your goals. You're [music] not weird if you choose not to go out on the weekends because building is all you love to do. And this is something I heard from Alex Mozi. To be exceptional, by definition, you have to be the exception. And I think that's okay. >> That's great advice. Thank you Kletchi for coming on sharing this. Congrats on your success. Two very successful apps. I know people watching this will be inspired. Thank you for coming on. >> Thank you for having me Pat. >> Okay. Thank you to Kletchi for coming on to the channel. I especially liked what he said at the end there about what tech stack to use. [music] Keep it simple. Build stuff that solves problems and focus on distribution. But in order to do that, you need to actually build something. And what better [music] than to build it with all these AI coding tools that are taking off and allowing you to build apps [music] in days. This is why we launched Starter Story Build, which is our program where in just a couple weeks we will show you how to use AI to build anything you [music] want. So whether you want to launch a mobile app or a microsass, Starter Story Build can help you get there. Just head to the link in the [music] description to check out Starter Story Build. I think you're going to love it. All right, that's it for this episode, guys. Thank you for watching. We'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RP-ci8dj [18 likes]: If I was making 1.5 a year you wouldn’t see me making YouTube video
  2. @starterstory [2 likes]: Grow your mobile app with our cheat sheet: https://clickhubspot.com/dprm
  3. @buzzeins [2 likes]: Bullshit
  4. @mister_mysterium_tremendum [1 likes]: and I made a billion through my sheer good looks. sure bud.... that's why you're on youtube making a video about it right?
  5. @coterie_black: Haha the ux/product design and dev on those apps is absolute dog shit. There is no way he has made even close to a million on those two combined.
  6. @divinefavourraymond777: Wow Nigerian.. there's hope man 🎉
  7. @rcpanes: Hi, you are very humble. I appreciate all your input and advice, Kelechi. Keep inspiring newbie like me. :socialdist:
  8. @EddieFonzarelliTTV0451: Surely aspiring vibe coders have to be proper coders in the first place to really leverage the app, no?
  9. @ThePalatzo: I’ve been watching several Starter Story interviews where developers share how they’ve built businesses generating millions in revenue. What struck me, though, is that many of them appear to live in modest, undecorated apartments based on the video backgrounds - which by the way are not wallpapers.
 If these earnings are real, why do so many successful founders choose to remain in such simple living spaces rather than upgrading? Is this a reflection of lifestyle choices, reinvestment priorities, or perhaps the realities behind revenue vs. profit?
  10. @adl7370: GEMSS
  11. @95katebiel: amazing interview! 😄Thank you so much, your words made me feel better.
  12. @Justin2Game: I made some sick things I just need advide pushing them out or gettintg traffic please someone help me thank you
  13. @mattiaguerriero6108: <3
  14. @mykolaz.0: Nice
  15. @JTLJTL0: The U.S. is not letting someone move to the United States if they don't have a sponsor, proof of family somewhere, or money. So all that coming to America with $100 is false.
  16. @Sam-123-z2o: He paid influencers to make it viral. Very difficult. They can eat all your investments
  17. @lrodriguez0108: Hey I have an app idea which ive been thinking about for months and feel like is a necessity for this generation. An app i wld definitely use. I dont know how to code. Who do  I contact to start working on an app?
  18. @J123-d8j: wow what a lame apps :D people are so desperate. good for him it sells though.
  19. @dungeonsofkards: This is a lie, my friends.....those crap apps dont make 1,5M
  20. @Velmiorr: So incredibly uplifting

- 4 Ways to Make Money With Claude AI That Nobody Is Talking About: Kind: captions Language: en Claude AI is one of the most powerful tools out right now, but 90% of people are using it completely wrong. Most people are using it like a chatbot when in reality you can actually use it to build things that people will pay for. So, in this video, I'm going to show you four ways to make money with Claude AI that nobody is talking about. And the first one is something that you could realistically create in just a few hours and potentially start selling the same day. It's something called microdigital worksheets. These are simple things like worksheets and templates that solve one very specific problem. And so things like self-worth worksheets or starting a business worksheets or like ADHD worksheets, things like that. Someone can buy it, download it, and start using it instantly. And that's why these tend to sell so well. But here is where this gets really interesting. You see, because normally creating something like this would take a lot of time. You'd have to plan it. You'd have to structure everything out, write everything out, all of that. But now you can have Claude generate the entire product for you. It's actually pretty insane. And I'll show you exactly how to generate these within Claude in just a second. But first, I want to really quickly show you something. Let's hop into Etsy so that I can show you how well these things can potentially sell. So, if you're not already aware, Etsy is a popular online marketplace that gets about 450 million visits every single month. Okay? And these types of products are very popular on this platform. And so, just to kind of show you some numbers here, I'm just going to type in the word worksheet into the search here. And you can see a bunch of things pop up. So, we've got things like, you know, the self- sabotage worksheet or a declutter worksheet or mental health or a therapy mega pack or like a kids learning activities. So, I'm just going to click on this one right here, this therapy uh bundle of worksheets, just so you can see how real this is. On average, this, you know, this one worksheet right here is getting about 32 sales per month, which is about $1,100 in monthly revenue. Now, this listing is about 40 months old, which is a little bit over 3 years, but you can see over the course of 3 years, this one worksheet bundle has made over $82,000. Right? The the numbers are right there on the screen. I can't make this up. But let's take a look at another example. Okay, so this one right here is only 27 pages long, and it's a self-sabotage worksheet. So, let's just see what the numbers are on this one. So, this one on average is selling about 21 times per month, making about $200 uh per month, which honestly is not bad, you know, considering that most of this can be created within Claude. There is going to be a little bit of human effort that goes into it, of course, but Claude is going to handle a big portion of the work for us. But anyways, let's take a look at one more example. I'm going to click on this ADHD worksheet right here, which is only selling for, you know, $3.50. And on average, it's getting about 40 sales per month, which is about $200 in monthly revenue. And so, listen, this is not like a get-rich quick scheme, okay? That's not what I'm trying to show you here. But what I do want you to see is that this is very realistic, okay? And we can create these types of worksheets within Clawude. So, now let me show you how you would actually make something like this. So, if you spend a lot of time online like I do, you might not realize that your activity is pretty much always being tracked. For example, your IP address can be seen by websites or your internet service provider can see what you're doing and what sites you're browsing on. And even worse, if you're on something like public Wi-Fi, your data can even be exposed. And that's where a VPN like Surf Shark comes in, who is the sponsor of this video. What Surf Shark does is it encrypts your internet connection and it hides your IP address. And so instead of your real location and activity being visible, everything is private and secure. And the setup is honestly super simple. You download it on either your laptop or your phone, open up the app, and connect to a server. And from there, your connection is protected. On top of that, Surf Shark has a bunch of extra built-in features. And so things like a kill switch that protects you if your connection drops, add and tracker blocking, and even things like rotating your IP address over time, so it's harder to track you. And one thing that I personally like is that you can use it on unlimited devices. And so your phone, laptop, everything can be covered under one account. So whether you're just browsing using public Wi-Fi or honestly just want more privacy online, it's one of those things that you can just turn on and have running in the background to keep your connection private online. If you want to check it out, I'll leave a link in the description and the pin comment down below, or you can just go to surfshark.com/joshuao and be sure to use code Joshua Mayo at checkout to get an extra 4 months for free. So, all you're going to do is just take a prompt just like this one. And I'll have a link, of course, to this exact prompt down below in the description of the video. But you're just going to take this prompt and then you're just going to drop that prompt directly into Claw. And basically what you're going to do here is you're just going to update all of these different areas to fit the type of worksheet that you want to create. And basically, you can just tweak a few parts of this prompt, like the topic or the category focus area or like the number of pages that you want or the style, different things like that. Just tweak all of these different settings and then Claude will develop a full uh worksheet bundle for you. So, for this example, I'm going to create a YouTube channel launch kit. And here's a really quick hack for you. Okay? Instead of having to update all of these areas yourself, you can actually just have Claw do it for you. So, I'm going to paste in this this template right here. And I'm just going to say, I want to create a YouTube channel launch kit workbook with 25 worksheets using this template. Please create that for me. Claud's going to spend a few seconds thinking about it. And then you can see right there it says, "Now I'll build this comprehensive 25 worksheet YouTube channel launch kit workbook as a PDF." This will just take a moment. So now it's going to start generating this workbook for us. And once it's done, we'll come back and I'll show you what it's created. Okay. Okay. So, let's take a look to see what it has created for us. So, I'm going to pull it up right here so that you can see it. Overall, it does a really good job of creating the PDF as you can see. But in in my honest opinion, I think the overall idea and the overall theme of it is really good. It's just it needs some work, right? There's some definite formatting issues and things like that, but this is something that is only maybe going to take me like 30 minutes to fix by myself versus like a week and a half to create the entire PDF by myself. So, I'll just head over to Canva and then click on create and then upload. And I'm just going to drag in that file that we just downloaded from Claude. All right. So, I'm in Canva now. And you can see that, you know, all these elements are still here. All we have to do is just make adjustments to them. Like, I'm going to make sure that all of these are, you know, sitting inside the box perfectly center and you know, just that kind of stuff, right? Just kind of go through here, fix any obvious formatting issues. But overall, as you can see, the worksheet is created. I told you a few minutes ago that there is going to be some human uh input that has to happen with you. And that's totally fine. Claude's not going to be perfect every single time. It's AI. It's never going to be perfect. But once you were done formatting everything, you would just click right here on share and then download and then export this as a PDF standard. And now you have something that you can actually sell, right? You then upload this into Etsy, list it for 5, 10, maybe $20, and now you've got a real product that you can sell online. And that's why this works so well. You can create these fast. Um, test different ideas quickly, and if something starts selling really well, you just double down on that category. All right. Now, the next way to make money with Claude is by having it create viral wall art for you. You've probably seen these before, but maybe didn't realize people were actually making money with it. So, basically, these are just simple pieces of artwork that people can download, print, and then hang up in their homes or wherever they want. And some of these listings are selling hundreds, even thousands of times. So, let's go ahead and hop into Etsy really quickly so that I can show you what I'm talking about. So, from Etsy, I'm just going to type in printable wall art. And you can see here all of these different options. Now, I'm here. It's a pink tulip painting. It's a a very simple painting of just pink tulips that they're selling for $6. You can see that over the past month, this is sold 24 times. I'm earning this shop about $145 in revenue. Let's look at another example. So, I'm going to click on maybe 100 nature prints. So, this is like a bundle of prints that are selling for $11.20. Over the past month, this has sold 46 times, earning this shop about $1,290 in revenue from these prints that you can generate using AI tools. Let's look at one more example. This Pink Girl nursery wall art print, there might be 100 180 prints inside this bundle right here. But for $11.76, this printable wall art set is selling about 142 times per month, making this shop about $4,000 per month. Now, here's where this gets really interesting. Creating things like this used to require like actual design skills. Like, you had to be an artist to make things like this. But now, you can generate artwork just like this using AI image generation tools like Midjourney and then use Claude to help you come up with the midjourney prompts and just help you to structure everything out. So, we're going to create a few of these now so that you can see the full process for yourself. So, here's how I would basically go about creating these, right? So, the first thing I would do is I would just find a listing that is selling really well because that's going to kind of give you an idea for what you should sell on your Etsy shop as well. So, for example, these um this set of six botanical prints has sold 24 times in the last month on average and is making about $250 per month on average just this one listing. Right? If we click into this person's shop right here, we can see that on average they're getting about $455 sales per month and making about $3600 per month from just selling these prints. Okay. Uh in total since their shop has been open, they've made about $600,000 from selling these art prints, which is wild, right? And that's actually on the lower side. I've seen shops that have made way more money than that. But in any case, how would you go about creating art prints like this using Claude and you know something like Midjourney maybe? So here's what I would do. First, I'm just going to take a screenshot of these art prints here. Then I'm going to go into Claude and just drop in that screenshot right there. And then I'm just going to explain to Claude what I intend to do like with these images. So basically, I want Claude to analyze these images, these art prints, and give me six unique prompts that I can then enter into MidJourney to create similar art prints. That's all I'm going to say to it. So, I'll enter that in right there. And just like that, it has given us these six prints. Okay. Then, I'm going to go ahead and take one of these art prints as an example, and we're going to head into MidJourney. Okay. So, once on MidJourney, uh right up here in this box that says, "What will you imagine?" I'm just going to paste in that prompt that I just copied. If all that looks good, we'll click on enter. And you can see that it's going to begin generating these images for us. Now, one thing I will say is I don't want to necessarily just copy this listing. You can see that it's it's essentially just copying the listing, which hey, we did ask Claude to do that and it gave us prompts that look really really good. You know, like you look at this one here that's selling, you know, and making this person about $300 per month. And then you look at the one that uh Claude has created for us or has given us the prompt and then MidJourney created for us. And this looks phenomenal. Like it looks so so good. Now, but here's the thing, though. I don't want to just copy the listing. I want something unique still. Okay. So, what I'm going to say is I want something unique. And I'm just going to go ahead and start entering in all of these prompts here. Okay. So, I think this is a lot better. So, you can see it's kind of going with like a blue theme. Um, this is like a blue theme, but the flowers are different looking versus these ones, which are are definitely unique enough compared to this original listing here. Now, one thing that most people get wrong when they start trying to sell wall art like this is they don't think about the fact that different customers are going to need different sizes, like different dimensions of the printable wall art. One customer might need a, you know, 8x10 size while another needs a 16x20 and another needs a 24x 36. And if you don't provide all of these different sizes within each of your listings for all of the artwork, your listings just aren't going to stand out because this is what all of the top sellers are doing. Now, normally resizing and cropping all of these would probably take honestly like weeks of your time. It would be a very timeconuming process. But guys, this is honestly crazy. Instead of having to do all of this manually, you can actually have Claude generate a simple like image cropping tool for you. So check it out. All you have to do is just paste in this prompt right here. And what this does is it creates this tool for you so that when you drop your image in, it automatically generates all of the different sizes you need. It's it's mind-blowing. So, I ran the prompt and it created this tool for me. I'm just going to click right here on publish artifact and it's going to give me this link right here that I can then copy and open up in my browser. So, I'm going to go ahead and go ahead back into MidJourney, and I'm just going to download one of these flower images here. Let's just go with this one. And if you want to, I'm just going to click generate crops here so you can see something. So, I can choose to download all of these cropped images now. Or I can choose to fix where the image is cropped on some of these sizes. And so, you can see the 8x10 and the 11x4. Both of those crops are kind of cutting off the flower at the top. So, if I click right here on manual crop and then I choose 8x10, you can see that I can now adjust where the crop should happen. So, I want it to be about right there. So, the flower is not getting cut off. And then I'll do the same thing for 11 by 14. And then we'll just click generate crops. And you can see that it updates the crops right there for us. And now I can download all of these uh new crop sizes. I think it is absolutely it blows my mind that a tool like Claude can generate a full working functioning tool that we can publish online and use. Like you have to understand a tool like this would normally cost you money to use but with Claude we can generate the tool in literally minutes. It completely blows my mind like where we are with technology and stuff. Like this is crazy to me. So now instead of spending, you know, 20 to 30 extra minutes per image having to crop out all of these different sizes, you're doing it in just a few seconds. From there, you would just take all of these prints that you generated and you would, you know, go and create your Etsy shop, download a few mockup images from Etsy for like a couple of dollars, and then place your artwork inside of these mockups because this right here is how they should be presented on your Etsy listings. And now your product looks way more complete and way more professional. And with all of those different cropped sizes, you'll actually be able to compete against the other larger sellers. Anyways, the next way to make money with Claude is by using it to build a faceless YouTube channel. You probably watch these all the time without even thinking about it. They're basically channels that don't show a person on the camera. All it is is a voice over with some visuals. And some of these channels are pulling in crazy views and making absolute bank from YouTube ad revenue and sponsorship deals. And here's the interesting part, okay? A lot of them are already using AI behind the scenes. So here I want to show you a few examples so you can see what I'm talking about. So I've got a few examples pulled up here of kind of like faceless YouTube channels that are doing really well that you could easily use AI to help you create. And I think I suspect that many of these channels probably are already using AI in their videos. So the first one here is this channel here called Whisper Diaries. And it's basically just like scary story videos. So the entire video I'm just going to play here. The entire video is just these im these kind of like moving images here. You can see this looks like it's kind of AI generated. I wouldn't be surprised if it is. It's just a car driving on a road. And if I fast forward here, you can see it's like almost like a still image of a creepy looking road. Another still image just kind of like slowly zooming in. More still images. So honestly, it looks like only the beginning is just like this moving image here. But for the rest of the video, it looks like it's just these still images. And these can easily be generated within a tool like Midjourney. You can have Claude help you kind of generate the prompts for these images. You can literally have Claude give you specific prompts to use for specific lines within the script that it develops for you. Okay. Um, another example is like a a kids storytelling video. So, you know, you've got this kind of big silly crocodile here. It's very basic kind of like almost paper 3D paper like a paper cutout style. Once again, with a tool like Higsfield AI, you can definitely generate something similar to this or at least some type of like animation style video that would do really well as a kids storytime video or like a kids animation or like an educational video, something like that. Uh here's another example. How did people sleep in medieval castles? See how it says altered or synthetic content? So that basically just means that this person is using AI because you have to, you know, within YouTube, you have to tell it if you're using AI or not. And this person is using AI to create this 1.2 million view video. It's literally just still images. That's it. The entire video is just still images that they that they generated from an AI tool. Okay, I can't make this stuff up. Like you can see for yourself right here that they're just using AI to create these videos. Okay, another example. How did sleep during the ice age? Once again, animation style. Something similar to this can definitely be created within a tool like Higsfield. Hicksfield has like a ton of different models to work with and stuff like that. And they give you like a lot of different um templates to work from. And so you would definitely be able to generate an animated kind of style video that you could use for your faceless channel. Okay, so those are just a few examples I wanted to show you just so you can see for yourself that this is real. Now, here's where this gets interesting. Okay, because with tools like Claude and Higsfield AI, you can do this way faster than before. And so in this example, Claude is handling the idea and the scripting and a generative AI tool like Hakesfield or whichever one you prefer is handling all of the visual assets for you. And so creating all of the images and the videos for you using AI. And so let me show you what this actually looks like. Let's just say, for example, that I wanted to create a simple video in the mini documentary YouTube niche. I can just come into Claude and give it a prompt like this. Uh, give me a few ideas for a video on my mini documentary YouTube channel. And within a few seconds, it gives me a list of ideas. I can then choose one of these ideas and ask Claude to write a full script for that video. And of course, after it's done generating the script for you, you can go through and modify it and things like that. Ask Claude to update certain sections for you to explain things in more detail, whatever you want. Just talk to the tool the same way that you would talk to an actual writer. Like if you were to hire a script writer, you would have very specific feedback for that human script writer. You would just talk to Claude the same exact way to get the results that you want. From there, I just simply take parts of that script and then bring it into Higsfield. And this is where the visuals come from. And so I can describe scenes and generate clips or even images if I wanted to and start building out the video visually without ever having to touch a camera. Then you can combine that with a voice over. Either you can record a voice over yourself like as your own voice, which is what I would recommend, or you can use an AI uh voice over tool, something like, you know, 11 Labs to create a voice over like an AI voiceover for you. But to add as much human touch to your video as possible, which is what YouTube wants to see, I would recommend you just recording your voice over as your own voice. But then you would put everything together in your preferred uh editing software. And just like that, you have a full faceless YouTube video. Now, like with any of the ideas in this video, if you want a more detailed tutorial uh of me just breaking down how to do it, leave a comment down below. And if enough people leave a comment for one of these ideas, I'll make that video. Now, the last way to make money with clawed AI is by creating spreadsheet templates. This is one of those ideas that is not flashy at all, but it works really well because people are constantly looking for simple ways to stay organized, whether it's through tracking their budget or planning content or managing a business or even like organizing things like weddings or travel. And instead of building these spreadsheets themselves, most people would rather pay, you know, a couple of dollars for a template that is already done for them. So, I'm just going to head back into Etsy really quick and just search for something like budget tracker or if you wanted to, you could even do like content planner or wedding tracker planner, whatever. Just type in something that's going to pull up a spreadsheet uh template for you. And when we search that, you're going to see listings with hundreds, sometimes even thousands of sales. So, let's take a look at this ultimate budget spreadsheet right here. That's selling for $10.70. You can see right here that over the past month, it's gotten about 808 sales, which has made this shop over $16,000, which is absolutely crazy for just a spreadsheet. Or let's take a look at this budget tracker that's only selling for 99, just $1. So, over the past month, it's gotten uh $1,800 sales and made this shop over $3,500 from just a simple budget um spreadsheet that's selling for a dollar. I mean, like, it blows my mind that you can make this much money on something so simple that we can create with AI. Let's take a look at another example, like perhaps a content planner, and just see what pops up here. So, these are different types of like content planner or like social media planner spreadsheets, right? So, let's just click on this one right here. Social media planner spreadsheet. It's selling for $4. So, over the past month, they've gotten 51 sales and it's made this shop over $400 from a simple spreadsheet. Okay, I can't even emphasize how crazy this is. How we live in this this time where you can use AI to build things for you and then sell those things online to start making some legitimate money. Like if you treat this like a real business and you take it serious and you actually leverage AI to help you create these things, you would be surprised with the fact that you can actually build like a real sustainable business with this, right? Even on the side just to make some extra money. Listen, this is not like a get-rich quick scheme. This is a real legitimate thing that people are doing to make money. Now, here's exactly where Claude comes in, okay? Instead of having to figure out all of this by yourself and creating these spreadsheets from scratch, including all of the different formulas and things like that, you can have Claude map out the entire spreadsheet for you. And so these same spreadsheets that you see being sold on Etsy, we can create with Claude. So, let's go ahead and walk through this now. Now, the setup might sound a bit technical, and to be honest with you, it is, but as long as you just follow the instructions, you should be able to get through it without too many hiccups. So, you basically need two things to set this up. First, you install something called Google Workspace CLI using Claude. And to do this, you literally just paste in this setup prompt right here, which I'll give you down in the description below, and you'll just run this prompt. So, after that, Claude will tell you exactly how to set all of this up, and it'll give you a couple of prerequisites. And so, first, you'll need to create something called OOTH credentials within a Google Cloud project. To do this, just go to Google Cloud Console by clicking on the link that Claude gives you right here. Next, create a new project and then set up the OOTH credentials. And then the next step is actually installing the Google Workspace CLI. And this is the part that actually lets Claude interact with your Google tools. And so things like Google Sheets. And the easiest way to do this is this first option that Claude gives you right here, which is just installing uh via npm. And so if you just tell it to install via npm, it'll give you the exact instructions for how to do this. And like I said, as long as you just follow these instructions exactly as it says, you shouldn't really run into many issues. But the final step should be a quick authentication step and then signing into your Google account and approving access. And that's it. Now Claude should be fully connected to your Google Sheets. And just like the other ideas, you build it once and it can sell over and over again, right? Because it's a digital product. You only create it once and it can sell an infinite number of times. And this works because it solves a real problem, right? People don't want to have to spend hours building spreadsheets when they can simply go to Etsy and buy a spreadsheet that already does the exact thing that they want for a few dollars. Hey, if you got value from this video, make sure to drop a like down below and subscribe if you want to see more content like this. Also, if you have any questions, feel free to drop them down below as well. Thank you so much for being here and as always, I will see you again in the next video. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoshuaMayo [5 likes]: ⚡ Go to https://surfshark.com/joshuamayo or use code JOSHUAMAYO at checkout to get 4 extra months of Surfshark VPN!
  2. @keoaw [3 likes]: The thing with YouTube AI channels is that what you maybe don’t know is that many of these channels get shut down really fast or don’t even get monetized at all because the content doesn’t fit the creator guidelines.

Besides that, okay, let’s say we use Higgsfield and Claude, but on top of that you still need a voice model, which costs money, and an editing tool like CapCut.

Also, the whole YouTube AI faceless channel method is one of the hardest things to get into or become successful with because it became way too popular. Many niches like philosophy, money, or those explain-style stickman ape videos are already extremely saturated.

Now let’s say you try to do something completely unique for a specific group of people, where there are actually viewers waiting for that type of content. The problem then becomes that the YouTube algorithm has a hard time understanding where to push those videos because that kind of content barely exists yet. So it ends up showing the videos to random people it thinks might be interested.

That’s bad because even if some people click on the video, most won’t actually watch it. Others might leave within the first few seconds or halfway through, which signals to the algorithm that the content is not interesting to a broader audience.

So what I’m trying to say is that the whole “YouTube AI channel” thing he is talking about is not easy at all. The content still needs real value, and low-effort storytelling formats like simple explain videos are already getting heavily punished or demonetized.
  3. @dabest21 [1 likes]: Are you making different Etsy accounts for each idea?
  4. @druid-manoj [1 likes]: Good idea bro
  5. @JulianoCamilo [1 likes]: Joshua, If you multiply the total number of sales by the sales ticket value, the total value doesn't reach what's shown in the video. Is that correct?
  6. @JosephVeltri-l7p: Nothing to it everyone can make $18000 in a few weeks if so everyone would do it you are the exception not the rule
  7. @IlonaWilson-i5w: Fantastic simple video. Thank you 🤗
  8. @lordvix_: Hi Joshua, great video. However I have an issue, my country of residence does not appeear on etsy, what do I do? is it possible to sell my products elsewhere or is this video soley for etsy? 

Thanks
  9. @Annie-freedom: This Taoiseach wash his hands every time and accuse other people’s arguments as “political”.. so, no one is taking responsibility for anything.
  10. @likeitis5662: Now everyone will do it and markets are saturated lol so no point
  11. @djcool007: I Already have surfshark I recommend it
  12. @WEAREAPE: Mixing this with the obsidian vault would be insane
  13. @KeyanTravel: Great video and easy to follow through. Would like video on making faceless youtube channel in detail if possible using Claude. What is your recommended video editor?
  14. @zolilenicolasbokolo7264: Please show me how in details
  15. @rohitgade7819: Why are you not doing and asking others
  16. @LeoDanny-kd4qu: After 2 minutes, scrolling down and up and listening to you, I am no longer interest in the 4 Ways you talking ... there... You're sick...
  17. @augustineemeh1697: Amazon video 🙌🏻
Please how can I get the prompt you used to generate different sizes?
  18. @SacredMiracles: If you see a lot of great comments on a video don't act on that video. On an executable video people don't comment but act😂
  19. @CampbellTackett: Right but you will also need to pay a lot of money monthly to use all of these AI tools
  20. @harisahmed4734: No one in comment who made $$$$$$

- Money Loves Me (Official Lyric Video) – Alchemist Harmony | powerful  & Affirmation for Abundance: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] money wants me and it's always here for me I am a magnet attracting wealth with ease money loves me money needs me money wants me flowing endlessly I am worthy of abundance I open the door money loves me and it comes more and more attract prosperity it's my reality money loves me money needs me money wants me endlessly with gratitude I receive money loves me and I believe money flows I am in tune money loves me and it's coming soon yeah money loves me money needs me money wants me throwing endlessly money loves me money needs me money wants me flowing endlessly with the Gratitude I receive money loves me and I soon money loves me money needs me money endlessly Yeahs flowing endlessly with gratitude I receive money loves me and I believe money flows I am in tune money loves me and it's coming endlessly wants flowing endlessly money money money needs me money wants me flowing loves me and I loves me and it's coming soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlchemistHarmony [1300 likes]: song lyric :

Money loves me, money needs me,
Money wants me, and it’s always here for me.
I am a magnet, attracting wealth with ease,
Money loves me, money needs me,
Money wants me, flowing endlessly.

I am worthy of abundance, I open the door,
Money loves me, and it comes more and more.
I attract prosperity, it’s my reality,
Money loves me, money needs me,
Money wants me, endlessly.

With gratitude, I receive,
Money loves me, and I believe.
Money flows, I am in tune,
Money loves me, and it’s coming soon.
  2. @badshazeeshan2202 [2 likes]: Love from India 🇮🇳
  3. @KaaviyavarshiniKaaviyavarshini [1 likes]: Actually im attracting money effortlessly after watching this thank u so so much❤❤❤❤
  4. @Sweetie-Ilu [1 likes]: Day 26
  5. @TheTruthSeekar07: DAY 03
  6. @kyawthetwin5281: Money is my best friend❤❤❤
  7. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 33
  8. @Sunflowerkokoro: I broke up with money that's why money don't love me 😂😂
  9. @holenyeptho4350: Wow money is ever thinking 😊😊😊
  10. @ChampaGhosh-k1p: Maximum  energy
  11. @TheTruthSeekar07: DAY 02
  12. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 32
  13. @TheTruthSeekar07: i'm in target to do this affirmation for next 90 days... its DAY 01
  14. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 31
  15. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 30
  16. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 29
  17. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 28
  18. @Lizzie_TN-i3n: I need moneyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy😊😅
  19. @Sweetie-Ilu: Day 27
  20. @Zainabq8s9t: فلوسسسس💃🏻💃🏻

- I studied 100+ hooks, this strategy will make you go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is a hook and this is a hook. I've spent hundreds of hours scouring the internet to find the best hook strategies and the results have taken my views from this to this. In today's video, I'm going to break down how you can use hooks to get the same results. By the way, this video is sponsored by Story Blocks. More on them later. There has been a huge shift when it comes to how successful creators, keyword successful, have been approaching their hooks. And the shift is this. They are no longer thinking about hooks as a catchy sentence. Instead, they're thinking about hooks like a moment. So, it's a mixture of words, visuals, and pacing, which is designed to grab your audience's attention. Now, I'm not going to spend loads of time talking about why hooks are super important, because at the end of the day, you know why they're important. They take up those precious first few seconds of your content that are designed to grab your audience's attention. And if you don't do it well, people will scroll past your content, and you will not get the views, the engagement, and genuinely the recognition that your content deserves. So, let's break down what thinking of your hooks as a moment actually means. There are now three core elements that make up a fantastic hook. And again, I say now because previously there really was just one element which was saying a really catchy sentence, which is definitely something I was guilty of for years. I'm going to show you some examples later. Don't you worry. We're moving on from it being one catchy sentence to it being a whole moment. And there are three elements which make up that moment. There are the words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your content. There are the visuals. So, these are the stuff that people see on your content. And there's the pacing. So, this is how quickly you actually get through your initial hook and video intro. Now, I want to break each of these elements down further so that you can truly understand how to utilize each to create an amazing hook. And later on in this video, I'm going to share real life examples of my own content when I've done it well and when I've done it not so well. So, let's talk about the words first. So, these are things that you're either saying on camera or just words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your video content. In order for the words that your audience are hearing to be effective, you want them to be specific, surprising, and hopefully create a bit of tension. For example, instead of saying, "Here are three tips to grow on Instagram, this is one that I'm pretty sure I've probably used in the past, and you know what? Maybe that worked in the past. I'll give myself some grace." Nowadays, those words aren't going to cut it. Instead, you might want to say something like, "Here's the reason nobody cares about your Instagram posts." Do you see how much more dramatic that alternative option is? You essentially want to give all of your words like a bit of a drama test. Are they dramatic enough? Could you be a bit more dramatic in what you're saying and in your delivery? Honestly, the more dramatic it is, the more likely it is to actually capture people's attention and stop them scrolling. The second element is the visuals. This is the element that's the most new when it comes to how hooks are working on social media nowadays. Previously, words are enough and now we've got to throw in visuals, too. A good hook will have visual elements appear on the screen that are designed to get your audience's attention. So whether that's captions, special effects, graphics, or maybe you just do something really interesting in the first few seconds of your video that gets someone's attention. A really great example of this is the foreshadowing trend. Do you guys remember that? Where people would basically take a clip of them doing something really embarrassing like maybe they fell over or something and they would frontend the video with that clip. So the first few seconds of the video would be them falling over and the rest of the video would be snippets which show the events which led up to them falling over. This trend worked so well, not only because it was super funny and interesting, but also because it had a hook built into its template. It literally forced you to open with the most exciting part. And in this example, that was something visual. Third element is pacing. During the first few seconds of your video, you need to bring the energy. Okay? You need to have some energy and some pacing in that video. We do not want a slow start. We do not want pauses unless they're used effectively. And again, I'm going to show you some examples of a pause being used effectively in just a moment. What we don't Oh, my dog's slipping. By the way, my dog just got neuted, so she's in this little outfit so that she doesn't bother her scar. They wouldn't give her a cone because she has too long of a nose. Anyway, what we want to do if we're using pauses is we want to use them for dramatic effect. What we don't want to do is use the millennial pause. Have you guys heard about the millennial pause? It's essentially when people, usually millennials, take this breath before they film. It comes back to us not growing up around video technology and therefore us not being used to being able to film each other. So we take this breath before we film because we want to check that the camera is actually recording. Whereas younger people like Gen Z and Gen Alpha grew up with the ability to film others. So when they film themselves, they immediately start talking because they trust that their camera is already filming them. Isn't that mind-blowing? I did a video on it on Tik Tok. It went viral. I got in the sun newspaper. Also got trolled quite a lot. It was a whole moment. So, when you combine the right words, visuals, and pacing, you will end up with an incredible hook. Now, before I show you some real life examples of hooks that have worked well and haven't worked so well, I do want to take a quick second to share a resource that you should be using inside your hooks to level them up. And that resource is Story Blocks. Now, one of my favorite videos that I shared within the last few months is this one. And what you'll notice about this post is that I really nailed the visual element of this hook. All right, within the first few seconds of this post, you'll see some incredible videos pop up on the screen. Now, it may or may not surprise you to know that I did not capture that video footage. That video footage is actually stock media that I obtained from Story Blocks. Now, if you don't know about Story Blocks already, it's a stock media subscription service which gives you unlimited access to highquality videos, images, sound effects, audio, templates, and so much more. They're all about helping creators and businesses enhance their projects without any extra costs and with more peace of mind. Now, there's a couple ways that they do this, right? The first is by offering unlimited stock media downloads at one set price. So, this means that you have everything you need in one place. 4K video, HD video, templates, sound effects, images, and more. And this is all available to you at one predictable monthly cost. So, you don't have to worry about pay-per-click pricing or any hidden fees. Another way that they do this is by offering clearcut licensing. So, any of the assets that you use are actually covered by the highest legal coverage in the industry. so you can really focus on creating and not having to worry about things like copyright strikes. Their stock library is also frequently refreshed, which means it always contains high-quality, diverse content, which really reflects the human experience, which is very important when it comes to storytelling in the world of AI. I do actually have a special treat for you when it comes to joining Storyblocks. You can get three extra months for free when you sign up to their annual plan. Head to storyblocks.com/jadebon to take advantage of this limited time offer. Thank me later. All right, let's do some case studies. Let's compare some good hooks that I've used and some bad hooks that I've used. I'm actually really excited for this section cuz it's going to be incredibly exposing. Let's ease myself into this by starting off with an example of a good hook. This is a hook that I used on a recent post that performed really well for me. I cried over social media this morning. Embarrassing, I know, but I was going through my content and I was struck with this sudden thought. I'm flopping. Now, let's use the three core elements of a successful hook to actually break down why this worked. The first is the words. I actually started this video by talking about something that's quite emotional. Like I was talking about the fact that I had been crying over my content, which is embarrassing, but watch the full video for context. If you open a video with emotional words, exposing words, very vulnerable words, that is a great use of that element of your hook. It's going to grab people's attention. Now, let's look at the visuals, cuz there was a few things going on here. I was walking towards the camera, which created some movement. I had my captions appear on the screen in a very specific style, right? And you'll see this as a pattern. I basically had every word appear as I said it because this encourages my audience to read and listen along. Great for engagement, great for attention. I also had some screenshots and some graphics appear on the screen as well. In terms of the pacing, it was fast. There was no dead air. If I'm being honest, my pacing for all of these examples are pretty much the same. I feel like when you create content for 5 years, you do get to a point where you nail the pace of your content. So, that's pretty consistent across the board. A quick tip for me here before I give you an example of a hook that didn't work so well is I tend to do my hooks multiple times. So, I tend to film at least three different takes of my hooks, and usually the third take is the best take. I don't do that for the rest of my video content, but the hook is so important that I like to give it a little bit extra practice. All right, here's one that didn't work very well. Instagram is constantly changing. Here are a few things that you should be doing to make sure that you don't fall behind. This is actually a really good video. Like, all these videos are probably equally as valuable. One of the main reasons why it doesn't perform as well is simply because the hook wasn't as effective. Now, the words and the pacing of this video was totally fine. I think where this video fell down was on the visuals. There wasn't much going on apart from when I had the big words appear behind my face. Now, whilst that's engaging and interesting, we actually highlighted the wrong words. What we should have highlighted was Instagram because that's the thing that would have grabbed our audience's attention, right? So, I guess a pro tip for me on this one is to make sure when you're crafting your hook, you're doing it with your audience in mind. Another example of a video that worked really well, I had to share this one because at the time of filming, this one has over 11,000 likes. I have never had that many likes on an Instagram video before. Like, that's insane. And it's actually part of a new series that I'm doing because it was so wellreceived. Something weird is happening on Instagram right now. Trends are emerging which are helping creators blow up. Now, all three elements of this hook were just nailed if I do say so myself. The words, me starting off by saying, "Something weird is happening on Instagram right now." 10 out of 10. That is going to immediately grab my audience's attention. It sparks so much curiosity. It makes them think, "Hold on, what's happening on Instagram?" Right? That paired with the visuals, we had a fast zoom. We had the text which was synced with my speech. We had a quick snapshot of all the trends that I was about to break down. And we had the strong headline. This was all within the space of a few seconds, guys. And as I mentioned, the pacing is pretty much standard across the board, but this was a great example of a hook. Now, I feel responsible for sharing this final example because I'm pretty sure I would have given advice to create a hook like this in the past. And look, I'm not going to say I was wrong because this worked at one point in time. It just doesn't work anymore. 80% of adults consume content across multiple formats. This video is actually a cut down of a longer form video. And what that means as a result is that the initial words that were being said weren't that engaging. I led with a stat like 80%. Who cares about a stat? That's not interesting. There was virtually no visuals outside of my captions. And as always, the pacing was pretty decent. But the other two elements were not hitting. And I wanted to share this one because it brings up a really important tip. If you are going to repurpose your long- form videos into reals, you will probably need to film a separate hook for them. And that's okay. They're still worth repurposing. Do not get me wrong. It's just that most of the time when you're repurposing a long form video, you are going to find it incredibly difficult to find a snippet which actually starts with something that will actually be an effective hook in this day and age. Like, you're just going to find it difficult. So, you might need to film a separate one which nails those three elements. All right, I think we've gone pretty deep already, but I'm not going to leave you there. I do want to share some very specific hacks that you can copy from those hooks that I shared that will help you level up your content instantly. Hack one is probably the easiest of all of these hacks and it's to use pauses effectively. You know how earlier on in this video I spoke about not wanting to do the millennial pause. We don't want that. But at times you can actually pause for effect and it can work wonders for your content. I actually have not one but two examples of me doing this. I got ghosted like hundreds of times. We need to talk about Becca Bloom. As you can see, I very much use pauses for effects in both of those videos, and it helps me land what I was trying to say better, right? So, try using pauses in your next hook and see if it works for you. The next hack is definitely the most creatively challenging hack. And this one is about dynamic editing. Now, this one is honestly one of the hardest ones to implement because it requires a lot of time and effort. And that is coming from me, someone who only does the pre-production and the production of my content. I don't do the post-p production. So, I have different editors. I have an editor for my long form, an editor for my short form. I even have someone who helps me schedule and post all of my content as well. So, keep in mind that if I'm saying this is difficult to do, then if you are doing every element of your content creation, please know that this is probably going to be challenging, too. But it is creatively fulfilling. I will say that dynamic editing basically requires you to do something unexpected with the way that you're editing your content. And to be fair, this can also include your filming. For example, you could open with a unique angle like this one, right? This is not an angle that you often see on short form content, although you are seeing it more lately, and that increases the likelihood of it capturing people's attention because it's not something they're used to seeing. Another example, and one that can sometimes take a while to get your head around, is when you mix B-roll and a voice over to make you speaking to the camera a bit more interesting. Here's an example. I'm Jon. I became a full-time content creator in just 6 months. And this is my content to cash series episode 3. Did you notice how I opened with B-roll and then a voice over and then I opened my laptop and spoke directly to the camera? That is dynamic editing. That is something that is unexpected and that is something that is going to make your hook better. That video itself performed so well. It got tens of thousands of views. The final hack I want to share with you is about creative text. Now, I did mention this one previously, but it is worth saying again because it is one of the most effective ways to create an effective hook. This is basically when you get creative with your captions. So, it's about taking your autogenerated captions one step further and actually writing out every word that you say so that it appears on the screen as you say it. What this does is encourage your audience to read the words on the screen as they're appearing, which means that they're reading along as you're speaking. It is incredible when it comes to engagement. Like, think about how much more likely you are to soak in what someone's saying if you're reading what they're saying whilst you're hearing them speak those words to you. Like, it's just a different experience. Great for attention, great for engagement. I really recommend that you try it. If you found this video useful, I recommend watching this one. It's all about the five habits that every creator should do every single week if they want to grow their audience on any platform. Do not forget that you can get three whole Storyblocks on their annual plan. Just head to storyblocks.com/jadebon or click the link in my description to make the most of this limited time offer. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I cannot wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonJason210 [8 likes]: What I'd like to know is what motion graphics templates you used.
  2. @JadeBeason [5 likes]: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  3. @CoachArmin [1 likes]: SOLID ! and SIMPLE ! Took notes. My  videos get like 20 views LOL. I hate promoting them as it gets me NPC subs. Grateful for you making this video for us noobs.
  4. @nelsonbolivar7171 [1 likes]: Don't tell lies. You didn't studied 100+ hooks. You just were talking about a couple of your videos posted online. 😂😂😂😅
  5. @Readtheroombaddies: This is game changer. ❤
  6. @priyalmehta_444: What's a B Roll?
  7. @ViktorPetroOv: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators ignore. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a massive difference, especially with how fast people scroll today 👍

honestly this made me realize why some of my older videos tanked… i was warming up instead of starting strong 😅

definitely one of those videos people need to watch before blaming the algorithm
  8. @AURetrocomps: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators miss. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a huge difference, especially for growth. Definitely taking notes from this one 👏
  9. @SheSoulGlidzzz: As always amazing. I finally past the fear of posting myself 😂😂😂. Understanding have a few diff pages. I want to document and post as a female driver. I enjoy shorts…. 
Would anyone recommend staying with 1 right now? 

I have heard shorts are harder to get followers, monetized… 

Watch hours….. how does it work? @jadebeason ❤you have been 🤙🏾💜☀️🧘🏾🔥🎯 beautiful happy day
  10. @PriyaRaniDYT: Started my YouTube journey recently. Sending success and growth to every creator 🤍
  11. @mannishh02: THANK YOU for SHARING this INFORMATIVE VIDEO 💯👏🏻
  12. @xothinkingofyouxo: great vid but i want to point out that’s not where the millennial pause came from. we definitely grew up filming each other. it’s because on instagram it used to cut off the beginning of the video when you started filming so you had to wait a second.
  13. @simply-passive: Thanks for this !
  14. @tappure: I don’t even watch videos. I mainly just listen to YouTube videos
  15. @yoongigirl2.0: Chatgpt recommend this to me ❤😂
  16. @Calafiori24: how long did it take u to get to 208,000 view from just over 4000 using these hook strategies?
  17. @GioriaOkoliko: Do you pay to use story blocks or are they affordable?
  18. @ethnica2622: I know this should work great for those who are speaking at the camera, but what about creators who are not showing themselves? If have a client with account I’m managing and it’s impossible to make her speak or show her face.
  19. @danelelouw: wow. loved this. I would like to know, what app did you use for the text to go behind your head or that big font which I like very much
  20. @ADawg478: 🔥🔥

- The Secret Behind Weirdly Addictive Apps: Kind: captions Language: en There's a reason Dolingo, Revolute, and Phantom all blew up, and it's the same hidden edge I found designing for startups and tech giants alike for the last decade. It's called emotional design. The art of making products feel engaging, personal, and alive. And in this video, I'll show you how to use it to build apps people love and keep coming back to. Let's be honest, these days, anyone can build something fast. We have APIs, no code tools, AI models. All the ingredients are out there. It's easier than ever to build things and ship features, which means just being useful isn't enough anymore. The real edge is in how your product makes people feel when they open it. Does it feel smooth, delightful, playful, or even premium? Or does it just feel like every other app? Now, of course, winning products still come from a mix of smart things, like having a solid business model, good timing, maybe even a strong community. The list goes on. But more and more, the thing that truly separates good from great is design that connects, design that feels intentional, design that turns users into fans. There's this quote from Reed Hastings, Netflix co-founder, and it really nails the point. The product has to be so good people want to talk about it. And in a world where every product has the same access to tech, that's your long-term edge. Not the code, not the features. It's how your product leaves people feeling when they close the tab or swipe away. Now, before we dig into one of the best examples of emotional design translating into serious business growth, if you're wondering how this might apply to your product or your business, we open up a couple of free design strategy consultations each month at SIPAP. So, feel free to sign up in the link down below if that sounds interesting. Now, with that, let's look at Dualingo and how they used delight, feedback, and character motion to pull users in and keep them coming back. Because Duolingo didn't just create another language learning app, they built a product that responds to you in real time and in a way that actually feels human. In 2022, they introduced a full character animation system. This included things like facial reactions, lip syncing with audio, and idle animations that made their characters feel alive even when you weren't doing anything. And this wasn't just for show. Duolingo's data shows that after these animations were rolled out, their daily active users more than doubled from 14.2 million to over 34 million within 2 years. On top of that, their paid subscribers also more than doubled in that same time frame. Of course, again, growth like that comes from a mix of smart moves like adding new languages, improving the curriculum, running solid marketing campaigns, etc. But what's interesting is that Dualingo's own team has highlighted character animation as one of the major reasons people stay engaged. On several occasions, CEO Luis Vonan has pointed out that the app's delightful experience, which includes these animations, sets it apart in a space full of dry, functional apps. And that connection isn't random. These animations aren't just eye candy. They're emotional feedback. They create loops that keep people engaged. When you answer a question correctly or make a mistake, you don't just get a green check mark. You feel encouraged, corrected, and even cheered on. Those quick reactions help boost engagement by triggering emotional feedback loops, something that the UX legend Don Norman talks a lot about in his book, Emotional Design. But how can you use this in your own product? Well, if your product relies on repeated user behavior, like check-ins, journaling, or habit logging, add micro interactions that give instant emotional feedback. A subtle bounce, a glow, a sparkle. These little things can make confirmation moments feel a little more rewarding. Also, celebrate the small wins. This will reinforce engagement. Once again, you know, success states don't need to be huge, but they should feel intentional. Also, if you're like Dualingo and you have a mascot of some sort, use the mascot to show expressions, to encourage users because emotions are contagious. This can be small nods, smiles, or animated reactions that make the experience feel more human. And lastly, if you want to give the user a feeling of momentum, include nice progress animations. This can be anything like using motion to show streaks just like Dualingo or showing different levels, showing journals completed, whatever gives a sense of building something over time. The goal here is to make the feedback feel human, not just functional, because that kind of emotional layer can quietly build a strong connection between the user and your product. Even something super simple, when done well, can make the experience feel more alive and more worth coming back to. So, Duolingo built habits by using design to make people feel good about using the app. And that feeling is one of the main reasons their users keep showing up. But what happens when your users aren't trying to form habits? When they instead are trying to get over skepticism? That's one of the big challenges that crypto apps face and the problem that Phantom set out to solve with the help of emotional design and animation. Let's start by just dropping the bomb. Crypto UX is notoriously clunky. And Phantom knew that. So when they rolled out a full brand refresh in mid 2023, they didn't just change their logo. They overhauled everything and brought in animation to shift perception. They animated their ghost mascot. They added playful animations during wallet creation. And they put a bunch of effort into making each interaction feel playful and approachable. The goal was clear here. Make crypto feel less scary and more human. And it's obviously worked. Today, Phantom is one of crypto's mostused wallets, recently becoming the second highest ranked app in the utilities category in the US app store, beating apps like WhatsApp and Instagram. Now, just like Dualingo, Phantom's growth rode the wave of market momentum and smart business execution. But what really made them stand out was how design-led they were from the jump. Their CEO, Brandon Milman, has been super clear about that. This wasn't just another wallet. From day one, the team focused on polish, on craft, and on building something that actually felt good to use. In his own words, polish matters. We're a design-led company that takes time to craft polished products. And that mindset paid off because while most wallets were built by developers for other developers, Phantom focused on consumers. Their goal was to onboard the next billion people to web 3. And that meant investing in crisp, emotional UI and animations. So when designing in spaces that feel intimidating, complex, or where the stakes are really high, like finance, crypto, health, or insurance, for example, remember these principles. Polish builds trust. Treat visual details, motion, and transitions as core product features, not fluff. Every little micro interaction is a trust signal. Also, try to keep it approachable. Friendly visuals and warm, playful details make heavy topics feel a little lighter, and that goes a long way in building confidence. Build for people, not just pros. Don't just assume that users know the rules. Design flows that make sense to everyday people, especially if you're reaching beyond early adopters. Performance matters, but what really sticks is how the product feels when someone taps, swipes, or waits. Giving the users smooth feedback is going to increase their confidence with your product. As an agency that has experience helping drive big design results in the crypto industry, we try to share some of our learnings by writing case studies about our wins every now and then. If you're interested in that, there's a link below for that, too. Now, we've seen how character and delight create trust, but trust isn't the end goal for everyone. So, let's explore how emotional design and motion can be used in an even more lucrative way to sell luxury, which brings us to Revolute. Revolute's been investing in design and animation for years. But what's super interesting is how their design glow up has tracked right alongside their push into more of the premium space. As they've moved up market, their visual language has gotten way more polished and it's pretty clear that they've been intentional about this, aligning how the product feels with where they want the business to go. Take the first time user experience as an example. They don't just drop you into a boring signup flow. Instead, you get rich visuals, super smooth transitions, and right away, it feels like you're stepping into something premium. I mean, even their charts leveled up. You don't just look at your spending data, you feel it. You drag your finger and the graph responds with this soft glow, turning numbers into something way more tactile. The same thing with their cards. You don't just see a static image. You get a full little 3D moment there. The card flips, rotates, catches light. It's clean. It's intentional. And it's honestly just kind of satisfying. And these little details like subtle animations in security flows or onboarding provide that sense of trust without trying too hard. None of these design details shout at you, but together they create something way more premium. And in fintech in particular, where trust literally affects how much users spend, that kind of polish translates straight into revenue. So here's the big takeaway. Nail the first impression. Spend time to polish your onboarding. Polish your welcome moments to immediately communicate quality, trust, and care. Add subtle moments of delight like animations, like fades and hover effects or gestures. Build that emotion and make touch points feel intentional. Make interactions feel dynamic. So, tactile charts, responsive feedback, or animated cards that just turn basic features into something that feels elevated and engaging. Now, if you found this video helpful at all, you will probably love the video here somewhere. Also, if you're building a product, a website, or a brand, and you want to find out how to boost your top business metrics through design, well, consider our free strategy consultation. The links still down below. Still down below, still above law. Until the next one, have a great

  Top Comments:
  1. @dustspark_ [3 likes]: As a designer I understand the approach of this video, however, I don't agree with the success of these products being tied to design aesthetics that push emotional attachment. Animations right now are super common in consumer apps, and there are tons that are failing even with great animations simply because the product did not connect. Also keep in mind, these businesses were already up and running before they introduced any sort of emotional design to further improve numbers. Emotional design and delight is secondary when it comes to building successful products. Performance is definitely a much higher priority.
  2. @AkinmosinAdetoye [1 likes]: thanks so much for this video!!
  3. @UbejdAnnony: took notes, pasted to chatgpt, gave me this:

'Emotional Product Design Notes
Core Question
Does the app feel:
Smooth Delightful Playful Premium Alive
The product should be good enough that people naturally want to talk about it.
Main Idea
Emotional design is about making the app feel engaging, personal, and human.
The goal is not just to make the app function well. The goal is to make users feel connected to it.
First Impression Matters
The app should feel premium from the first moment.
Focus on:
Welcome screen Onboarding First habit setup First success moment First animation or mascot reaction
The first open should immediately communicate:
Quality Trust Care Personality
Mascot / Character System
The mascot can make the app feel more alive.
Possible features:
Facial reactions Idle animations Lip-sync with audio Happy reactions Encouraging expressions Small movement when the user completes something
The mascot should not just decorate the app. It should react to the user’s progress.
Emotional Feedback
When the user adds a habit, completes a task, or reaches progress, the app should respond emotionally.
The user should feel:
Encouraged Cheered on Corrected gently Rewarded Understood
Feedback should feel human, not robotic.
Micro-Interactions
Add small interactions that make the app feel dynamic.
Examples:
Progress bar animation Button bounce Confetti for small wins Mascot smile Soft sound effect Checklist completion animation Habit streak glow Gentle reminder animation
These moments create delight.
Celebrate Small Wins
Do not wait for big achievements.
Celebrate:
First habit added First task completed First streak Returning after a break Completing a difficult day Reaching a small goal
Small wins make users feel progress.
Visual Direction
Keep the design:
Approachable Friendly Warm Playful Clean Premium
Friendly visuals can make serious topics like goals, habits, and self-improvement feel lighter.
Build for Real People
Do not design only for productivity experts.
Build for people who are:
Busy Unmotivated Inconsistent Trying again Easily overwhelmed
The app should make progress feel simple and possible.
Polish Matters
Performance is important, but the feeling of the product matters too.
The app should feel:
Fast Smooth Intentional Responsive High-quality
A polished app feels more trustworthy.
Final Principle
Make the app useful first, then make it feel alive.
A good app helps the user do something. A great app makes the user want to come back.'


hope it was usefull
  4. @جلبيبجلبيب-ف8ر: круто
  5. @AkhiToprak: Amazing video with huuuuuge amounts of benefit!
  6. @OfficialKannyTrend: Functional first then emotional
  7. @yurism: Revolut's design is horrible....the most confusing baking app ever...
  8. @marcos-wu9yc: just dark pattern, nothing special. designers don't care about ethic, it's so sad... 
stupid hints to wrong purposes.
  9. @dgamer6316: Would you review my app
  10. @FromValkyrie: https://youtu.be/VlcyOTCB3as?si=-a3bj9ccojDtSVMn 
This guy literally copied your video verbatim.
  11. @EthanChristIsTheLord: Bro has to stop releasing all the methods hahahahahhahahhaha
  12. @MarcyAvila: But how tho?😭
  13. @xbxb: Bruh you're talking like emotional design applies to everything app.
  14. @xbxb: Easy to say. But this kind of stuff doesn't just come out of the search engine. These things cost resources and creative skills and talents.
  15. @jesuslopez6873: that shit is expensive
  16. @framikmm6: Amazing video, thanks
  17. @marinany3089: I love your videos One question though. What tools would you recommend we use in order to achieve this? I am asking literally about software. Is this possible with figma and adobe or am I missing something hidden here. I am not exactly a motion designer.
  18. @thisisloop: thank you, good value
  19. @psnts-5ao: The point about 'polish building trust' in crypto is so true. Phantom wallet feels safe because it feels premium. I’m trying to add those little 'delight' moments to my own app now, like confetti on success states. I actually prototyped the animations in CSS first and hosted a demo on Tiiny Host to show the devs exactly how the bounce effect should feel
  20. @marufhassan634: CRED is one of the apps who have nailed UI/UX

- Best AI Tool to create hooks that get 1M+ views every time: Kind: captions Language: en The number one reason your reels and shorts flop are because of bad hooks. Fixing your hook game is the fastest way to explode your views. And I proved it. I grew my own shorts channel to 24 million views in just 3 months. And the crazy part is that you don't even need to have editing skills to pull this off anymore. With an AI tool called Vmake, you can instantly create viral ready hooks in just one click. And let me show you guys how this works. One of the biggest keys to creating viral content is grabbing attention visually within the first 3 seconds. The YouTube and Tik Tok algorithms put this huge weight on the opening moment. And if people skip, your views actually take a dip. But if they stick it through to the end with high retention, the algorithm rewards you with more reach and more views. Think of it like a billboard on the freeway. If the colors are dull and the text is just very tiny, the drivers will just pass by it. But if it's bold, clear, and impossible to miss, you'll notice it. Even at 70 mph, your video's first 3 seconds work the same way. On my own channel, I tested this over and over. Whenever I start with like this quick hand movement, a prop, or a unique camera angle, the performance jumps, view spikes, and I get way more followers. So, let's do a quick test. Here are two of my videos side by side. Which one grabs you faster without the audio even playing? the plane one or the one where I'm right here holding the ball and it's obviously it's me playing with the ball. That instant visual hook is everything. And here's the crazy parts. You don't even have to rely on props or movements like this anymore. There's a new AI tool that can literally help you edit powerful hooks for your videos automatically. All you got to do is to visit VMake website. The link will be in the description down below. And this one of the most powerful AI video editing tools out there for short form creators, but honestly any creators out there in general. And once you're in, you guys will see tons of cool options to choose from. I could literally make a whole separate video just covering everything that they offer, but in this case, we're just going to focus on the AI hooks for now. Then click on visual hook maker and all you need to do is just upload a video you guys want to use. Then under effects, as you can see, there are so many cool ones to choose from. 3D Orbit, Angel Wings, Earth Zooms, figurines, hands on fire, and plenty more. For now, let's just start off with the Earth Globe as our opening hook. Then, give it a couple seconds. And wow, this looks amazing. And even add sound effects to this. This is going to change how a lot of creators create content moving forward. And notice how easy and simple this is. I'm literally doing this in real time. Now, let's test out some other visual hooks like angel wings. And holy moly, this is incredible. It instantly knows the first 3 seconds matters and it stacks up tons of effects and a slight zoom in. Normally spotting that movement is the job of an editor, but this AI does it automatically in real time. Another one is figurine and it's crazy. And this actually got to be one of my favorite ones. The fire effect looks sick. As you can see, right now I'm using the web version, but you can also do this on the VMake app. So, if you guys want to create viral ready videos without wasting hours editing, click the link down below and try VMake. You'll even get five free credits when you just sign up so you guys could test it out before even committing to it. And if you make it to the end and you're serious about growing your YouTube channel, I put together a YouTube growth secrets community where I share everything that I learned scaling multiple channels, reaching 23 million views plus, and also over 100,000 subscribers. So, inside you'll find templates, courses, and live calls to help you guys do the same. The link will be in the description down below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @smoogles.5534: what happens when everyone uses these programs and the boring videos become the seek out video to get away from the 'sheep' like videos because they all look the same.
  2. @gracesonfernandes6008: Boring intro
  3. @freyafoxmusic: No it’s because of shadow bans. I use tons of viral hooks from similar tools and also from subscription based hook notion spreadsheets  with proven scripts 

I’m still in the 100 view jail . I made a new account on TikTok and Instagram and boom 💥 way more views

But not 1M
It’s a good myth

I’ve had tons of videos go viral with bad books as well

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- "How to Go Viral" Videos are Scams: Kind: captions Language: en I don't usually make serious videos like this, and when I start off with, "I don't usually make serious videos like this," it's usually about to be the stupidest, most unserious video ever. But, this one, there's actually some sh-t I wanted to say. I've been seeing these types of videos a lot recently, and I wanted to respond to them. These videos are not helpful. If you're a content creator, and especially when you're starting off, your world is gonna revolve around how to go viral, because it's the thing you're trying to figure out. It's the only thing you care about. That's the thing that's gonna be occupying your mind 24-7, so you're gonna be seeing a lot of this sh-t. And I can tell you after doing this for years, that it's always something and it always changes. The "secret" is always some hashtag, some posting schedule, some setting that you accidentally turned off and now this guy helped you turn it on and now you're gonna go viral. Do you really believe that if you make a sh-t video but use the right hashtags it's gonna go viral? I'm just gonna tell you it's not... and you know that. Now on to these people. I don't think that they're actually malicious but you have to understand their business model. They're essentially the same people as the how-to-get-rich-buy-my-course people. They're gonna teach you how to go viral, and in order to do that, they're gonna need to have some sort of track record of going viral. And what are their viral videos? Their how-to-go-viral videos. So course guy gets rich by making you think he's rich, so you buy his course, which makes him rich, and now he gets to keep up the image he's rich, so you should listen to what he has to say about money, because look, he has money. Hashtag people go viral by convincing you they have a secret to going viral. So people watch the video to listen, it goes viral, and now he gets to keep up the image that he has a secret, and you should listen to what he has to say about going viral, because look, he has viral videos. It's the same sh-t. The difficult but empowering reality about going viral is you need to make good content. If you could understand the importance of that sentence right there, you'd leave the video right now and stop consuming how-to-go-viral content. And quick disclaimer, I'm primarily talking about Shorts and TikTok. Short form content is more my bread and butter. I'm not claiming by any means to be an expert on YouTube (long form content). I'm not even claiming to be an expert on short form content. It's just that I've been doing this for years and there's certain traps that I've learned to avoid. The same goes for "how to make money on TikTok" content. There are people on TikTok with a fraction of my following who are apparently making way more money than I am, and to some extent, I believe it. And I'm guilty from time to time of watching those videos. We all are. You see some video of a 17-year-old claiming to make 700K, you're going to click on the video. It's natural. You likely click because you want to find out how he makes so much money. I click because he's 17. But when you watch their videos and go to their profile, you'll notice that every single one of their videos is essentially a regurgitation of the same thing. They have one piece of content, one message, and the only thing that changes is the delivery of that message. "this is how I made 700k in a year" ..."TikTok shop is a gold rush" This is how I'm able to afford that apartment. And they have like 30,000 followers. It doesn't make sense. They make money in two ways. One, they either take sh-t sponsorships to make money to keep up the image they're successful, or they "invite" you with the link in their bio to "join their community." And two, every single piece of content they make is over a minute now, which is the only length of content that now monetizes on TikTok. So it's the same thing... their "how to make money on TikTok" videos are the videos that are making the money on TikTok. Maybe you can go viral and make money listening to these people, but it's only to do what they do. Course bros only create more course bros. They don't create actual wealth, actual entrepreneurs. I'm not denying the fact that some people can make absurd amounts of money on TikTok or TikTok shop. I'm also not denying the fact that posting schedule or hashtags might have some impact on how a video performs. I can't say for sure that it's completely useless. It's probably not, but I can tell you, it's not the most important thing. If you make a good video, it likely won't matter what hashtags you use or when you post it. There are content creators who even now, years after Vine, make square format videos in fucking 720p that go viral. How the f**k does that work? It goes against literally every "answer" that's out there. Want to know? They're funny. It's a good video. These people are basically preying on human insecurity about certainty. You don't know how to do it... You see these videos of these people who claim they have it figured out... they have the answers, and they have the evidence to back it up. They're full of sh-t. We're all apes on a spinning rock in the middle of nowhere Nobody has any f--king idea what's going on or what they're doing And if they claim they do they're likely there to sell you some sh-t. Look closely at these types of videos and creators. It's not Mr. Beast making these videos. It's not years of quality content and then a "this is how I did it" video It's years of "this is how I did it videos." That's all it is! And I'm not trying to completely knock these people everybody's got to make a living But I do remember starting off, you look at these people like they have the answer. But they come and they go. There's always going to be some person claiming they have something that you don't have. But as long as you listen to them, you're going to miss out on the most important secret that exists. And if you want to know what that secret is... I'll tell you! for just $49.99 a month, where I will personally walk you through- The secret is you. As long as you look at these external, "what tactics are working?" "What's going viral?" "What's the best time to post?" Whatever. You're going to struggle because you're literally looking in the wrong direction. One, you're looking outside of yourself when the answer is within. And two, you're looking at the things that are supplemental to the content instead of the content itself. We already know it's possible to go viral by doing everything wrong (referring to the guy that makes square 720p videos) And we already know you aren't going to go viral by making a horseshit video but with the right hashtags. The content is the only thing that matters. They're purposely making you look in the wrong direction because that's where their power is. Their power comes from you giving up your power. If you figure out that the only thing that really matters is you and the quality of your content, you won't need them anymore. So of course they're gonna try to convince you that it's something else and that you need to listen to them. Remember, these people are not genuinely trying to help you with your content. They're trying to get you to buy their course. And if it's not obvious now, it will be. They will eventually start pushing some scammy sh-t onto you. or 100% of their content will turn to affiliate stuff. Or they will continue posting about, "this is how to go viral in 2076..." Like bro, w- how are you still posting this sh-t? It will eventually become clear that they were only doing this as a means to make money. They are not people who have figured out YouTube Shorts or TikTok who are now sharing their advice. The people who have "figured out" the algorithm don't make it their sole form of content to talk about how they figured out the algorithm. If you have good content, and you improve on your content, it's only a matter of time before you go viral. Stay consistent. That's it. That's the secret. You can do it, and if you don't think you can, try to prove yourself right. Go out there, make a bunch of content, try to prove yourself right that you're an unfunny, untalented piece of sh-t who has no place being a YouTuber or a TikToker. What's gonna happen? If you keep going... eventually, you're gonna make a video that gets thousands or tens of thousands of views, and then you are f**ked. Because now you're hooked, and you realize you can do it. And that's all this video's trying to do, to tell you that you can do it. I know it's a bit more serious than what you guys are used to, and I'm sorry if it's not what you were expecting and the reason you're subscribed. Sometimes I just want to talk about what I want to talk about, and I just want to be myself. You guys can't always expect me to be unserious about everything. Not everything I post on this channel is gonna be some big joke. What do you think this is? Al jokes?

  Top Comments:
  1. @ForgotTheMachete [1 likes]: Sounds a lot like some corporations..
  2. @death32815 [1 likes]: "how to go viral"

Follow game/film/food theory.

Matpat and his team have had the YouTube algorithm consistently figured out for far longer than anyone else.

You have to actually be entertaining though.
  3. @HangA-10: Bro sounding like Charlie now
  4. @daeromew: KIRK???
  5. @THE_PERSON4204: Have you guys been seeing these "try this audio" videos lately?
  6. @RolandHazoto: 95% of success is luck
  7. @RuneheartAlice: Back in my day we used to just say: "Git gud." I do love this though. Thanks. <3
  8. @NOTREALCREEK: idrc about this, but his videos are hillarious no matter what he talks about
  9. @FatJazzCat: As a musician, I appreciate how relevant this message is
  10. @wrathofainz: 6:10 I just now realized that bro was wearing a tiddy suit. Wtf
  11. @DarthGTB: I see great points in this video. Two to be more precise
  12. @phitsf5475: Al does not jokes
  13. @BlanksFired: You left out one thing some of these course bros will start MLM's
  14. @oddguyamaar9191: "I click because they are 17 years old"
Baseball huh?
  15. @RetroRep: @marcusjones
  16. @rforce4711: 4:14 oh? you mean...you mean kung fu panda was right all this time?
  17. @liamoncrack: "i dont usually make serious videos like this" while the video length is 6:09 lol
  18. @HeyItsMysterious: 2:04 “I clicked on it cause he’s 17” 😭
  19. @BeautybyMulatto1: Chill on appes 😅😅you stoner lol the resst i agree affiliate marketing people be pyramid scheme scammers
  20. @WaterUser12345: videos? baseball huh

- The Secret to Telling a Great Story — in Less Than 60 Seconds | Jenny Hoyos | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive-through? Probably not. But somehow, answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now even though I only have five minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. And it's not just about becoming a viral social media star. It's about making your conversations better, whether you’re with friends, family or trying to convince your boss for a raise. So here's how to make every second count. Many great stories start with a question, because it will make people stick until the end to find out the answer. And remember, you want to get your audience's attention immediately, so you want to start by asking something shocking. And one of the things I've always wondered was if fast food was really as fast as they say. So I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. Let's check out how I hooked my viewers. (Video) Can I have a burger? Can you put cheese, lettuce and tomatoes? This thing's not hot enough. (Laughter) (Stage) That thing really wasn't hot enough. But as you can see, I took this question very seriously. And after you've hooked your audience, you want to take them on a journey, building up to your answer, where you want them to feel constant progression, so we're moving closer and closer to our answer so we feel like we can't stop listening. And in my case, I did just this by saying that I’ll be adding tomatoes, lettuce and cheese to the burger, so now we know how close I am to finishing the competition, thus the video. But if everything is smooth sailing, then nobody cares, which is why we need to add conflict before getting to our answer. So here's how I did that. (Video) Yes, please. And cheese. Mother: There's smoke in here. Jenny Hoyos: This thing is still raw. Good thing there's a line. Oh my goodness. Mother: What are you doing? You're going to burn that car. JH: I'll cut the tomatoes while this cooks. Mother: I hope I don't have to eat that. JH: Tell them to slow down. Mother: You're doing all this for one subscriber? You're going to make a mess. JH: Put the ketchup on the buns. (Stage) As you saw, without conflict, the audience just isn’t as invested, which is why I used my mom as the B plot. So you’re now not only invested in the competition but also curious to see what's going to happen between my mom and I. And after enough buildup, we finally need our answers. Will I cook the burger faster? Will I accidentally set my mom’s car on fire? The key here is to build tension by making the answer feel uncertain to make a satisfying ending. Here's how I did just that. (Video) We’re one person away. We just need the burger to cook faster. Mother: We're moving, we're moving. JH: No, my burger is not done yet. You're driving too crazy. It needs to cook faster. Mother: We're next. (Music) JH: We're pulling up to the window. And, oh my goodness! We cooked faster and better. (Applause) And that's it. We cooked faster than the drive-through. Does it matter that my burger was basically raw? Absolutely not. Because the viewers wanted an answer, so I gave it to them quickly and concisely, in an engaging way, which led our video to getting over 45 million views. And you might be impressed to know that instead of telling this talk in five minutes, I actually did it in four, so you now have an extra minute to practice your 60-second story. Because if it takes longer to tell your story than it does to make a burger, then you're probably overcooking both. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [1500 likes]: thanks for having me!! promised i’d make my ted talk short and sweet 😁
  2. @ericdavidwallace [30 likes]: I just got schooled by a 20 year old and I went to film school.
  3. @Richard_Vidzz [2 likes]: The idea that a great story should be told in less than 60 seconds is such a powerful insight for modern communication loved the practical breakdown
  4. @mimixlalaa: the confidence jenny has omg
  5. @hejar_art: I love her energy 🎉
  6. @NichirenCarbajal: NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO IT'S THE MIRACLE MANTRA NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO
  7. @neetiiiiiiiiii: I liked your hook strategy. Will definitely try .
  8. @UGCTuto: She forgot one Thing : her talent
  9. @AngelaAllan-v8q: best side hustles in 2026
  10. @novaframestudio-d6b: Sh is so pure ,I like it
  11. @MORENAMOJALEFA-i9h: Don't write on your forehead
  12. @intensity5020: You are from titkok
  13. @JapaGist: Lol
  14. @karanb_ytt: It's impressive how much value can be packed into such a short timeframe, The progression and conflict strategy is a game-changer for storytelling💡✨
  15. @GOATED_D3VIL: btw what exactly is this conflict, i need a better explication pls
  16. @JacksonDuke-JK: ngl , i feel used/misused after watching this by content creators
  17. @Bibliothèque-C: ❤😊
  18. @ajsingh1296: Wow this may be the worst ted talk I’ve seen
  19. @ferickinhojoga: genius!
  20. @YōkuroX12: ...   THAT. WAS. AWE.SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not only cuz of the fact that JENNY FREAKING HOYOS WAS ON THERE but also cuz its a great lesson!

- Monday Morning Team Motivation | Jack Ma Life Story ( CEO of Alibaba) | Goal Quest: Kind: captions Language: en i did not have a rich father [Music] not from uh you know well educated i said i tried three times for university all failed for the last time i went to the teachers college which was considered the third or fourth class of my city but i think that is the best university i've ever had better than harvard and wharton i applied for harvard for 10 times all failed they don't want to see me you know terrible and i i think that is a normal life it was so difficult at that time i was so frustrated because i taught in the university my pay was ten dollars a month was not easy but i believe that something something is waiting for me there and i have to work hard to prove myself that was the tough experience and i never thought i was smart nobody believed that i could be successful because everybody would say well this guy think differently think crazy you know they think about something never work nobody agree with as i said i believe it because i saw the computer in 1994 when i went to usa i think this thing could be big i never thought it would be that big like today honestly people say you're smart you have a big vision i'm lucky to know a lot of famous people bill gates warren buffet the jack welch larry page mark zuckerberg i would like to share with you the difference between those people and other people they are always optimistic for the future they never complain they always try to solve the problems of the others and i think where is the opportunity the opportunity lie always lies in the place where people complain some people sit there complain you think if i can solve that complaint that's the opportunity because when everybody agrees why this opportunity should be yours because a lot of people don't agree with it and you think this is good think carefully and find a group of people working together and making sure the people working with you together believe the dreams whether investors believe in this or not whether your friends believe it or not whether your parents believe it or not that's not important you believe it your team believe it and work day and night on this that's all the things happens everybody is the same because we are start from the same line the best the best assets you have is that you are young don't complain let the other people complain those people complain those people who still think about how you can make things different use your own brain to think is that an opportunity inside is there anything i can do that make the difference think about this and then when you think about this study do it i saw a lot of people young people have fantastic ideas every evening but in the morning they go to the office again make the move make the action to everybody to any person tomorrow is new you have to work very hard right either work for the others or work for yourself and i choose the way work am i for myself but working for myself that means working for the society if you really want to work for yourself think about the others making sure you help others because only when the other other people are successful when the other people happy you'll be successful you will be happy you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MINDBOOSTTV-n5n [5 likes]: Who's also seeing this in 2026?
  2. @KingsleyOkafor-yx2bx [1 likes]: Believe in yourself nd work for your dream day Nd night🤔
  3. @Carter_W83 [1 likes]: Jack Ma's story is a powerful reminder that persistence and a positive mindset are far more important than where you start
  4. @SAMUELTAKAWIRA-c8g: Tag me in 2030
  5. @ArshakMouradyan: Mr Jack Ma my Name is Arshak Mouradian I do speak about politics with my family and I do speak about politics but in future I am not building political carrier or huge business carrier or small business carrier or I am not building Trans corporations carrier or I am not building corporation carrier or I am not building CEO carrier or I am not building international relations carrier and I don't want Government descions job or I don't want official job or I don't want Lawmaker job or I don't want Government official job or i don't want Government post job or I don't want senior official job I don't want senior diplomat job or I don't want Negotiater job or I don't want speacial envoy job or I don't want Government job not because I didn't finished school or I don't have education or diploma but because it is huge responsibility and I don't want to take it I am ordinary russian citizen enjoying my life. ❤❤❤❤
  6. @LifeChangingSpeech-r2y: Good
  7. @EyaguJoel: Yes, I am here in Uganda, Africa
Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn through this optimistic gentleman, Jack
  8. @amitojsingh7166: Jack Ma, Alibaba, great company
  9. @SilentEmpire00: ❤
  10. @XayrilloMoʻminov: I still watch this video
  11. @JemalEdris-n6k: you world 🌍 wisdom
  12. @JemalEdris-n6k: Great 👌 Geniuse
  13. @kimthiyong: The sailent is all queens ansvers😊
  14. @NoExcusonX: 2026 is still alive.
  15. @MAMA-ry6nm: Vv
  16. @MatTongyik: brain man
  17. @spsadi4361: It was very helpful for me 😍
  18. @GrowLife-b9b: Millionaire Mindset – English Motivation for Success
  19. @UdehIkechukwuAnthony: Nice 👍 one
  20. @Aiwithmotivational: Jackmaa...

- "Mastering Happiness: The Watermelon Lesson": Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] once upon a time in a small village there lived a wise old Monk he was known far and wide for his wisdom and sense of humor one day a young and eager student named Sam approached the master and said master I want to learn the secret to happiness and success please teach me master Sito looked at Sam with a twinkle in his eye and said very well young one But first you must complete a simple task go to the market and buy the biggest juiciest watermelon you can find then carry it on your head and walk through the village without dropping it Sam was puzzled but determined he went to the market and found a massive watermelon balancing it on his head he walked through the village with utmost concentration as he passed by people couldn't help but laugh and cheer him on some even joined in clapping and making funny faces finally after a bumpy Journey Sam reached Master setu's Hut the watermelon was intact and Sam was relieved he looked at Master situ expecting to be praised for his accomplishment but mastercito burst into Laffer well then young won he exclaimed wiping tears of Mirth from his eyes you see the secret to happiness and success is simple just like carrying that watermelon life can be full of challenges and unexpected twists but if you face them with a light heart and a sense of humor you will find Joy even in the toughest moments Sam couldn't help but laugh too realizing the wisdom in master sito's words from that day on he approached life with a smile facing challenges with the same determination he used to carry that and whenever he felt overwhelmed he would remember the funny watermelon lesson and find the strength to keep going you see in life in your life Embrace challenges with a sense of humor and you will find that life's journey becomes a joyful Adventure filled with laughter and success he determined but don't take yourself so seriously whenever you feel down or defeated remember something funny that once happened to you this is there to do motivation stories thank you so much for watching stay blessed

  Top Comments:
  1. @心が劇的な物語 [1 likes]: To anyone reading this right now — we may be strangers, but I’m sending you my warmest wishes for peace, happiness, and a life full of gentle moments
  2. @GrandadStory [1 likes]: I used to get so embarrassed whenever I made a mistake in front of a crowd. I once tripped over my own feet during a wedding toast and felt like hiding forever 🤦. Then I saw everyone laughing and I decided to just bow and laugh along with them. Now I see that carrying my heavy burdens is much easier when I don't take myself so seriously 🍉. Finding the humor in my bumpy journey is key. ❤❤
  3. @S9nDfk_v [1 likes]: It's peaceful
  4. @bhupinderdhaliwal920: Very nice story
  5. @David2desert: The comments have convinced me that this is not worth watching. Thank you everyone. You still have no idea what you're talking about
  6. @BolhaEvolutiva: Linda história , um abraço do Brasil. 🇧🇷
  7. @Nyx.Stories-01: Very good❤
  8. @gachayaya6017: I loved this video! ❤🎬
  9. @PabloTinho1: Wow
  10. @dodgedaytona9090: 😊
  11. @rutujaughade9504: For me happiness comes from within... ❤
  12. @DadDad-w9i: The narrator has a flat voice , is this more AI shit .
  13. @FamilyInsightPatternsOfficial: awesome https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhNUoIyiEJI
  14. @HeartShiftStories-y9e: Embrace challenges with the sense of humor . 😊❤️
  15. @valeriezaitzieff1462: Enjoy the sweetness of life & spit out the pits! 🥰
  16. @thestory-abc: Moral of the story is to be able to laugh at yourself. Humor is the key to happiness
  17. @Story-hook1: focus on you.
This is insightful
  18. @marnie_onetouch6247: Simple but impactful story. I am taking this lesson home with me
  19. @MeaningSeekerPod: Excellent. Grateful for this. Thank you 🙏🌀🥳😅🍉
  20. @AwarenessofThoughts: Very nice

- How to get retention SO HIGH your shorts always go viral: Kind: captions Language: en 91% retention 93% retention 97% retention one after another again and again and again through my personal experience in making engaging shorts and my research into the strategies of top creators I've created an in-depth process for consistently getting high retention by following the methods in this process you'll be able to keep attention so well that you can't stop going viral so without further Ado let's let's [Music] begin the shorts algorithm uses thousands of methods to decide if your content is worthy of getting views however there is one single element that is undoubtedly the biggest factor in this every Creator acknowledges it as the single most important metric in terms of going viral and I'm sure you've heard of it as well just this simple line on the graph will decide if your short gets 10 views or 10 million views so let's make it as flat as possible now this upcoming advice can be used across all niches but for each person it might apply differently so in these next few minutes consider how you can tailor this information to fit your videos if you were to imagine your content as a car then the composing of your shorts would be the engine without a good engine it doesn't matter if you have a super nice car a Lamborghini because you won't be going anywhere so to explain the concept of composing we can start by drawing a simple line on one end we have the hook and on the other end we have the payoff the line connecting the two is our storytelling I'll go through each point in this drawing and show you how to maximize retention in all of them let's begin with the hook and I'll get to the others later your hook is basically the intro of your short it should be as concise and easy to understand as possible since we don't want to end up confusing the viewers or giving them too much information the hook should also explain the general idea of the video and mention a payoff now it might seem difficult to fit all this in less than 5 seconds but it doesn't have to be complicated find for yourself how this Creator communicated a simple but effective hook to his viewers yes even without a voice this simple use of text is still a very strong hook his viewers want to see what he's referring to in the caption which is a good reason for them to keep watching we also immediately understand the concept of the video because the visuals convey what game he's playing and the situation he's in which shows that you don't always have to physically explain the idea for further reference here's another very good hook but this time it's a completely different Niche my grandma thinks Christmas is expensive so I'm going to prove her wrong by giving her the best Christmas present with $5 let's get started so your hook can look differently depending on your Niche and video type but as long as you can set up a payoff and convey an interesting idea you'll be able to make your viewers stick around but only initially we still have to keep these people engaged until the end of the short or else they'll just scroll away before reaching that point that's where storytelling comes in in and we can start progressing down the line now this part is interesting because how you use storytelling will be very dependent on your Niche and video type if you make voiceover or original content then there's a lot more room with what you can do for that group I recommend you integrate conflict into your script have things go wrong and then resolve the problem with the solution also use a lot of suspenseful words like but and however because it keeps people on edge waiting for what you say next next now in a more General sense there is something that's important to focus on in storytelling for every Niche faceless or not and before I reveal it try to catch it for yourself in this short this is a Starbucks and down the street is another Starbucks and today I'mma start some beef howdy can you give me just like a really fun drink yeah we can definitely do that oh my gosh that's so fun Starbucks a went off this is the most fun drink I've ever seen I pulled up the Starbucks B and did what I had to do and then they said that you guys make super boring drinks okay so I was just going to see if you guys can make a more fun one than them yeah definitely this is what the Starbucks down the street made the genuine shock on tor's face right so in the hook Ryan sets up the plot behind the video and now we want to see who will make the better Starbucks drink then you might have noticed he used a hidden storytelling tool in order to keep us engaged throughout the short let's see even though the concept itself wasn't very tense there was a lot of anticipation he framed things in a way that made made it impossible to scroll because of the building up towards the payoff the hidden tool that Ryan used here was tension and obviously it worked because this short has nearly 100 million views so tension is the most important instrument of Storytelling and it can be applied in very broad circumstances as long as you're building suspense in your viewers now that we've resolved the storytelling and the hook let's move on to the payoff another integral part of your content so remember how I said ear earlier in the hook that you had to mention a payoff well now that we're actually here it's very important that you meet the expectations you set Ryan set up that there would be a competition between the two Starbucks but what if he reached the end of the short after all of that tension and buildup and said well it's a tie that would be lame wouldn't it you want to satisfy your audience because the real trick to getting a ton of retention is returning viewers if you disappoint someone with your payoff then you'll have lost a potential loyal subscriber who would have given you a lot of Engagement in the long run so make sure to fulfill the payoff and look at that we've successfully completed the composing pathway remember what I said earlier about composing being the engine of your shorts well you can think of editing as the physical part of the car the wheel the seats and the walls in the same way that a car couldn't function without an engine it's just as useless without a body to start let's talk about your pacing attention spans are pretty much fried nowadays especially when it comes to short form platforms like YouTube shorts therefore we need to go to Great Lengths to make sure our content is as fast-paced as possible I remember on an old channel of mine in the gaming Niche I would spend a whole hour getting footage for a one minute short that way I could condense all of the most action-packed moments to make the pacing quick and entertaining this is so important because people nowadays value their time much more why would they spend 30 seconds watching your short that isn't even entertaining when they can just scroll away and watch Mr Beast so keep your shorts as fast-paced as possible as for certain tricks like captions Transitions and zooming there isn't one concrete answer that I can give it's heavily dependent on the style of your content so I recommend recommend you search for other creators in your Niche and just do what they do now there's a whole another side of editing as well this aspect of it is often overlooked which is a shame because it plays one of the biggest roles in your engagement see if you can find what it is in this short these are the internet's weirdest websites spot the drowning child.com is like a lifeguard simulator where you're given a video of real people in a swimming pool and you click who you think's drowning to see if you're faster than the Lifeguard what's my star name.com let you type in your name and will return with how a Starbucks employee will find a way to spell it wrong did you catch it as the sections of the video switched the music he used changed as well the soundtrack you pick for your shorts can be used to make the audience feel different moods during different parts of the short this gets them more invested into the video and enhances your storytelling but be careful because if you pick the wrong soundtrack then it can backfire heavily another huge use of music is for building tension I talked about it earlier so you already know how important tension is if you pick a certain song with a buildup then you can create tension from thin air and manipulate people into staying engaged I can't show an example of this because of copyright but this channel is super good at it so check out his content to see what I'm talking about sound effects again depend on your Niche and type of content if you can use them then add them to certain moments for more engagement but if it doesn't fit your video style then it's not a big deal the definition of Leverage is using something to its maximum Advantage if we go back to that car analogy leverage would be like attaching a jet booster to the back the car does work without it but we can make it go a lot faster and what I mean by this is there are some clever tricks to maximize retention outside of the traditional composing and editing some of these tricks will seem pretty weird but don't underestimate how effective they are the first one is called engagement baiting do something that urges people to comment for example an intentional mistake until this guy slides the watermelon through it or a really crazy moment people will want to point it out and you might not know this but your retention increases as people use the comment section try it for yourself go to a short and you'll notice that when you leave a comment the short keeps playing in the background so get people to leave comments and you'll see a massive increase in your retention another trick related to comments and this one is kind of underhanded but it works very well here's how you do it once you post your short switch YouTube accounts so that people don't know it's you then go to the Post you just made and leave a comment saying something like that ending was crazy or I didn't expect the ending most people check the comments before even watching the short so they'll see that and wait until the end because you've made them curious about what happens the funny thing about this one is a lot of shorts creators use this without you knowing it next time you check the comments on a short and see one like that just know it might actually be the Creator in Disguise the third one is very simple but it's also very effective go to one of your shorts and find the related video section click it and link one of your other shorts a lot of people will click this link and since they're already in invested in your content they're more likely to watch for longer now I have a lot more leverage tips to share so I've linked them in the description for completely free check those out if you're interested hopefully you got a lot of value from this video subscribe if you did and I'll talk to you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CLIPMONGOLD [1 likes]: For me, most of the time, every Short has an APV of over 60-70%, and recently it has started to exceed 100%. I hope something will work out for me. And whoever is reading this, I hope it will work out for you too! Good luck!
  2. @LiviLore.mp3 [1 likes]: Wishing all small YouTube creators the best — stay creative, never give up, and keep going! 🎥✨ Wishing you all lots of success! 💪🎉
  3. @Saoewim: Small creators, you can do this!😁
  4. @EpicZonesport: good luck to all of you❤
  5. @SalwaShalihah: Bagus videonya weyy salam dari indonesia
  6. @ezxchiel: get that bread
  7. @BrainYappp: Goodluck Guys Keep Stacking and yall get viral :)
  8. @Thawkmtb: Thanks for the good tips
  9. @TrueHorrorStories-K: Thanks!
  10. @Bruhnsma: Thanks alot
  11. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  12. @CLIPZ-s5e9w: ty bro
  13. @Redditiix: Thank you for the video! Good luck to small channels 🍀🍀
  14. @viralInsight07: ill try thiss
  15. @DrHighlightShorts: Retention is not only the thing i have been getting 90+ retentiom and sometimes 100+ yet i couldnt break the 30k view jail as i dont get more comments and likes.😢
  16. @Plushroom64: good luck for everyone here!
  17. @ParvAgrawall: I thought i will perform better in youtube but my retention % going down like my grades % D:
  18. @idrish98: I got a 90+ retention and 85+ retention still stuck at 2/3k views huh
  19. @Fuh.clipzz: Soon bro soon bro
  20. @priscdreams: I'd love here opinions about my creations ✨

- How to Create Viral Video Ads in 90 Seconds ⚡ Ad Campaigns Generator: Kind: captions Language: en You have a great product, but your ads aren't there yet. That's exactly why we built this for you. Meet the ad campaign generator. Upload your images, describe your vision, and get a ready to launch video campaign in seconds. Try it now in Studio AI.

- How Juul made nicotine go viral: Kind: captions Language: en If you don't look carefully though, you might miss what it's advertising. It's this little thing and it's called: Juul, Juul, Juul looks more like a flash drive or computer device but it is really another kind of e-cigarette. Since it launched in 2015 Juul has taken over about 70% of the e-cigarette retail market share. It's now worth about 16 billion dollars. And that success is often attributed to its sleek design, but the same features that make Juul a well-engineered product also make it attractive to young people, many of whom have never smoked before and that has people worried because devices like Juul might be designed to help smokers get off cigarettes, but they're also addicting a new generation to nicotine. So what makes this one e-cigarette so different from the rest? Answering that question starts with what you see on the outside. Juul is an e-cigarette, but it really doesn't look like one. It looks like a tech product and it's tiny. That allows smokers to get a nicotine fix without having to worry about social stigma, but also allows young users to consume nicotine inconspicuously without having to worry about who sees them. Going to school having this in your pocket is a lot better than having like something this big, that looks kind of like a lightsaber, you know? You could kind of Juul anywhere in discreteness. That discreteness is a big shift for e-cigarettes. Since the first patent in 1930 designs haven't been very subtle. The first generation of e-cigarettes mimicked the shape size and colors of traditional cigarettes, sometimes even with a fake light-up tip. The second and third generations focused on larger and more customizable devices, with longer battery life and big plumes of vapor. Then came the Juul, a stripped-down version with no buttons, no big plumes of vapor, and no complex refilling or recharging and it comes in a variety of bright colors that set it apart from other e-cigarettes. Which made it look like a tech product that young people were already familiar with. That is why people called Juul the "iPhone of e-cigs." And that similarity makes sense. Juul's founders met at Stanford design school and one worked as a design engineer at Apple. They created the first e-cigarette that looked more like a cool gadget and less like a drug delivery device. This wasn't smoking or vaping, it was Juuling. Yeah like how grandma's have iPhones now, it's kind of like normal. Kids have Juuls now, because it looks so modern. We kind of trust modern stuff a little bit more, so we're like we can use it we're not gonna have any trouble with it, because you can trust it. The tech aspect definitely helps people get introduced to it and then once they're introduced to it they're staying, because they're conditioned to like all these different products and then this is another product and it's just another product until you're addicted to nicotine. And that is where it gets tricky. A 2017 study found that 25% of 15-24 year-olds recognize the Juul in a photo, but the majority of them didn't know that it always contains nicotine. It's easy to trace that information gap. You just have to look at the ads. When you look at Juul's marketing today you find video testimonials from adult ex-smokers. My name is Lauren. My name is Brandy. My name is Carolyn. My name is Iman, I'm 38. But when Juul first launched, their marketing looked a lot different. When you put those ads alongside old cigarette ads, the similarities are pretty striking. Both marketed relaxation, sharing, travel, freedom, and sex appeal. It's now illegal for cigarette brands to use these kinds of suggestive advertising themes, but for e-cigarette manufacturers who had products on the market before 2016, those strategies are still unregulated. That's why a brand like Kandypens can be promoted in DJ Khaled music videos, just like tobacco corporations used to pay stars to smoke their cigarettes on screen. But compared to cigarettes, Juuls are a lot easier to start using. Typical e-cigarettes have between six and thirty milligrams of nicotine per milliliter of vape liquid. One Juul pod packs in 59 milligrams. That's three times the nicotine levels permitted in the European Union, which is why Juul isn't sold there. But here in the US, e-cigarettes don't have the same restrictions even though we know that nicotine dependency can prime developing brains for future substance abuse disorders. The company says that Juul's nicotine content is about as much as a pack of cigarettes, though tobacco experts say it's likely more than that. And Juuls have a patented system for delivering that nicotine. Most e-cigarettes use a potent version of nicotine called freebase that gives users a strong hit, but Juuls vaporize a liquid made from nicotine salts. Those salts allow nicotine to be absorbed into the body at about the same speed as regular cigarettes, much faster than most e-cigarettes. But unlike freebase nicotine which can be irritating, nicotine salt goes down smoothly. So Juul packs a bigger nicotine dose into a much more pleasant hit than most devices on the market and that has public health officials worried because the US almost beat nicotine addiction among kids. As cigarette smoking among those under 18 has fallen, the use of other nicotine products and especially e-cigarettes has taken a drastic leap. In April, the FDA demanded that Juul submit documents on its marketing and research. A group of senators sent a letter asking Juul to stop using flavors and designs that appeal to children and there are now three lawsuits alleging that Juul contains too much nicotine. In response, to the concerns the makers of Juul have pledged thirty million dollars to combat underage use. Merchandise and marketing materials now have big warning labels on them and the company is developing lower nicotine pods. The trouble is there's still a lot we don't know about the long-term health impacts of e-cigarettes. Juul, like other e-cigarettes might have set out to design a solution to a public health problem, but in a lot of ways their product has created a new one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [1000 likes]: Design shapes trends in ways that are almost invisible to us, unless you look closely. That's what we're doing with By Design, a new Vox series produced by Christophe Haubursin. Check it out: http://bit.ly/2OZTiJ5
  2. @jakob_schifo [5 likes]: 2:35 this gotta be the oldest looking 16 year old I've ever seen 💀
  3. @xiahe6708 [4 likes]: They actually hoped for the younger edition to get addicted as they advertised it on literal websites for 6-18 year olds
  4. @BlackringIII [3 likes]: They really enslaved a whole new generation to a nicotine addiction. Someone must have no conscience to be part of their organization.
  5. @RolfParkerHoughton [3 likes]: According to documents seized by the Mass. Attorney General's office, Juul purchased ads on websites intended for middleschool students, and Nick Jr. This was no accident, it was a marketing plan, and it worked.
  6. @I_am_Lauren [3 likes]: I'm glad I graduated High School before JUUL was invented, I have a feeling the bathrooms would have been intolerable otherwise. lol
I don't remember ever seeing an e-cig in a class. Even in college, now that I think about it. The first time I regularly started seeing big, moded, vape pens was in 2017...
My first long-term BF out of college vaped so much that it literally looked like a fog machine in our living room. PLUMES of fruity pebble scented juice. I'd never experienced anything like that before. Nobody in my family smoked or chewed.
  7. @PandaPanda-rx9wt [2 likes]: yeah im sure the Juul coorperation is MORTIFIED by kids using their product im sure they care SO MUCH
  8. @mommybloggerlila [2 likes]: i started high school 5 days ago and im confident that at least 60% of people vape
  9. @sdojo107 [1 likes]: One week without my vape & I feel a lot better, after 4-5 years!
  10. @Vapecatlol [1 likes]: “From the first patent in 1930” *shows patent from 1965 .
  11. @cheerio4000 [1 likes]: Vapes are everywhere
  12. @YeniseiLusson: After watching the video, I learned how JUUL was designed and marketed in a way that made vaping extremely popular among young people. The product’s sleek, USB-like design and flavored pods made it appealing and easy to hide, especially for teens. I was surprised by how quickly nicotine use spread because of social media and peer influence. The video also helped me understand how addictive nicotine is and how easily young people can become dependent without realizing it.
  13. @jheneaikofan-b3i: so we will ban marijuana, marijuana gummies, and medical marijuana which are proven to have actual medical benefits and benefits in people with mental illnesses, yet allow vapes and jules which are a 1% better version of cigarettes to be advertised to children?
  14. @ahmedelguindi3193: Juul was definitely my gateway at 20
  15. @Lahorca: This video is 5 years old now. Correct me if I'm wrong but aren't nicotine salts now more popular than free base?
  16. @Porstile: 1:04 kim possible
  17. @jellybeansi: It may not look conspicuous, but it definitely smells like it. I hate walking behind or past someone and getting a big cloud of exhaled cotton-candy stink.
  18. @SP.007: Why don't we just ban nicotine?
  19. @thetreen00b: My school has to have custodians unlock the bathrooms and make sure we aren't vaping.
  20. @stiflers_mom: 4 years on and we have even worse vape trends made to pull in kids

- How to Make Viral Ghibli AI Videos in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever tried creating your own AI Ghibli video, only for it to look like a generic anime clip that doesn't capture the style at all? I've been there, and it's frustrating. So, I'm going to show you the exact step-by-step workflow I used to create clips that actually get mistaken for real Ghibli and have gone viral, so you can do it, too. The tool we're using for everything today is called OpenArt, which is an all-in-one platform that gives us access to every single tool we need to create our Ghibli animation. When you first log in to OpenArt, you'll see a navigation bar with six sections: story, video, image, character, world, [music] and audio. That's the whole creative studio right there. We're going to be moving between a few of those today. So, if you want to follow along and have a finished Ghibli animation by the end of this video, use the link in the description to sign up to OpenArt. We're starting with our main character first, which is the foundation for everything else. Click on character in the navigation bar, then hit create a character. You'll get three options: start from an image, describe your character, and build your character. Since we're creating someone completely fictional with no reference photo and no existing design, describe your character is exactly [music] what we need. So, select that. Now you're looking at a prompt box and two drop-down menus. For the model, select Nano Banana Pro. As for the style, select anime. [music] That style setting helps the AI understand the category of what we're making, but it does not specify if we want Ghibli. Anime is a genre all on its own with lots of different art styles. The Ghibli aesthetic we want is something you have to describe, and that description lives entirely in the prompt itself. I'll paste in this prompt. As you can see, I'm describing the character in specific plain prose, not just anime girl, and I'm naming the style references directly. I'm also using negative language at the end to actively push the AI away from the generic anime look. That last part matters more than most people think. Without it, the model defaults to what it sees most often in its training data, and that's not Ghibli. One more thing I want to point out before we generate. I wrote soft round childlike eyes [music] in that description, which was intentional. You know how important the eyes are for an anime, but if we leave the default style, we get eyes that are sharp, oversized, and expressive. [music] Ghibli eyes are the complete opposite, quiet, warm, and understated. If you leave that detail out of your character prompts, the model will give you something that looks like it belongs in a battle shonen, not a Miyazaki film. Set the number of variants to four, so we have options, then hit generate. We get back four previews that already [music] look pretty good. I'll select this one right here because she has soft lines, warm tones, [music] and that slightly imperfect hand-drawn quality that makes Ghibli feel alive rather than rendered. She also looks like she belongs in a countryside scene, which is perfect for what we're building. I'll name her May and save her as a character. She will be very important for everything we create next because in anime, the character carries the entire emotional weight of the story. The world can be as beautiful as you want, but if there's nobody to follow, the viewer has nothing to hold on to. If you skip this step and jump straight into generating scenes, you'll end up with random clips that feel disconnected from one another and with no one for the viewer to relate to. So, we build the protagonist first and everything else gets built around her. From this point forward, she can be referenced as May across every video we generate with no need to re-describe her. That's what keeps her consistent across all three clips. Head back to the OpenArt homepage and click on video in the navigation bar. You'll see a list of available models. Select Seedens 2.0. This is the model we're using for all of our clips because it handles character consistency and motion quality really well for this kind of animation style. For this first clip, the settings are straightforward. Upload May as your reference image. Set the duration to 15 seconds, resolution to 720p, and aspect ratio to 16 by 9. I'll use this prompt, and as you can see, it's not just girl runs up a hill. Every shot in this sequence is designed to build momentum. Seedens 2.0 can handle multi-shot generation from just one prompt, which is very when making anime, because it's what makes the animation feel alive rather than generated. Click generate and let it run. This came back looking genuinely impressive. It honestly doesn't look AI generated. The watercolor texture is exactly right and everything looks drawn by hand. I especially like how the foreground character is sharp, but the world around her feels like a painting and May looks like herself. [music] The character reference is doing exactly what it's supposed to. The whole clip has that slow chill energy where the world is allowed to breathe. That's exactly what Ghibli is known for. I'll download this clip now because we need it for maximum consistency with the rest of the sequence. Most people generate each clip independently and hope they match, but the moment you do that, the character shifts slightly between clips, the lighting changes and the whole art style drifts. The final result stops feeling like a continuous scene and starts feeling like a collection of random clips, but the fix is simple. When setting up video two, you're not just referencing May as an image. You're also uploading video one as a video reference. This tells SeaDance 2.0 to treat that first clip as the visual baseline. Everything carries forward like the style, the lighting and the character design. The result is a sequence that actually flows like it was built in one session. I'll set the duration to 12 seconds and keep every other setting the same as before. I'll paste in this prompt. This time, we also get dialogue in our prompt, but unlike other anime, we don't ask for shouting or intense sounds, but just a small whisper. These films don't punctuate emotional moments with big dramatic [music] music stings and screaming. They let the moment breathe. A quiet whisper over an open sky hits harder than anything louder would and that's the kind of detail that separates a clip [music] that feels like it was made by Studio Ghibli from a clip that just looks the part. Something else worth adding to your own prompts is a place and a period. [music] Something like summer countryside, 1960s rural Japan or windswept seaside village at dusk. The style prompts handle the visual language, but Ghibli films are always set somewhere specific and grounded. When you give the model that context, the backgrounds [music] stop feeling like generic pretty landscapes and start feeling like actual places. Let's generate. This looks really good. The animation remains fluid even though she's launching herself and gliding through the air. That's something most models would struggle to get right. And the close-up of her face right after is exactly the kind of quiet [music] emotional beat that makes this style work. She's just there, in the moment. And the viewer is right there with her. Download video two. The final clip is where everything we've built pays off. Now, video two becomes the reference for video three. Each clip inherits the visual DNA of the one before [music] it, and the story keeps building toward something. This final clip is the moment the [music] whole sequence has been building toward, and the prompt reflects that. Bump up the time to 15 seconds again, upload video two, and keep everything else the same for maximum consistency. I'll paste in this and generate. This is my favorite. The moment [music] when the birds rise around her looks great. The white plumage against the soft green of the meadow creates this natural contrast, [music] and May flying with the birds toward the horizon feels like the last frame before the credits roll. We've made three clips, all in a Ghibli style, and now we just need to put them together to make the whole thing look finished. Open up your video editor. I'm using CapCut, but use whatever you're most comfortable with. Drag in video one, video two, then video three in order, and trim any dead frames at the start or end of each clip. And you can also add a soft ambient track underneath. Something quiet that doesn't compete with the visual. This already looks good, but it's in 720p. And for Ghibli specifically, that's not enough. Anime is a visual art form, and at 720p, some of the details get compressed. It's not unwatchable, but it's not professional either. So, to upscale it, head back into OpenArt, go to video in the navigation bar, and this time select upscale video. Keep in mind that this tool has a 20-second limit, so if If video is 40 seconds long, you'll need to run the process twice [music] and then stitch the clips back together in CapCut. So, upload the video we just made, set the resolution to 1080p, and generate. Let's look at our final result. >> [music] [music] >> This looks really good, especially after the upscale where everything is sharper. Animation styles upscale cleanly, too, which isn't always true for live-action footage. For hand-drawn 2D aesthetics like this, the upscaler has a lot of fine detail to work with. Generating at 720p and upscaling afterward is actually the smarter workflow because it saves credits without sacrificing the final result. And with this workflow, you can create your own Ghibli animations with any story you want, all under one platform. So, if you want to start creating your own Ghibli videos, click to OpenArt. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @roboverse987 [2 likes]: Create Your Own Ghibli Anime with OpenArt 👉 https://roboverse-ai.com/ghibli
  2. @zieeeestory: Thanks 😮😮😮😮❤
  3. @Vastolorde-x4j: What is the background music name

- Behind Eugene • Making A Viral BuzzFeed Video: Kind: captions Language: en - Sex, beauty, modeling campaign, you know? - Yeah. - But in your head you're thinking bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, but it comes across on your face like really, really elegantly. I'm Eugene Lee Yang and I'm a video producer at Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. - Many people think that we're just actors but we're actually also writers, producers, directors, editors. We essentially do everything from top to bottom on a shoot. I'm responsible for a lot of the bigger hits that we've had virally. I am just very particular about how I want my videos to come out. The company is expecting me to create one big viral video per month that will really just knock it out of the park across platforms. That's a lot of pressure to be under but I strive under that pressure. I have one big concept that I've always wanted to do, wedding dresses across the world. What I envision is this huge runway show that just showcases gorgeous, expensive gowns that women either historically or today would be able to wear for their wedding day. And just have them strut the fuck out. - Hey, Eugene. - Hey, Andrew. Andrew Gauthier is the Executive Producer of Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. So I'm excited to see how well he takes the idea of wedding dresses around the world. - So what's your video this month? - Oh, well, okay. I really wanted to do something with wedding gowns. - [Andrew] How do you think it's going to do, though? - I think this will blow up. - And you really think you can do it by deadline? - I think I can get it done in one week. I just need-- - [Andrew] I don't believe you're actually going to get it done by then. - No, I don't think I can. I need a lot of time. - [Andrew] I honestly don't know about that. - We're talking about around the world. This needs a lot of prep time. - [Andrew] All right, all right, this is on you. - Don't worry about it, I got this. - [Andrew] Okay. - Cool, well, enjoy your trip in London. - [Andrew] Okay, yeah, let's connect when I get back. - All right. - [Andrew] Just make it work. - I will. I'll fucking do it, I always do it. Hey, hey, don't fall out the window. Come here, come here. I think people might associate me, even within Buzzfeed, as someone who has ridiculously high standards but for me I just think sometimes quality comes at a cost and that cost can be people's comfort. - He demands so much of the people around him, maybe to the point where he doesn't think a lot about the people around him. - I don't think that he puts a crazy amount of pressure on people, I think that people see how much pressure he puts on himself and then they're just like, "Oh God, I have to make this perfect." - What people don't know about Buzzfeed crews is that we don't have crews. We actually use our own interns. For the time being, I have luckily been assigned two different interns. The first intern I have is Caroline who will primarily be focused more on the production side. - I've just heard that it's going to be intense a lot of, what's the word? Shoot. Just like really intense. - Jazzmine, my second intern, will be focused more on the style aspect but she is pretty green to production and film sets. - If I need to be coached through it, then I do, but if not, I'll just act like I know what I'm doing and make sure it looks good. - I'm super worried because I haven't worked with these interns before and this is really the first time where, you know, all eyes are really on me as a producer and a director and as an editor to make something fantastic because if it is fantastic, you get to see how great I was but if it sucks, then you get to see how much bullshit I'm spewing right now. So it better be good. Kari, as my research liaison, I just need to know how many wedding dresses we can get from how many different countries and hopefully we can pull together like, I don't know, 10 to 20. - 10 to 20? - 10 to 20 just to start and then we'll see-- - You're going to need to narrow it down, man. - Let's say world right now but if you have to whittle it down, I would say I'm comfortable with looking at Asia. - This may have to just be Asian. - Okay, cool, so if you can start researching access to fashion designers who are from that country and really represent that style authentically. - We're definitely going to need to find out who we're going with internationally because we're going to have to get it through customs too. - We don't get special customs treatment? - No. - Can you just be like, "It's for a Buzzfeed video"? - No, they will laugh at you. - Okay, well, Caroline, Jazzmine, who are you? - Liana. - Liana, are you, is she my other intern? - [Angela] Yes. - I just found out today that I was going to be on this shoot. - You guys, we're going to be fine, we're going to be great. Sorry, I'm just getting caught up on all this. I've actually secured five different designers from each country and then one extra designer who's doing the traditional Western style gown. Actually, the Afghan designer is the cousin to the crown prince of Afghanistan. - So really legit. - Yeah, she basically just designs for diplomats and royalty. - You're so annoying. - I've been talking to a designer in Thailand, she's going to be sending dresses from New York. - In Thailand? - Yeah, she's in Thailand. This will be around the budget. - Okay, what are the countries that are represented? - The countries that are represented, I've whittled it down to Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Thailand, and India. - All right, one, two, three, here we go. This is really tall. (perky music) - All we have to do is put the plexiglass down. Which is going to serve as a runway. We're going to finish the lighting. I'm aiming at getting our first shot off at 10:00 AM. - I have my Fitbit on with my heartrate monitor. I'm going to keep track of that and keep it mellow. - Watch the gowns with the coffee. Okay, no, watch the bottom, watch the bottom of the gowns. - Oh Lord. - Yeah, okay, just be careful. - Have mercy on us. - Try to get on for first shot at 11 now. That's my goal. so I want to get it centered because this is going to be how it's lying. There's a black spot right there. Can we move that black spot? What is that? Is that lint? Like a quarter inch back, no, it was a little too-- No, like an eighth of an inch, just a little bit to your right, Shayne, just a tiny bit. No, you're just rotating it. Caroline, lift with him and pull it slightly to your right, Shayne, very slightly, stop. - Like right now? Oh, Jesus. - The first shot will be when the first shot decides to happen. Just got to make sure it's all perfect. That was a ninja move. - Yeah, it was, I saw that. - It's kind of watery, it's okay. - Cool. - Thank you for making this. Jazzmine! No, this is the Thai jewelry. There should be a Ralph's paper bag that has all of the jewelry in it. - I'll go re-look for you. - I would sprint and make sure it's there. Oh, here we go - [Voiceover] Yay! - God, my brain, this is like $10,000 worth of jewelry. Can we take the zebra stripes off of that? I'm going to play the music that it will actually be to. All right. - Hold on. - [Eugene] And. - Wait, how do I get out? - Caroline, you good? - Yes. - Let's roll cameras. Music. You're actually on the wedding aisle, okay? You're walking down to your husband right here and action! - Hi, my name is Michelle Hebert and I'm one of the designers on set today. - You're going to hit, hit, turn left. Really breathe like boom, boom, boom. - [Jazzmine] Why isn't Eugene in a dress? - You always want to be kind of like 31ish degrees - Okay. - So it's not here and it's not like here, it's like right there. I think this should be lower, slightly. I don't want to make the designer mad. - Hi, I'm Kathryn Waldron and I'm the makeup artist. - He's very professional but he's freaking crazy. - Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, yes, yes! All your jewelry feels so good but you can't have it because it's mine because I'm the queen of Thailand. Whatever, loser, flip out, good, yes! Cut. You guys are good on that camera, right? - [Eugene] All right, let's switch lenses. - I'm the designer for the Afghan clothes. - So one of the models was too thin for the dresses so they called me in. - And turn to camera and pose. Oh, wow. I'm Sofia, I'm not a model, I don't know how to model. You were amazing. - I'm the designer for the Vietnamese bride. - Circle, right? Perfect, perfect, perfect. And set, model. We are over halfway through now. You are all doing an amazing job. - My mom's designs for the traditional Korean dress. - Yeah, you are working that dress, beautiful. For Korea! Turn! - I'm here to provide henna design. - You know who the queen is, oh yes, it's you. You can exit, get out of there. Whatever bitches. One more time. I want you to really sell this last stare. Walk away and stare at them. Stare at them, stare at them, stare at them. Turn, yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! And, cut. That's a wrap. Yeah! Let's get you out of those gorgeous clothes and into like a pizza box, I'm hungry. - I want to learn more about big sets and how we can use this space to create. Sorry, it's late. I can't think very well. - I'm taking away like opening up people's minds and I'm really passionate about that as well. - I know I can be a bit of an ass sometimes but, you know, that's just Asian parenting rule number one. You know? You've got to be strict. You've got to get everything down because in the end, they're going to succeed and they succeeded today, they were great. So I've been editing about three days now. I see about a million mistakes that were made. Sofia was wearing leggings under the dress so I have to cut around fucking leggings but it's cool. But, you know, things like that, you don't notice it on a shoot and you sit here and then you're like, "Fuck! Everything is wrong." That's kind of how I think most filmmakers see footage is everything looks bad. You know, otherwise I think it looks pretty damn good for what we were given. I think everyone involved on the shoot, from the fashion designers to the models to all of the interns and the crew did an amazing job and I'm so proud of what we accomplished with such little means. It's always like comparing it to having a baby. Not nearly as painful, well-- I don't know what it's like to have a baby but it was pretty painful. I feel like I just pushed out a human out of my phantom vagina. So, yeah, it's about to be unleashed upon the world, Wedding Dresses Across Asia and I really hope you guys enjoy it. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @rubisheikh9796 [5 likes]: I don't know about the other countries but that is DEFINITELY not what we wear in our wedding in INDIA..😭😭 But I really appreciate their dedication to work.. Amazing
  2. @Honey511Bee [5 likes]: No wonder he was having to be demanding! Buzzfeed weren't giving him any leeway!
  3. @victoriavargas674 [4 likes]: That Andrew guy is a dick. I understand it’s a company but then at the meeting he wasn’t entirely present and said Eugene was annoying. Okay let’s see you create fantastic videos like Eugene. Oh wait you can’t cause you’re nobody. Get out of here with your rude demeanor.
  4. @graceriley2500 [4 likes]: this is so scripted to me, it feels designed to make eugene come off as the bad guy. it just is not a good look on buzzfeeds end
  5. @graceriley2500 [4 likes]: this feels so agressively scripted
  6. @zachstoiko1484 [4 likes]: This is such an unhealthy work environment no wonder everyone leaves Buzzfeed and makes a video about it; it seems like absolute hell
  7. @aty6901 [3 likes]: Yea no I saw nothing wrong, he’s a highly driven individual, he expects his team to be competent as well
  8. @mehnoorayesha4686 [2 likes]: It's just soo attractive how passionate he is
  9. @DarlingDevil4691 [2 likes]: Eugene was so nice to the interns :)
  10. @oIipipa [2 likes]: Eugene is in the try guys now 😂😂
  11. @TanyaM02 [1 likes]: Eugene really disappointed by Indian wedding dress
  12. @alyshalee6313 [1 likes]: I love how we can see his hair stylist in a video from so far back, Obvs they're friends but still cool to see. and David is not afraid to say "He's friggin crazy"
  13. @maulolumleod6310 [1 likes]: Who came here because of the tiktok
  14. @samandsophia5632 [1 likes]: 7:46 love that
  15. @Departure-yz7ok [1 likes]: Damn Eugene is really good
  16. @AdaValentine92: Yas Safiya!
  17. @refugeeofroads: eugene soo gay oh my lordie bordy i slink the shabork
  18. @Febieananda: Andrew 😍
  19. @dngr_412: OMG ITS THAI!!!!
  20. @oliveoil9177: SAFIYA NYGAARD WE NEED U BACK 8:27

- ​ ⁨@BonGMedia123⁩  Ujjal | Controversy,Rost,Viral Video | Ujjal Barman | Talk With Moyotro: Kind: captions Language: en Babychech. influenc detection. welcome. I was saying good Edchech. Angelche. foreign. Foreign analyze. Oh, roast bar. Forever mindset. for host. still promoted. movie. especially Angel show woman. Facebook. Mhm. point. Feel Cinema director. shop. Ashimine. No, no, no. million download. Second time. Fore customer business YouTubech. expense. So, team YouTube. YouTube a singer. Sing I mean, YouTube. Facebook team. You take Back to back. Hate. personally social media. But Okay. Mhm. negative social I just feel Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Screenshot fake. With proof prove personal cheating. Oh sh views views. Proof skin. Oh More next Mhm. forology. Not biology. China legal notice. Soil information. 3:30. What? Facebook, social media TMC recently. TMC Yes. WhatsApp. for TMC. forced. I'm indirectly forchech. I mean factchech. investig for Please phone real facture. Top 10 content Roster. forost. It is a fact social Social med. So future cont very extremely dete Last question. Nothing is impossible. social forgive. Depression. opinion Please respect. support.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chill____baba____chill4631 [7 likes]: Bong Media 🤮 ❌ Nang Media 🙂✅
  2. @itsRajdeepOfficial [3 likes]: 17:20 After...😂😂😂
   And Ruko Zara Chotto chele abar asche eke niye 😂😂😂😂
  3. @AbuSahinSk-k9o [1 likes]: আমি মুসলিম  হয়ে উজ্জ্বলদার বড় ফ্যান।
  4. @rahulbiswas3400 [1 likes]: Ato vlo manus bara aga daki ni 🙂😐 ato din kothay chila..mc
  5. @snehasisbera5651 [1 likes]: গান্ডু মিডিয়া 😂😂😂
  6. @sangitachakraborty8731 [1 likes]: Bisal vabe nijeke
  7. @dipanwitadas2149 [1 likes]: Full support dada❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @dipanwitadas2149 [1 likes]: Ujjal da❤❤❤
  9. @312Ax: nang media 😂😂😂
  10. @MrPk-b6p: Podcast korte chole asecho ar roast er spelling janona 🙄🙄🙄
  11. @Itzapuvai: মিথ্যা কথা গুলো ভালো করে গুছিয়ে বলতে পারছে না 😂😂
  12. @ArghyaSahoo-j2q: উজ্জ্বলদা কে এখন কে কে ভালোবাসো❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉
  13. @SudhirBhounik: Hati jodi gotte pore camcikiye latthi mare. Doirjo dhoro
  14. @trideeproy8169: Nang media 😂
  15. @khalahoba123: কতো নাটক 🤮🤮
  16. @Smofficlalyt07-z: Nang Media
  17. @mrabduledit: প্লিজ দাদা রিপ্লাই টা দেবেন
  18. @mrabduledit: আপনি আমাকে নিজেই ডাকবেন ইন্টারভিউ নেওয়ার জন্য
  19. @mrabduledit: দাদা একদিন আমিও আপনার স্টুডিওতে ইন্টারভিউ দিতে যাব❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊
  20. @ReshmiKhatun-n3b: ❤❤❤❤❤❤

- "Corporate" videos are boring – We're Umault, a B2B video marketing agency: Kind: captions Language: en - Why do B2B videos always have people in a conference room with generic charts and someone writing on a whiteboard? Hey, Lou, what you writing? - I have no idea. - Don't make a normal, boring corporate video. Make a video your prospects actually wanna watch. We're Umault, click the link to learn more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Crazyguyyoi [20 likes]: Editor forgot to put the link 😂
  2. @mxstudent5528 [11 likes]: "Thisisagreatvideo!Veryinformativeandwellpresented.Thanksforsharing!"
  3. @Alex-NoLife [9 likes]: An add for this came up for me presently and my interest in a company I just learned about has never been higher
  4. @Moawiah_Jamal [3 likes]: Very lovely work!
  5. @centuryheist [1 likes]: Damn! This was good
  6. @DreiiFernandes [1 likes]: 100% but sometimes its those clients just seeking for a serious corporate video for some reason. After seeing the proposal they ban the shots that they think are too fun or creative, maybe a better way to say it is they find it "inappropriate"? or "unprofessional"? but yeah, especially if its by PR or Marketing Heads but not the boss themselves. idk its weird sometimes with corpo clients
  7. @thumbihouseYOUTUBE [1 likes]: You mean a cinematic corporate video? I'm in
  8. @Biaza_TM [1 likes]: What music is being used in the end?
  9. @robbioe [1 likes]: This was good. The algo got me
  10. @leydofilm8373 [1 likes]: Could you show any your b2b corporate videos..?
  11. @OgunniyiFeyisayo [1 likes]: Nice
  12. @上原恵太郎 [1 likes]: lols.
  13. @pettywab: I'm back to shw love again.
  14. @LavishChaudhary-wb9ul: H
  15. @WFR1Y0XX99A7: Yeap. Already ai beating these thing's
  16. @WilliamSolyphus: Bye, loser 😘✌️
  17. @QUATNEWS-k1w: 😅😅😅 that's fun
  18. @williamestrada8936: ◇◇◇◇
  19. @Jess.TheConnector: cant seem to reach you through your website
  20. @linwang-pz4he: Can you help me make a video?